--- Page 1 ---
1
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 18 JUNE 2021
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.
a bank in the form of a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies 
under number B 6061
(acting as issuer of the Notes in a fiduciary capacity pursuant to the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003
relating to trusts and fiduciary contracts, as amended)
as Fiduciary
(incorporated in Luxembourg)
SOCIETE GENERALE
as Guarantor
(incorporated in France)
(in respect of Secured Notes)
Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme
For guidance on using this Base Prospectus and navigating between the different sections hereof, 
please refer to the section headed "Base Prospectus - User Guide" of this Base Prospectus (which is 
intended to assist investors in their review of this Base Prospectus but which should nevertheless 
be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Base Prospectus.
Under the Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme (the Programme), Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. (the 
Fiduciary) may from time to time issue Notes, being either secured Notes or repack Notes (Secured Notes 
or Repack Notes) (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), denominated in any currency agreed 
by the Fiduciary and the relevant Purchaser(s) (as defined below) on a fiduciary basis in its own name but at 
the sole risk and for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Luxembourg act dated 
27 July 2003 relating to trust and fiduciary contracts, as amended.
Payments in respect of Secured Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Societe 
Generale (the Guarantor). References in this Base Prospectus to "Guarantor" and the "Guarantee" shall only 
apply in respect of Secured Notes and shall be ignored in respect of Repack Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF) which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation and such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor 
and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF gives no 
undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the Notes issued under the Programme or the 
quality or solvency of the Fiduciary, in accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act 
on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019. Such application does not extend to money market 
instruments (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) having a maturity of less than one year or to Notes 
(which are not non-exempt offer Notes) to be admitted to trading on the EuroMTF (as defined below). 
The information on the websites does not form part of the prospectus (with the exception of links to the 
electronic addresses where information incorporated by reference is available) and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the competent authority.
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 18 June 2021, it replaces the previous one dated 24 June 2020  
and is valid until 18 June 2022 and must during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new 
significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the

--- Page 2 ---
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on (i) the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and (ii) the multilateral trading facility Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the EuroMTF). The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is 
a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2014/65/EU of 15 May 
2014, as amended, MiFID II) (a Regulated Market). 
The EuroMTF is not a Regulated Market and accordingly the CSSF is not the competent authority for the 
approval of this Base Prospectus in connection with Notes issued under the Programme which are admitted 
to trading on the EuroMTF, but the EuroMTF is subject to the supervision of the CSSF. The CSSF has 
neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Notes admitted 
to trading on the EuroMTF. The CSSF therefore assumes no responsibility in relation to the issues of Notes 
admitted to trading on the EuroMTF. 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other 
market, including any other Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA and/or be the subject of a 
non-exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on any market and/or be 
the subject of a non-exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market.
The Notes and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities law of any state or political 
sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the CFTC) under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended 
(the CEA). No person has registered and no person will register as a "commodity pool operator" of the 
Fiduciary under the CEA and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the CFTC, and the Fiduciary has not 
and will not be registered as an investment company under the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Investment Company Act). The Notes 
are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder (Regulation S). 
Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an "offshore transaction" 
(as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not (i) a U.S. person 
as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S U.S. Person) unless the applicable Final Terms specify that a U.S. 
person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (IRS U.S. Person) is also 
applicable, or (ii) if in the case of SGI Index Linked Notes, Advised SGI Index is applicable or if in the case of 
Portfolio Linked Notes, Dynamic Portfolio is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or 
an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is 
applicable; and (b) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the 
CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, 
any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, 
for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United 
States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); and (c) is not a “U.S. Person” for purposes of the final 
rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. Person) (such a person or 
account as described herein, a Permitted Transferee). The Notes are available only to Permitted 
Transferees.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of Notes 
will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which (except in the case of Exempt Offer Notes 
or Notes that must be distributed in or from Switzerland exclusively to Swiss qualified investors (all as defined 
in the section entitled "General Terms and Conditions")) will be filed with the CSSF. THE SECURITIES 
OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE 
UNITED STATES.

--- Page 3 ---
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
Section 871(m) Regulations) generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or 
deemed paid (within the meaning of the relevant Section 871(m) Regulations) to a non-United States holder 
(a Non-U.S. Holder) with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include 
U.S. equities (U.S. Underlying Equities). Specifically, and subject to special rules from 2017 through 2022 
set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), the Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Notes issued on 
or after 1 January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying 
Equities as determined by the Fiduciary (or Guarantor) on the date for such Notes as of which the expected 
delta of the product is determined by the Fiduciary (or Guarantor) based on tests in accordance with the 
applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Notes are deemed "delta-one" 
instruments) (the Specified Notes). A Note linked to U.S. Underlying Equities which the Fiduciary (or 
Guarantor) has determined not to be a Specified Note will not be subject to withholding tax under Section 
871(m) Regulations. Investors are advised that the Fiduciary's (or Guarantor’s) determination is binding on 
all Non-U.S. Holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the United States Internal Revenue Service (the 
IRS) and the IRS may therefore disagree with the Fiduciary’s determination.
The U.S. tax treatment of ownership of a Repack Note is unclear. Solely for U.S. tax purposes, a holder of 
the Repack Notes will be treated as the owner of any specified bonds that collateralised the Repack Notes.  
In addition, the holder will be treated as directly facing the Guarantor on any swaps or other derivatives held 
by the Fiduciary to hedge its exposure on the notes (the Hedge). As a consequence of this treatment, to the 
extent the specified bonds pay U.S.-source interest income, a holder must provide certain U.S. tax 
documentation to the Fiduciary to receive such income free from U.S. withholding tax.  In addition, to the 
extent the Hedge substantially replicates the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities 
as determined by the Fiduciary (or Guarantor), a Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to withholding tax under 
Section 871(m) as described above.  The Fiduciary, Guarantor and holder agree to this treatment, but 
investors are advised that the IRS is not bound by this treatment and may therefore disagree with it.
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the Notes are Specified Notes, and, if so, whether the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor, or a withholding agent will withhold tax under Section 871(m) Regulations and the rate of the 
withholding tax. Investors should note that if the Fiduciary or any withholding agent determines that 
withholding is required, neither the Fiduciary nor the withholding agent will be required to gross up any 
amounts withheld in connection with a Specified Note. Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding 
the potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to their investment in the Notes.
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction in 
which the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of 
the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. 
Potential investors are advised to consult their own tax adviser on the tax impacts of the acquisition, 
holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. The requirement to pay such taxes may reduce the 
effective yield on the Notes and may also have an adverse impact on their value.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes state "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as Applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes state "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors", as Applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation

--- Page 4 ---
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II product governance/ target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance",  which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger or 
the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the Securities and Futures Act) – Unless otherwise stated in 
the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, in connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Fiduciary has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309(A)(1) of the Securities and Futures Act), that the Notes are capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
ARRANGER AND DEALER
Societe Generale

--- Page 5 ---
CONTENTS
5
CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................7
RISK FACTORS............................................................................................................................................16
ON-GOING NON-EXEMPT OFFER                                                                                              
           39
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE.........................................................................................................40
IMPORTANT INFORMATION.......................................................................................................................46
REGULATORY INFORMATION ...................................................................................................................59
THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT......................................................................................................................66
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES..................................68
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................74
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS.......................................................................................83
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...........................................................................................84
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.............................................................................................................................85
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES..........................................................................166
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE...................................................326
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED NOTES .................................................522
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES AND DEPOSITARY 
RECEIPTS LINKED NOTES.......................................................................................................................531
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES.................................................542
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED NOTES..........................................547
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED NOTES ...........................558
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED NOTES............560
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES......................................564
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES..................................................589
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES...............................................606
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES .........................................689
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED NOTES AND FOR ETF LINKED 
NOTES........................................................................................................................................................693
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED NOTES ..................706
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES......................709

--- Page 6 ---
6
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANT LINKED NOTES..........................................713
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED NOTES .............................................716
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES .......................................723
GUARANTEE..............................................................................................................................................777
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE ................................................................................................780
DESCRIPTION OF SOCETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A................................................................782
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES") .....................................................785
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE SHARES..............786
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT AND THE FIDUCIARY 
ACCOUNTS ................................................................................................................................................788
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS....................................................................................................789
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .....................................................................791
GENERAL INFORMATION.........................................................................................................................807
GLOSSARY.................................................................................................................................................810

--- Page 7 ---
General Description the Programme
7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended implementing the Prospectus 
Regulation.
Words and expressions defined in the section headed “General Terms and Conditions” shall have the same 
meanings in this general description.
Hyperlinks of websites referred to in the Base Prospectus are exclusively for information purposes and must 
not be regarded as part of the Base Prospectus itself. 
1.
PARTIES TO THE PROGRAMME
Fiduciary
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., acting in a fiduciary capacity pursuant to the Luxembourg act dated 27 
July 2003 relating to trust and fiduciary contracts, as amended.
Fiduciary Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): TPS0Q8GFSZF45ZZFL873 
Guarantor (where “Types of Notes” is specified as “Secured Notes” in the applicable Final Terms)
Societe Generale
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41
Arranger
Societe Generale
Dealers
Societe Generale and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with a programme agreement to be entered 
into by the Fiduciary.
Calculation Agent and Note Valuation Agent
Societe Generale
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Exchange Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
LuxCSD Principal Agent
The Fiduciary may appoint or (as the case may be) maintain a LuxCSD principal agent or similar agent as 
required by the applicable Settlement Organisation (the LuxCSD Principal Agent) in any relevant jurisdiction 
in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law, all as specified in the Final Terms.
Paying Agents
The Principal Paying Agent, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch and/or any such 
additional or successor paying agent appointed in accordance with General Condition 10.

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme
8
In respect of Bearer SIS Notes, Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch shall act as Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent, together with further additional Swiss Paying Agents which may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Collateral Custodian
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Collateral Agent
Societe Generale
Collateral Monitoring Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch
2.
DESCRIPTION
Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme
3.
METHOD OF DISTRIBUTION
Notes may be distributed to qualified investors and/or non-qualified investors, and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Notes may be issued directly to the Noteholders at a fixed offer price (which may be increased by such fees, 
if any, as disclosed in the applicable Final Terms).
Alternatively, the Notes may be offered at a price as specified in the applicable Final Terms which:
(a)
will be the Issue Price or the Issue Price up to a maximum of a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, represented by a distribution fee payable upfront by the Fiduciary to 
the distributors; or
(b)
will be the market price which will be determined by the Dealer on a daily basis (and, as the 
case may be, in accordance with market conditions then prevailing including the current 
market price of the Underlying(s)); and/or will evolve between the Issue Date and the last 
day of the Offer Period on a linear basis in such way equal to a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the last day of the Offer Period and will be provided by the Dealer 
to any Noteholder upon request; or
(c)
will be fully subscribed by the Dealer and thereafter offered to the public in the secondary 
market, at a price which may be at the Issue Price, during the Offer Period; or
(d)
will evolve between dates specified in the applicable Final Terms in order to reach a specific 
maximum level on a specific date, in accordance with the following formula:
Offer Price (t) = OfferPriceBase x (1 + ConvergencePercentage x Nb(t) / 360)
Where :
OfferPriceBase means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
ConvergencePercentage means a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
Nb(t) means the number of calendar days between the Issue Date and the date “t” on which 
the value of the Notes is calculated (both dates included);or

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme
9
(e)
will be determined by the Dealer on a continuous basis in accordance with the market 
conditions then prevailing and depending on market conditions, the offer price shall be equal 
to, higher or lower than the Issue Price; or
(f)
will be provided by the Dealer by way of quotes made available in the market specified in the 
applicable Final Terms,
and which, in all cases, may be increased by such fees, if any, as disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.
4.
CURRENCIES
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to compliance as aforesaid, be made in and/or linked to, any 
currency or currencies other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated.
5.
ISSUE PRICE
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and at an issue price (expressed either (i) as a 
percentage of the Aggregate Nominal Amount or (ii) as an amount per Note of the relevant Specified 
Denomination) which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).
6.
REDEMPTION
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following a Fiduciary Event or in 
the event of an optional outstanding Notes trigger call or following the occurrence of a Collateral Disruption 
Event) or that such Notes (if Physical Delivery Notes) may be settled at maturity or otherwise by receipt by 
the holder(s) of a cash amount and/or by delivery of the relevant Deliverable Assets or that such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Fiduciary and/or the Noteholders upon giving not less than thirty nor more 
than forty five days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice period (if any) as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) to the Noteholders or the Fiduciary, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and 
purchaser(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts and on such dates as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
7.
MATURITIES
Any maturity as indicated in the applicable Final Terms subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Fiduciary or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue are subject to certain restrictions on their 
denomination and distribution (see the paragraph “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year” below).
8.
REDENOMINATION AND/OR CONSOLIDATION
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be redenominated in euro. The relevant 
provisions applicable to any such redenomination are contained in General Conditions 1.5 and 13.2.
Notes denominated in a currency that may be converted into euro may be subject to consolidation with other 
Notes denominated in euro.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme
10
9.
FIDUCIARY ASSETS AND RELATED AGREEMENTS
The provisions relating to collateralisation of Notes are more fully described in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions” of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
10.
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements in full force (see the section “Subscription, Sale 
and Transfer Restrictions”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see the section “Subscription, Sale 
and Transfer Restrictions”.
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at 
issue of less than twelve months and complying also with the definition of “securities” are not subject to the 
approval provisions stated therein.
11.
TYPE OF NOTES
No securities falling under article 19 or debt securities falling under article 20 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 will be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Any benchmark to which a Note refers will be provided by an administrator included in the register referred 
to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Fiduciary may issue either Secured Notes or Repack Notes, where:
(i)
Secured Notes means a Note where “Type of Notes” is specified as “Secured Notes” in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Secured Notes are Notes which are guaranteed by the Guarantor and in 
respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary are collateralised by a Collateral Pool 
comprising diversified assets complying with Collateral Rules where Notes Market Value Test will 
apply. Secured Notes may be issued with Fixed Collateralisation or with Variable Collateralisation.
(ii)
Repack Notes means a Note where “Type of Notes” is specified as “Repack Notes” in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Repack Notes are Notes in respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary 
are collateralised by one or more specific bond(s) issued by a third party complying with Collateral 
Rules where Notes Market Value Test or Fiduciary Securities Value Test will apply, as specified in 
the Final Terms.
Both such type of Notes may be issued as one of the below type of Notes.
11.1
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed rate interest will be payable on such date(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between 
the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
11.2
Partly Paid Notes
The Issue Price of Partly Paid Notes will be payable in more than one instalment.

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme
11
While any part payments of the subscription moneys due from the holder of Partly Paid Notes are 
overdue, no interest in a Temporary or Permanent Global Note representing such Notes may be 
exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes.
If any Noteholder fails to pay any part payment due on any Partly Paid Notes within the time specified, 
the Fiduciary may have a right to redeem such Notes if so specified, and on the terms set out, in the 
applicable Final Terms.
11.3
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined (i) on the same basis as the floating rate 
under a notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement evidenced by a confirmation incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or (ii) on the basis of a reference rate 
appearing on an agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant 
Dealer(s) for each issue of Floating Rate Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes may also have either a minimum interest rate or a maximum interest rate or both.
Interest will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
11.4
Physical Delivery Notes
Payments in respect of Physical Delivery Notes (whether in respect of principal and/or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) and any delivery of any Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical 
Delivery Notes will be made in accordance with the terms of the applicable Final Terms, subject 
always to applicable securities laws.
11.5
Zero Coupon Notes
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment.
11.6
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Fiduciary has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Fiduciary may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. 
11.7
Dual Currency Notes
Payments in respect of Dual Currency Notes (whether in respect of principal and/or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) will be made in such currency or currencies, and based on such 
rate or rates of exchange, as the Fiduciary and the relevant purchaser(s) may agree (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms).
11.8
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes and Structured Notes
Floating Rate Notes and Structured Notes, may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, or be subject to a rate multiplier, in each case as set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme
12
11.9
Structured Notes
Structured Note means a Note which will provide investors with an exposure to one or more 
Underlyings. 
Payments of principal and/or of interest in respect of Structured Notes will be calculated by reference 
to such Underlying. Item “Type of Structured Notes” of the Final Terms will specify the relevant type 
of Underlying of the Structured Notes. Any Structured Note may be exposed to more than one 
Underlying, in which case more than one type of Structured Note will be specified. For each such 
Underlying and type of Note, the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions will apply. The application 
of such Additional Terms and Conditions will also be specified in item “Type of Structured Notes” of 
the Final Terms.
The applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Underlying and state where information on the 
relevant Underlying, in particular on its past and future performance and on its volatility, can be found 
and whether or not the Fiduciary intends to provide further information on the Underlying.
Each type of Underlying for Structured Notes is further described below.
(i)
Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes will be calculated 
by reference to one or more shares or depository receipts as agreed between the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Share Linked Notes and Depositary 
Receipts Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by physical delivery of the Deliverable 
Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary 
Receipts Linked Notes. Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes may be subject 
to early redemption or adjustment if certain corporate events, de-listing, merger or de-merger, 
nationalisation or insolvency occur, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes.  
(ii)
Index Linked Notes
Payments of principal and/or of interest at maturity or otherwise in respect of Index Linked Notes will 
be calculated by reference to the performance of one or more Indices as the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
Index Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustment as more fully described in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes.
Index Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an index that is not composed by the Fiduciary. 
In accordance with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended, the 
applicable Final Terms contains the name of the Index and an indication of where to obtain 
information about the index. 
(iii)
SGI Index Linked Notes
Payments of principal and/or of interest at maturity or otherwise in respect of SGI Index Linked Notes 
will be calculated by reference to one or more Societe Generale Indices as the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
SGI Index Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustment as more fully described in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes.
SGI Index Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an index that composed by Societe 
Generale or any other legal entity belonging to the Societe Generale group (an SGI Index). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the SGI Indices, Societe Generale, is 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme
13
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation.
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings following the publication 
of a supplement in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
containing an index description of such additional Indices. 
 (v)
ETF Linked Notes
Payments in respect of ETF Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more exchange 
traded funds as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, ETF Linked Notes may also 
provide for redemption by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes. ETF Linked Notes may be 
subject to early redemption or adjustments, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes.
(vi)        ETP Linked Notes
Payments in respect of ETP Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more exchange 
traded products other than ETF (exchange traded funds) as agreed between the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. ETP Linked Notes may also provide 
for redemption by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes. ETP Linked Notes may be subject to 
adjustments, as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes 
and for ETF Linked Notes.
(vii)
Reference Rate Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Reference Rate Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more 
reference rate as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Reference Rate Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes.
(viii)
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one 
or more foreign exchange rate as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more 
fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes.
(ix)
Commodity Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Commodity Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more 
commodities and/or commodity indices as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Commodity Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes.
(x)
Fund Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Fund Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to units, interests or shares 
in a single fund or basket of funds on such terms as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Subject to applicable laws and

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme
14
regulations, Fund Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by physical delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes.
Fund Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments, as applicable, or if certain 
corporate events occur, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund 
Linked Notes.
(xi)
Credit Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit, and possibly the CDS spread, 
of a specified entity or entities and will be issued on such terms as may be agreed between the 
Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or 
Restructuring) in relation to a Reference Entity or, with respect to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, 
Reference Entities, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the obligation of the 
Fiduciary to pay principal at maturity may be replaced by (i) an obligation to pay other amounts which 
are equal to either certain fixed amount(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or amounts 
calculated by reference to the value of the Deliverable Asset(s) (which may, in each case, be less 
than the par value of the Notes at the relevant time) and/or (ii) an obligation to deliver the Deliverable 
Asset(s), all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes. 
In addition, interest-bearing Credit Linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of 
occurrence of such circumstances.
Credit Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.
(xii)
Inflation Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to inflation indices as 
agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes.
(xiii)
Non Equity Security Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Non Equity Security Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or 
more non-equity securities or futures contracts thereon as agreed between the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Non Equity Security Linked Notes may 
be subject to early redemption or adjustments, as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes.
(xiv)
Future Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Future Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more future 
contracts as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Future Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments, as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes.
(xv)
Portfolio Linked Notes
Payments in respect of Portfolio Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to a portfolio of 
underlyings as the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. Portfolio Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by physical delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes. 
Portfolio Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in 
the Additional Terms and Condition for Portfolio Linked Notes.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme
15
(xvi)
Preference Share Linked Notes
The redemption Amount payable in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the performance of a single specified preference share of the Preference Share Issuer 
as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant purchaser(s) and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Preference Share Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption as more fully described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes.
(xvii)
Warrant Linked Notes
The redemption amount payable in respect of Warrant Linked Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the performance of warrants issued by the Warrants Issuer as agreed between the Fiduciary and 
the relevant purchaser(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Warrant Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption as more fully described in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors
16
RISK FACTORS
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors 
associated with an investment in the Notes. You should carefully consider the following discussion 
of risks, and any risk factors included in the documents incorporated by reference herein.
The Fiduciary and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the failure of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor 
to pay interest (if any), principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur or arise for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Fiduciary or the Guarantor based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate.
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used 
in this section.
To the best of Fiduciary’s knowledge, in each category of Risk Factors, the risk factor identified by the 
Fiduciary as the most important appears first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not 
an indication of the importance or the likelihood of their occurrence.
1.
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP
Risk factors relating to Societe Generale group are detailed on pages 152 to 162 of the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document, pages 30 to 32 of the First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document] 
incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").
2.
RISKS RELATING TO THE FIDUCIARY AND THE GUARANTOR
2.1
Factors that may affect the Fiduciary's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes
The Fiduciary's activity consists inter alia in issuing debt securities and the funds collected are 
systematically deposited with Societe Generale in the form of either term loans or swap contracts 
and pursuant to which the Fiduciary will receive from Societe Generale the amounts due under the 
Notes.  The Fiduciary's ability to make payments under the Notes will therefore depend primarily on 
the performance of its obligations by Societe Generale under such hedging transactions entered into 
between the Fiduciary and Societe Generale.
-
In respect of Repack Notes, specific factors that may affect the Fiduciary’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations
In respect of Repack Notes, in case of a payment default by the Fiduciary (meaning other than 
following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice), the Noteholders have no recourse against 
the Fiduciary and will only have recourse under the Collateral Assets contained in the Collateral Pool 
of the relevant Series of Notes.
The liquidation proceeds of the Collateral Assets contained in the Collateral Pool may not be sufficient 
to cover the sums due under the Notes and Noteholders may loose part or all of their investment in 
the Notes.
-
In respect of Secured Notes, specific factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Guarantee
With respect to Secured Notes, in the case of a default of the Fiduciary following the delivery of a 
Collateral Liquidation Notice, where the liquidation proceeds of the Collateral Assets in the Collateral 
Pool are not sufficient to cover the final redemption amount, Noteholders will only have recourse 
against the Guarantor with respect to the shortfall, therefore Noteholders are exposed to the credit 
risk of Societe Generale as Guarantor. 
Therefore, the exposure of the Noteholders to the credit risk of the Guarantor will depend on the level 
of Collateralisation Percentage of such Secured Notes. The less the Secured Notes have a high 
Collateralisation Percentage, the more such Notes will be exposed to the creditworthiness of the 
Guarantor. Societe Generale’s credit ratings are an assessment of its ability to honour its

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors
17
commitments. Consequently, any actual or anticipated downgrades of Societe Generale’s credit 
ratings may affect the market value of the Notes. If Societe Generale is subject to measures in respect 
of the regulations relating to the statutory bail-in mechanism (bail-in), Noteholders’ claim may be 
reduced to zero, converted into equity (shares) or debt securities or undergo a maturity 
postponement.
2.2
Information in relation to the lack of independence of the Guarantor - Conflict of interest
Societe Generale will act as the Guarantor of the Notes and also as provider of hedging instruments 
to the Fiduciary. As a result, investors will be exposed not only to the credit risk of Societe Generale 
but also to operational risks arising from the lack of independence of Societe Generale, in assuming 
its duties and obligations as the Guarantor and provider of the hedging instruments. Whilst 
compliance procedures require effective segregation of duties and responsibilities between the 
relevant divisions within the Guarantor, the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be wholly 
eliminated. 
The Group provides a full array of capital market products and advisory services worldwide including 
the issuance of "structured notes” where interest and/or principal is/are linked to the performance of 
underlying assets, and may possess or acquire material and/or confidential information about the 
underlying assets and/or the reference entities which is not public knowledge and which are or could 
be important to the Notes. 
Such business activities and such material and/or confidential information may cause consequences 
adverse to the Noteholders. Such actions and conflicts may include, without limitation, the exercise 
of voting power, the purchase and sale of securities, financial advisory relationships and exercise of 
creditor rights. The Fiduciary, the Guarantor and any other member of the Group have no obligation 
to disclose such information about such underlying assets or the obligors to which they relate or the 
reference entities. The Fiduciary, the Guarantor and any other member of the Group and their officers 
and directors may engage in any such activities without regard to the Notes or the effect that such 
activities may directly or indirectly have on any Note.
The Calculation Agent, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agent and the Exchange Agent may be all part of the Group. A deterioration of Societe Generale's 
credit risk would have a negative impact on the obligations of each of the entities listed above in 
relation to the Notes. If one of these entities does not respect its obligations towards the Fiduciary 
and/or the Guarantor, this could have a negative impact on the Noteholders.
3.
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES
3.1
Risks related to the characteristics of the Notes
3.1.1
Risks linked to Notes including a risk of capital loss
For Notes which include a risk of capital loss, the redemption value of such Notes may be less than 
the amount initially invested. In a worst case scenario, investors may lose their entire investment. 
Moreover, regardless of the level of the capital protection, the investor may lose part or all of the 
initially invested amount, if the Notes are sold by the investor before the maturity date.
3.1.2
Risks linked to Notes offering a full capital protection at maturity date
For Notes which offer a full capital protection (100%) of the Specified Denomination at maturity date, 
the investor may, however, lose part or all of the initially invested amount if the Notes are sold by the 
investor before the maturity date (since the value of the Notes during their lifetime may be lower than 
the amount of the capital protection due to market fluctuations).
3.1.3
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Fiduciary
The Final Terms may specify that Notes can be subject to an early redemption which can be triggered 
at the Fiduciary’s sole discretion either on certain predefined dates or at any time during the life of 
the Notes. The possibility of an early redemption of the Notes at the Fiduciary’s discretion may limit

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors
18
the market value of such Notes. Before or during each period during which the Fiduciary  may elect 
to redeem the Notes, their market value will not rise substantially above their redemption price and 
the Noteholders will not benefit from the subsequent performance of the underlying(s).
3.1.4
Notes subject to automatic redemption
The Final Terms may specify that Notes can be subject to an automatic redemption if the level of the 
underlying(s) becomes higher than, equal to or below one or more predefined level(s) on either 
predefined dates or at any time during the life of the Notes. As a result, for those Notes when the 
level of the underlying(s) reaches the predefined level(s), the Noteholders will not benefit from the 
performance of the underlying(s) subsequent to such event.
3.1.5
Early redemption at the option of the Fiduciary (following a Tax Event, Special Tax Event, 
Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event, Fiduciary Event or Bond Event Determination Date or 
for a decrease in issuance size)
The Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may decide to redeem early the Notes 
at market value upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, a change in law 
or regulation, including tax law, or a force majeure event affecting the Fiduciary, or following the 
occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or a Bond Event Determination Date, or an entity of its group, if the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of such Notes equals or falls below 10% of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of such Notes). This could result in Noteholders receiving an early 
redemption amount which may be lower than the amount of the initial investment (regardless of the 
level of capital protection at maturity, if any) and being redeemed earlier than they had anticipated 
and the Noteholders will not benefit from the performance of the underlying(s) subsequent to such 
event.
3.1.6
Risks related to adjustment, substitution or cancellation of the Notes
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes give the Calculation Agent a certain discretion to determine 
whether any event(s) affecting the Notes or the underlying(s) has occurred in accordance with such 
Terms and Conditions. The Calculation Agent also has certain discretion in order to determine the 
consequences thereof for the Notes, the underlying(s) or the hedging transactions, including 
determination of the price of the underlying(s) and the choice between (a) mechanisms to adjust or 
substitute the underlying(s), (b) the deduction of the increase in the cost of hedging of any amount 
due, (c) the monetisation and, consequently, the de-indexation of the formula of the Notes for all or 
part of the amounts due under the Notes on the underlying(s) and (d) the early redemption of the 
Notes by the Fiduciary, without any obligation to take into account the interest of the Noteholders. In 
the absence of manifest or proven error, these adjustments, substitutions or cancellation decisions 
will be binding upon the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Agent and the Noteholders. Each of these 
measures imposed on the Notes may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested, 
regardless of the level of capital protection of the Notes, if any.
3.1.7
Trading in the Notes and/or Underlyings may be suspended, interrupted or terminated
If the Notes are listed on one (or more) regulated or unregulated markets, the trading of such Notes 
may – depending on the rules applicable to such markets – be suspended or interrupted by the 
respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority upon the occurrence of a number of 
reasons, including violation of price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of operational 
problems of the stock exchange or generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning 
market or to safeguard the interests of investors. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be 
terminated, either upon decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority. Where trading in an 
Underlying of the Notes is suspended, interrupted or terminated, trading in the respective Notes will 
usually also be suspended, interrupted or terminated and existing orders for the sale or purchase of 
such Notes will usually be cancelled. Investors should note that the Fiduciary has no influence on 
trading suspension or interruptions and that investors in any event must bear the risks connected 
therewith. In particular, investors may not be able to sell their Notes where trading is suspended,

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors
19
interrupted or terminated, and the stock exchange quotations of such Notes may not adequately 
reflect the price of such Notes. All these risks would, if they materialise, have a material adverse 
effect on the Notes.
3.1.8
Risk of leveraged exposure
The redemption formula of certain Notes may embed a leverage factor increasing the exposure to 
the relevant underlying and will amplify both return and losses. While the use of leverage allows for 
potential multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the applicable underlying moves 
in the anticipated direction, it will conversely magnify losses when such underlying moves against 
expectations of investors. Prospective investors should note that Notes will involve a higher level of 
risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses may be higher than those of a similar security 
which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in such Notes if they fully understand 
the effects of the leverage that may be embedded in such Notes whose market value may be 
significantly more volatile than the market value of Notes that do not have this feature.
3.1.9
Risks relating to the Paying Agent
Any payments to Noteholders will be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary. The 
Fiduciary shall transfer to the Paying Agent such amount as may be due under the Notes on or before 
each date on which such payment in respect of the Notes becomes due. 
If the Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is 
declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or any part) of amounts due to them in 
respect of the Notes from the Paying Agent in which case Noteholders will have to claim payments 
directly to the Fiduciary. 
3.1.10 Hedging and trading activity by the Guarantor and other members of the Group could 
potentially affect the value of the Notes
In the ordinary course of their business, whether or not they will engage in any secondary market 
making activities, the Guarantor and/or any other members of the Group may effect transactions for 
their own account or for the account of their customers and hold long or short positions in any 
underlying or reference asset(s), reference entities or obligors or related derivatives. 
These transactions may affect the Fiduciarys' hedging positions  which could in turn impact the 
market value of the Notes.
3.1.11 Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Fiduciary will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes.
The Fiduciary may issue Dual Currency Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies 
which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Accordingly an 
investment in Dual Currency Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange 
investment and prospective investors should take advice accordingly.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors
20
3.1.12 Partly Paid Notes
The Fiduciary may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one part payment by 
the investor. Failure by the investor to pay any subsequent part payment could result in an investor 
losing some or all of his investment. In the event that investors purchase Partly Paid Notes on the 
secondary market prior to all the part payments being made and these Notes being fully paid up, 
such investors incur the risk to be required to pay such remaining part payments in addition to the 
price they paid to purchase these Notes.
3.1.13 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and 
any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the market value of such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. If the Fiduciary converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the floating rate may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes. If the Fiduciary converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes.
3.1.14 Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount to or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. The longer the remaining term of such Notes, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
3.1.15 Risks relating to Physical Delivery Notes
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets, if a Settlement Disruption Event 
occurs or exists on the due date for redemption of the Notes and prevents delivery of the asset, the 
Fiduciary shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Note, the 
fair market value of the number of Underlying(s) (the Fair Market Value) to be delivered converted 
into the Specified Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. The Fair Market Value will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the market conditions on the first Business Day 
following the Delivery Period.
3.1.16 Risks relating to Notes referencing a benchmark
In accordance with the provisions of General Condition 4 of the General Terms and Condition of the 
Notes, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to 
Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 
and applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, 
or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the provisions of General 
Condition 4.2.3.5 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which seek to mitigate any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular:

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors
21
- an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including 
the Fiduciary) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if 
based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
- if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, 
Noteholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than would have been the 
case without such changes. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes – please refer to the risk 
factor entitled "The occurrence of an Index Event could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" below). Depending on 
the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free 
overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when 
the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this 
period until the end of 2025, if necessary. The Amending Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021. 
The FCA has confirmed on 5 March 2021 that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by 
any administrator or no longer be representative: 
- immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese 
yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar settings; and 
- immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors
22
Regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs, 
such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, and have identified 'risk free rates' to replace such IBORs as primary 
benchmarks. This includes (amongst others) (i) for GBP LIBOR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA"), so that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the 
end of 2021, (ii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be eventually 
established as the primary U.S. dollar interest rate benchmark, and (iii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a 
new Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR" or "EuroSTR") as the new euro risk-free rate. Similar initiatives 
are currently underway in respect of each of the LIBOR rates in other currencies -– i.e. Japanese 
Yen (IBOR), Honk Kong Dollar (HIBOR), Swiss franc (CHF LIBOR), Australian dollar (BBSW) and 
Canadian dollar (CDOR) – to transition over to identified alternative risk free rates.   
The occurrence of an Index Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks”.
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes, occurrence of certain events affecting the 
benchmarks (each an Index Event) such as loss of any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the 
Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate, the permanent cessation of 
the Reference Rate or the loss of representativeness of the Reference Rate will trigger the application 
of certain fallbacks arrangements including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other 
relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap rate) becomes 
unavailable, or if the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are 
no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under 
the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference 
to a Replacement Reference Rate  with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread (which, 
if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark) (both as defined 
in General Condition 3.2.3.7 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
Investors should note that, the Calculation Agent will have a certain discretion to determine the 
Replacement Reference, a Rate  and as the case may be the Adjustment Spread in the 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial 
consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment 
may not be favourable to such Noteholder. 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. These risk-free rates have a different methodology and other important differences from 
the IBORs they will eventually replace. Any of these developments could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on Notes linked to any such rates.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes.   
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows Notes referencing inter alia SONIA, SOFR, the Euro 
short term rate ("€STR"), SARON, TONA to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation 
to risk free rates, as reference rate in the capital markets, and their adoption as alternative to the 
relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of 
risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors
23
The nascent development of the use of these risk free rates as interest reference rate for bond 
markets, as well as continued development of risk free rates-based rates for such markets and of the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility 
or  could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free 
rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
In addition, the Fiduciary or Calculation Agent has no control over the determination, calculation or 
publication of these risk-free rates. There can be no guarantee that they will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
These risk-free rates may fail to gain market acceptance and any market of the Notes indexed on 
these rates may be illiquid and unpredictable. Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data 
concerning these risk free rates. The investors are exposed to some discretion of the Calculation 
Agent to determine the interest rate that will replace the benchmarks that will cease to be published 
or used and to calculate the amount of interest needed to calculate the amounts due under the Notes 
on the basis of the risk-free rates.  
3.1.17 Risks relating to legal, tax and regulatory changes
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the Notes that may adversely affect 
the Notes, the underlying, related derivatives or the collateral assets in the case of Secured Notes. 
The regulatory environment is evolving, and changes in the regulation of any entities may adversely 
affect their value. Regulators and self-regulatory organisations and exchanges are authorised to take 
extraordinary actions in the event of market emergencies. The regulation of securities and derivatives 
transactions is an evolving area of law and is subject to modification by government and judicial 
action. The effect of any future regulatory change on the underlying, related derivatives or on the 
collateral assets could be material, including clearing and margin requirements for derivatives and 
consequently may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom 
or connected therewith) are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to such laws, 
or the official application or interpretation of such laws or administrative practices after the date of 
this Base Prospectus.
3.1.18 Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi (RMB)
RMB foreign exchange control risk
RMB is not completely freely convertible at present, and the conversion of RMB into other currencies 
is subject to exchange controls imposed by the PRC government. New PRC regulations may be 
promulgated or any existing RMB clearing and settlement arrangements may be terminated or 
amended in the future which may have the effect of restricting availability of RMB outside the PRC. 
The limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of Notes denominated in 
RMB. 
The current size of RMB denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. The control of 
currency conversion and movements in RMB exchange rates may adversely affect RMB 
denominated assets which may in turn affect notes linked to such assets.
RMB currency risk
All payments of RMB under the Notes to the Noteholders will be made solely by transfer to a RMB 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre outside the PRC in which a bank clears 
and settles Renminbi (RMB Settlement Centre) in accordance with the prevailing rules and

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors
24
regulations and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Fiduciary cannot be 
required to make payment in relation to Notes denominated in RMB by any other means (including 
in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC), unless a Renminbi Currency 
Event (as defined in General Condition 5.12) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the access to RMB for the purposes of making payments 
under the Notes or generally may remain or will not become restricted. If it becomes impossible to 
convert RMB from/to another freely convertible currency, or transfer RMB between accounts in Hong 
Kong (or any other RMB Settlement Centre), or to remit RMB into or out of the PRC, or the general 
RMB exchange market becomes illiquid, any payment of RMB under the Notes may be delayed or 
the Fiduciary may make such payments in another currency selected by the Fiduciary using an 
exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent, or the Fiduciary may redeem the Notes by 
making payment in another currency.
RMB exchange rate risk
The value of RMB against other currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the PRC and 
international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. As a result, the value of 
any payments of RMB (in any applicable foreign currencies) may vary with the prevailing exchange 
rates in the marketplace. If the value of RMB depreciates against other currencies, the value of an 
investor's investment in such other currencies will decline.
RMB interest rate risk
Where applicable, the value of payments of RMB under the Notes may be susceptible to interest rate 
fluctuations, including Chinese RMB Repo Rates and/or the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate 
(SHIBOR). The PRC government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent 
years. Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. Furthermore, due to the foreign 
exchange control imposed by the applicable PRC laws and regulations and the prevailing market 
conditions, the RMB interest rate in the markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the 
RMB interest rate in the PRC.
Payments with respect to Notes denominated in RMB may be made only in the manner 
designated in such Notes
Noteholders may be required to provide certification and other information (including RMB account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in RMB in accordance with the RMB clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. All payments to investors in respect of 
Notes denominated in RMB will be made solely (i) for so long as Notes denominated in RMB are 
represented by Global Notes or Registered Global Notes held with the Common Depositary or 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a RMB bank account maintained in Hong Kong or 
(ii) for so long as Notes denominated in RMB are in definitive form, by transfer to a RMB bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than described 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Fiduciary cannot be required to make payment by any 
other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a 
bank account in the PRC).
3.2
Risks relating to the market of the Notes
3.2.1
Market value of the Notes
At any time, the market value of the Notes depends essentially on changes in market parameters 
(price level of the underlying(s), interest rates, volatility and credit spreads) and may therefore result 
in a risk of total or partial loss on the amount initially invested.
3.2.2
Risks on secondary market of the Notes
If the Notes are subject to market making agreements, the aim is to ensure the liquidity of the Notes 
on the markets where they are traded, assuming normal market conditions and normally functioning

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors
25
IT systems.  Certain exceptional market circumstances may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or may have to sell them at a price that 
significantly affects the amount they earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the amount 
invested. 
Certain Notes have materially relevant liquidity risk. Certain exceptional market circumstances may 
adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes. Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
may have to sell them at a price that significantly affects the amount they earn. This may result in a 
partial or total loss of the amount invested.
There may be no market on which Notes may be traded, which may have a material adverse effect 
on the price at which such Notes could be resold and may result in the total or partial loss of the 
amount invested. The Notes may be completely illiquid and may not be able to be resold.
3.2.3
Reinvestment risks
The Notes may be redeemed or be subject to cancellation at a time when an investor generally would 
not be able to reinvest the proceeds at an expected yield as high as the return on the Notes being 
early redeemed or cancelled, as the case may be, and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower yield. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
4.
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO STRUCTURED NOTES
The redemption amounts at maturity or otherwise, and / or the interest amounts due under Structured 
Notes are calculated by reference to the prices of the underlying assets. depending on the indexing 
formula for these amounts, it being specified that the past performance of an underlying asset does 
not in any way prejudge its future performance. Potential investors are exposed to the risk of not 
receiving interest, and / or losing all or a substantial part of the amount invested. The issuers or 
owners of assets underlying the Notes do not participate in the offer of the Notes and have no 
obligation to take into account the interests of the Noteholders, when they take decisions likely to 
affect the value of these assets.
4.1
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to an Index 
The policies of the sponsor of an index as regards additions, deletions and substitutions of the assets 
underlying the index and the manner in which the index sponsor takes account of certain changes 
affecting such underlying assets may affect the value of the index. 
The policies of an index sponsor with respect to the calculation of an index could also affect the value 
of the index. An index sponsor may discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of 
information relating to its index. Any such actions could affect the value of the Notes.
An index sponsor may at any time during the life of the Notes discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of information relating to its index. As a consequence investors in Index Linked Notes 
are exposed to the risk of discontinuance of the operational capacity and expertise of the Index 
Sponsor to ensure the calculation and maintenance of the index according to the methodology in 
force throughout the life of the Notes.
4.2
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to an SGI Index
The composition of certain indices to which the Notes are linked, and the methodologies used in 
relation to these indices, can be determined and selected by Societe Generale or one of its related 
companies. In the choice of these methodologies, it can be expected that Societe Generale or the 
relevant related company of Societe Generale will take into account its own objectives and interests 
and / or those of the Group, and no guarantee can be given that the  methodologies chosen will not 
be less favorable for the interests of investors than the methodologies used by other index sponsors 
in comparable circumstances.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors
26
If the hedging activities of Societe Generale or one of its related companies are disrupted in relation 
to a particular index, Societe Generale or the related company concerned may decide to end the 
calculations of this index, sooner than would another index sponsor in comparable circumstances. 
This could cause adjustments, de-indexation, substitution of the Index or, the early redemption of the 
Notes.
Conflicts of interest in connection with proprietary indices
Societe Generale acts as sponsor of proprietary indices (SGI Indices). These indices are calculated 
by an external calculation agent in accordance with rules which describe the methodology for 
determining the composition and calculation of these proprietary indices (the Rules).
(i) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed in a discretionary basis by Societe Generale or 
an affiliate of Societe Generale to which Notes are linked,  Societe Generale may face a 
conflict of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Notes and as a composer of 
these indices, given that the determination of the composition of these indices may have an 
impact on the value of the Notes.
(ii) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed by a third party to which the Notes are linked, 
Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as issuer of these 
Notes and as a sponsor of these indices, insofar as it can modify or supplement the Rules, 
in accordance with the Rules, which may have an impact on the value of the Notes.
(iii) 
With regard to proprietary indices composed by the application of a mathematical formula in 
a non-discretionary manner by Societe Generale or any third party, Societe Generale may 
face a conflict of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Notes and as a sponsor 
of these indices, insofar as it may modify, in accordance with the Rules, certain parameters 
(such as the funding spread) or provide the assessment of certain components, which may 
have an impact on the value of the Notes.
4.3
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to a Fund
4.3.1
Risks relating to underlying Funds
Some Funds may have little or no oversight and regulation, which can increase the likelihood of fraud 
and negligence on the part of Fund managers and / or investment advisers, their brokerage firm or 
the banks.
The Funds may include complex tax structures and deferrals in the distribution of important tax 
information.
The Funds on which Structured Notes may be indexed may not publish information on their 
transactions and portfolios.
The members of the Group may from time to time obtain information on specific Funds which may 
not be available to the general public in the ordinary course of their business, and not in relation to 
the offer of Notes (including as funds which are managed by managers part of Societe Generale 
group). As part of the ordinary course of their business, Group members may recommend, or decide 
not to recommend, certain specific Funds to their customers which may appear, currently or in the 
future, among the underlying funds used in the redemption formula of Structured Notes. All the 
positions that may be taken by the members of the Group in respect of the expected future 
performance of one or more funds (including in respect of funds which are managed by managers 
part of Societe Generale group) do not constitute an indication of the future performance of this/these 
funds.
4.3.2
Fund managers' investment strategies
The fund managers (including a manager that is part of Societe Generale group) do not participate 
in the offer of the Notes in any way and have no obligation to take into account the interest of the 
Noteholders in taking measures which could have an impact on the value of the shares or units of 
the underlying funds and therefore on the value of the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors
27
The manager and / or investment advisor of the Underlying Fund who implements the investment 
strategy of the Fund may decide to invest in financial assets or instruments which themselves carry 
risk with a view to maximizing profits, including by borrowing amounts that may represent more than 
100% of the Fund's asset value. The manager and / or investment adviser may be all the more 
encouraged when his remuneration is indexed to the performance of the Fund. These elements can 
have a significant negative impact on the share / share of the Underlying Fund and therefore on the 
value of the Notes.
4.3.3
Fund managers and/or investment advisors of the underlying fund(s)
The performance of underlying Fund(s) will depend to a considerable extent on the performance of 
the fund's managers and/or investment advisors of the Fund(s). Investors in Fund Linked Notes are 
therefore exposed to the risk of fraud and misrepresentation by unaffiliated fund managers or 
investment advisers. In addition, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may be removed 
or replaced, the allocation of assets may vary from time to time and the various positions of the 
investments of the underlying Fund(s) may be economically offsetting, all of which may affect the 
performance of the underlying Fund(s).
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise other funds and/or 
accounts and may have financial and other incentives to favour such other funds and/or accounts 
over the underlying Fund(s). Also, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage 
or advise for their own accounts and the accounts of their clients and may make recommendations 
or take positions similar or dissimilar to those of the underlying Fund(s) or which may compete with 
the underlying Fund(s).
4.3.4
Fees, deductions and charges will reduce any amounts due by the Fiduciary under the Notes
Fund fees and expenses will be deducted from the net asset value of the fund that may offset the 
Fund's trading profits, and hence reduce the value of the Fund units.
Accordingly, to the extent that any amount due by the Fiduciary under the Notes is linked to the net 
asset value of a fund, such amount payable to Noteholders will be less than it would have been 
absent these fees, deductions and charges.
4.3.5
The illiquidity of the underlying Fund's investments or the occurrence of certain extraordinary 
events may cause the payment of the Final or Early Redemption Amount and/or any 
Intermediary  Amount or any amount due by the relevant Fiduciary under the Notes to be 
reduced or delayed
Intermediary amounts or final redemption amounts  and other relevant amounts due to investors in 
Fund Linked Notes depend on the redemption proceeds of the units / shares of the Fund which will 
be paid by the underlying under a valid redemption order given by a hypothetical investor with effect 
as of the relevant valuation date. Substantial redemption orders on units/shares of an underlying 
Fund on a particular day (including by Societe Generale in liquidating the hedge relating to Structured 
Notes) could require such funds to liquidate positions more rapidly than would be otherwise desirable 
and have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. Many funds have provisions whereby 
redemption requests are scaled back if the aggregate amount of such requests reaches a 
predetermined limit or where redemption orders can be delayed or suspended discretionarily.
Investments of the underlying Fund may also not be readily saleable on or shortly after a redemption 
order if they are illiquid.
If the proceeds from the redemption of the units or shares have not been paid by the underlying Fund 
on the initially Scheduled Maturity Date or on any early redemption date, the payment of the 
intermediate amounts or final redemption amounts or any amount due by the Fiduciary may be 
postponed after the maturity date up to a maximum period of two years or as specified in the Final 
Terms. If at the expiry of this period, the underlying Fund has not paid in full the redemption proceeds 
or the units or shares, the intermediate and final redemption amounts or any amount due by the 
Fiduciary shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of what has actually been paid 
by the underlying Fund. The amount received by the investors in the Notes may be as low as zero.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors
28
4.3.6
Risks relating to master-feeder structure
The underlying Fund(s) may invest as a “feeder” fund of a “master” fund, alongside present and future 
additional investors or feeder funds.
The underlying Fund(s) may be materially affected by the actions of such other investors and feeder 
funds investing in the master fund, particularly if they have large investments in the master fund. If 
such other investors or feeder funds with a large investment in the master fund redeem from the 
master fund, illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make it difficult for the master fund to 
liquidate positions on favourable terms to effect such redemption, which could result in losses or a 
decrease in the net asset value of the unit/share of the master fund and hence in the market value 
of the Notes. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager may need to liquidate the 
master fund's most liquid investments; leaving remaining investors (including the underlying fund(s)) 
invested in more illiquid instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund with a less 
diversified pool of investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the master fund, and, 
ultimately, the Notes. Conversely, the sub-manager of the master-fund may refuse a redemption 
request if it believes that such request, if fulfilled, would have a material adverse impact on the 
remaining investors of the master fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity of the master fund 
and, therefore, the underlying fund(s) and the Notes.
4.4
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to Credit
Noteholders are exposed, from a date specified in the applicable Final Terms which may be earlier 
than the date of their decision to invest in the Notes or the Issue Date, to events related to the 
creditworthiness of the Reference Entities. Upon the occurrence of such events, the redemption 
amount paid or the value of the underlying assets received at maturity of the Notes (after deduction 
of the costs, break funding charges, loss of funding, tax and duties) determined by reference to the 
value of the debt of the Reference Entity may be less than the invested amount. In addition, interest-
bearing Credit Linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of occurrence of such 
circumstances.
In certain circumstances the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is 
established and valuation may be as long as 180 days. Therefore, settlement, or as the case may 
be, notice that no amount is due under the Credit Linked Notes, may occur several months after the 
relevant Credit Event on a date which may be much later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Notes.
4.4.1
Risk in respect of Credit Linked Notes on Tranche Notes
Tranche Notes are Notes which are exposed to the credit risk of a list of Reference Entities, starting 
from an attachment point and ending on a detachment point (both expressed in percentages by 
reference to such list of Reference Entities). 
The principal and interest payable to the Noteholder will start to be impacted when the sum of losses 
incurred on the list of Reference Entities will have reached the attachment point, and 100% of the 
principal and interest payable to the Noteholder will be fully lost when the sum of losses will have 
reached the detachment point. The sum of such losses is expressed in percentages by reference to 
the list of Reference Entities. 
Compared to an investment in a basket of the same list of Reference Entities, investment in Tranche 
Notes creates a leverage effect on the credit risk exposure of the Reference Entities.  When the 
trigger threshold for a credit event is reached, the principal and interest payable to the Noteholder 
will be impacted more strongly the closer the detachment point is and the faster the detachment point 
is reached. The leverage effect comes from the impact of each affected Reference Entity in Tranche 
Notes once the attachment point has been reached. The leverage effect depends on the width of the 
tranche (detachment point minus attachment point) and is much higher compared to the impact the 
same Reference Entity has in a basket of Reference Entities which are not Tranche Notes.
4.4.2
Risk in respect of Credit Linked Notes on Basket Notes

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors
29
In respect of Basket Notes, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, 
the lower the Cash Redemption Amount will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, the 
greater the impact of a Credit Event affecting one of them will be on the Final Redemption Amount.
4.4.3
Risk in respect of Credit Linked Notes on bespoke Basket Notes
In respect of bespoke Basket Notes, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit 
Event, the lower the Cash Redemption Amount will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, 
the greater the imact of a Credit Event affecting one of them will be on the Final Redemption Amount.
The concentration of the Reference Entities in any one industry or geographic region would subject 
the Notes to a greater degree of risk with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry or 
geographic region.
4.4.4
Increased risk in respect of First-to-Default Notes
First-to-Default Notes are Notes where the credit risk to the Noteholder is materialised on the 
occurrence of the first credit event of any Reference Entity in a basket of Reference Entities. 
Given that the credit risk to the Noteholder can materialise on the occurrence of the first credit 
event of any Reference Entity in the basket, the Noteholder can lose a significant part or all of 
its investment in the Notes as soon as one single Reference Entity in the basket becomes 
subject to a credit event. In addition, the more Reference Entities there are in the basket of 
Reference Entities, the more likely it is that a credit event can occur, and the greater the degree 
of risk that the Noteholder may lose its entire principal invested in the Notes.Valuation and 
settlement in case of Credit Event.
Under the terms of the Notes, where Societe Generale acts as Calculation Agent, it may, for the 
purposes of determining the Cash Redemption Amount under the Quotation Dealers Method or the 
Physical Delivery Amount following one or more Credit Event(s), select obligations with the lowest 
price of any obligations which meet the relevant criteria.
4.4.5
Floating recovery
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
provide that the Calculation Agent will, depending on the election mentioned in the related Final 
Terms, determine the Final Value either by obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers in respect 
of Selected Obligation(s) or by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. In this regard, 
investors should note that: (A) the Final Value as determined by reference to Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms may be lower than the Final Value determined otherwise and will typically reduce 
the Cash Redemption Amount; and (B) (i) if Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are not published 
or (ii) a Fallback Settlement Event occurs within a certain period and if it is not possible to obtain 
quotations from Quotation Dealers for the Selected Obligations within a further period, the Final Value 
of the Selected Obligations will be deemed to be zero and therefore the Cash Redemption Amount 
will be equal to zero.
4.4.6
Fixed Recovery 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which can be zero), the terms of 
the Credit Linked Notes provide that the Final Value of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the fixed percentage of the Notional Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which can be zero).
This percentage may be lower than the recovery value, which would have been determined by 
reference to prices quoted by market participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect 
of such Reference Entity, or even be equal to zero.
4.4.7 Deferral of valuation and/or payments
In certain circumstances the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is 
established and valuation may be as long as 180 days therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, 
notice that no amount is due under the Credit Linked Notes, may occur several months after the

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors
30
relevant Credit Event on a date which may be much later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Notes.
4.5
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to a Foreign Exchange Rate
The performance of Foreign Exchange Rates, currency units or units of account are dependent upon 
the supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are 
subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate 
differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, fiscal 
and monetary policy, government debt, currency convertibility and safety of making financial 
investments in the currency concerned, speculation and intervening measures taken by governments 
and central banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or 
taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or 
exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange 
controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange 
rates as well as the availability of a specified currency. Any such measures could have a negative 
impact on the performance of a Foreign Exchange Rate and consequently the value of the Notes. 
Currency exchange risks can be expected to heighten in periods of financial turmoil. In periods of 
financial turmoil, capital can move quickly out of regions that are perceived to be more vulnerable to 
the effects of a crisis with sudden and severely adverse consequences to the currencies of those 
regions as a result. In addition,governments around the world have recently made, and may be 
expected to continue to make, very significant interventions in their economies, and sometimes 
directly in their currencies. It is not possible to predict the effect of any future legal or regulatory action 
relating to a currency. Further interventions, other government actions or suspensions of actions, as 
well as other changes in government economic policy or other financial or economic events affecting 
the currency markets - including the replacement of entire currencies with new currencies – may 
cause Foreign Exchange Rates to fluctuate sharply in the future, which could have a negative impact 
on the value of the Notes.
4.6
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to Preference Shares or Warrants
The market value of the Preference Shares or Warrants to which Notes are linked will fluctuate up or 
down depending on the performance of the relevant underlying(s) or basis of reference to which the 
Preference Shares or Warrants are linked (the Preference Share Underlying or Warrant Underlying) 
such as equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, exchange traded funds, 
commodities, credit, baskets of securities or indices, currencies, portfolios and trading strategies. 
The composition of the relevant Preference Share Underlying(s)/Warrant Underlying(s) may be 
designed to change over time as a result of performance or other factors. 
As a result, if the performance of the Preference Share Underlying/Warrant Underlying is negative, 
the value of the Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes will be adversely affected. 
Purchasers of Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes risk losing all or a part of their 
investment if the value of the Preference Shares/Warrants falls.
The basis and rate of taxation in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes 
and reliefs depend on each investor's individual circumstances and could change at any time. This 
could have a negative impact on the return of the Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked 
Notes. In the event that the Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes pay a coupon 
other than on redemption (such term including early or final redemption), prospective investors should 
be aware that such coupon will likely be subject to income tax.
4.7
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to Inflation
The level of an Inflation Index may lag or otherwise not track the actual level of inflation in the relevant 
jurisdiction.
Inflation Indices may not correlate with other indices and may not correlate perfectly with the rate of 
inflation observed by purchasers of the Inflation Linked Notes in such jurisdiction. The value of the

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors
31
Inflation Linked Notes which are linked to an Inflation Index may be based on a calculation made by 
reference to such Inflation Index for a month which is several months prior to the date of payment on 
the Inflation Linked Notes and therefore could be substantially different from the level of inflation at 
the time of the payment on the Inflation Linked Notes.
Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to an Inflation Index, e.g., the Inflation Index level 
has not been published or is discontinued or is corrected or such Inflation Index is rebased or 
materially modified, then depending on the particular event, the Fiduciary may determine the level, 
substitute the original Inflation Index,adjust the terms and conditions of the Inflation Linked Notes or 
redeem the Inflation Linked Notes. Any such event and its consequences may have an adverse effect 
on the value of the Inflation Linked Notes.
4.8
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to ETP and to ETF
4.8.1
Exchange traded products and Exchange traded funds are subject to market trading risks
An ETP or an ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the potential lack 
of an active market, losses from trading in secondary markets, periods of high volatility, limited 
liquidity and disruption in the creation or redemption process of such ETP or such ETF. If any of 
these risks materialises, this may lead to the ETP or ETF shares trading at a premium or discount to 
its fair market value.
4.8.2
Action or non-performance by the ETP issuer, the sponsor of the ETP or the Calculation Agent 
or by the management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF that may adversely 
affect the Notes
In case of an ETP Linked Notes, the ETP issuer and/or the sponsor of the ETP and in case of an 
ETF Linked Notes, the management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have no 
involvement in the offer and sale of the Notes and will have no obligation to any purchaser of such 
Notes. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an ETP will rely on the ETP issuer, 
the sponsor of the ETP and the Calculation Agent and an ETF will rely on the fund advisor, the 
investment advisor, the management company and/or on third parties providing services such as 
safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives or other instruments used by such ETF 
to employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of services of any such 
persons or institutions may expose an ETP or an ETF to lose value. Failure of procedures or systems, 
as well as human error or external events associated with, in case of an ETP, an ETP's issuer, 
sponsor or Calculation Agent and in case of an ETF, an ETF's management and/or administration, 
may reduce the value of the ETP or the ETF and affect the market value of the Notes.
4.8.3
Credit risk of the issuer of the ETP or the ETF
The value of the ETP Linked Notes or the ETF Linked Notes is dependent on the value of the ETPs 
or the ETFs, which will depend in part on the creditworthiness of the issuer of the ETPs or of the 
ETFs, which may vary over the term of the relevant Notes.
4.8.4
Exposure to the ETP Underlying
ETPs usually aim to track the performance of an underlying financial instrument or basket thereof 
which may include, without limitation, listed equities, commodities, interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates, debt instruments, derivatives or any index thereof (the ETP Underlying). In addition, when 
compared to exchange traded funds, exposure to ETPs may involve a higher level of leverage and/or 
short exposures and/or more concentrated exposures.
Prospective investors should also consider the risk factors in respect of the risks involved in investing 
in ETPs including, without limitation, risks relating to the ETP Underlying and to the underlying 
economics of the ETPs. Consequently, prospective investors should review the ETP Conditions and 
consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.
4.8.5
Risk that the ETP does not accurately track its underlyings’ performance

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors
32
Where the Notes are linked to an ETP, Noteholders are exposed to the performance of such ETP 
and not necessarily the performance of the ETP Underlying. Accordingly, investors who purchase 
Notes that are linked to an ETP may receive a different return than if such investors had directly 
invested into the ETP units or the ETP Underlyings.
4.8.6
Where the underlying Asset is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such Exchange 
Traded Fund will not accurately track its underlying share or index
Where the Notes are linked to an exchange traded fund (an ETF) and the investment objective of 
such ETF is to track the performance of a share or an index, the investors of such Notes are exposed 
to the performance of such ETF rather than the underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For 
certain reasons, including to comply with certain tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be 
able to track or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share or index, which could give 
rise to a difference between the performance of the underlying share or index and such ETF. 
Accordingly, investors who purchase Notes that are linked to an ETF may receive a lower return than 
if such investors had invested in the share or the index underlying of such ETF directly.
4.8.7
Exchange traded funds not actively managed
When the investment objective of an ETF is to track the performance of an index or other asset, such 
ETF may be affected by general movements in market segments related to the index or other asset 
it is tracking. Such an ETF invests in instruments included in, or that are representative of, the index 
or other asset it is tracking regardless of their investment merits.
4.8.8
Exchange traded funds may engage in securities lending
Securities lending involves the risk that the ETF may lose money because the borrower of the ETF's 
loaned securities fails to return the securities in a timely manner or at all or that insufficient collateral 
has been posted in respect of such securities lending transaction.
4.9
Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to a Reference Rate
The performance of the Reference Rates is dependent on economic factors, including inflation rates 
in the relevant countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, monetary and fiscal 
policy, government debt, speculation and actions taken by governments and central banks.  Such 
factors could have a negative impact on the performance of the Reference Rate and consequently 
on the value of the Notes. These factors can be expected to intensify in periods of financial turmoil.
4.10
Risks relating to Future Linked Notes
An investment in Future Linked Notes may bear similar market risks as a direct investment in the 
relevant future contract(s). The value of the future contract(s) underlying the Notes may vary over 
time and may increase or decrease by reference to a variety of factors which include the factors 
affecting the Future Underlier, as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked 
Notes.
Futures contracts have a predetermined Expiry Date as defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Future Linked Notes. If the applicable Final Terms specify that Roll Adjustment applies, 
the Notes are valued by reference to futures contracts that have an Expiry Date that does not 
correspond to the term of the Notes, consequently the Calculation Agent will roll the Future Contracts 
(the Roll Adjustment) which means that the future contracts that is the closest to expiration (the 
Active Future Contract) will be replaced before it expires by a future contract that has an Expiry 
Date later in the future (the Next Active Future Contract).
On each Roll Date, the price of the Active Future Contract may be lower than (respectively higher 
than) the price of the Next Active Future Contract if the future curve is in contango (respectively in 
backwardation). The Roll Adjustment may as a consequence have either a positive or negative 
impact on the value of the Note. This may result in a partial or total loss of the investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors
33
In addition to the effects of contango and backwardation, each "roll" may generate costs that will be 
taken by the Calculation Agent. These costs correspond to the expenses incurred in replacing the 
futures contract (transaction costs) and may have an adverse effect on the return of the Notes.
Prospective purchasers of Notes should be aware that in respect of Notes on futures contract that 
are rolled, the potential negative impact on the value of the note induced by the roll may lead to a 
performance of the Notes lower than the performance that would have been generated by Notes on 
the Future Underlier itself. 
4.11
Risks relating to Portfolio Linked Notes
The market value of Portfolio Linked Notes will fluctuate up or down depending on the performance 
of the relevant components of the Portfolio such as equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, 
investments, funds, exchange traded funds, commodities, credit, baskets of securities or indices, 
currencies, portfolios and trading strategies. Such performance may be affected by changes in the 
value of the different components in the Portfolio to which the relevant issue of Portfolio Linked Notes 
relates. This value may be affected by (i) the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any component 
comprising the Portfolio may be traded, (ii) risks highlighted in section 4 (Risk factors relating to 
structured Notes) relating to individual types of underlyings which are included in the relevant 
Portfolio and (iii) other factors set out elsewhere in "Risk Factors". The composition of the Portfolio 
may be designed to change over time as a result of performance or other factors.
As a result, if the performance of the Portfolio is negative, the value of the Portfolio Linked Notes 
reference will be adversely affected. Purchasers of Portfolio Linked Notes risk losing all or a part of 
their investment if the value of the Portfolio falls.
Consequently, prospective investors, when considering investing in Portfolio Linked Notes, should 
also consider the risk factors linked to the Portfolio Components.
In addition, there may be correlation between price movements of one component and the price 
movements of another component of the Portfolio that may have a negative impact on the value of 
the Portfolio. As such, the value of Portfolio Linked Notes can therefore be volatile and this may result 
in Noteholders losing all, or a substantial part, of their investment.  
In addition, Portfolio Linked Notes may be subject to a number of costs which would negatively impact 
the value of the Portfolio Linked Notes. 
4.12
Risks relating to actively managed Portfolio Linked Notes
Exposure to the Dynamic Portfolio 
Holders of Notes linked to a Dynamic Portfolio are exposed to the risk of changes in the market value 
of such Notes resulting from both changes in the prices of the assets comprising the Dynamic 
Portfolio and recommendations for replacement or weighting of the assets comprising the Weighting 
Adviser's Portfolio. 
Risks relating to the Weighting Advisor
Investors in actively managed Portfolio Linked Notes are exposed to the risk of the operational 
capacity and expertise of the Weighting Adviser to provide recommendations for replacement or 
weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio throughout the life of the Notes. 
Even though the Fiduciary and the Calculation Agent have designated the Weighting Advisor, the 
Weighting Advisor shall act in the exclusive interest of the Noteholders. Consequently, the Weighting 
Advisor is exclusively responsible to the Noteholders for any recommendations for replacement or 
weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio or for any fraud, negligence or misrepresentation. 
In addition, in the event of termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, investors are exposed 
to the risk of de-indexation to the Dynamic Portfolio and a monetary return, replacement of the 
Weighting Advisor or early redemption of the Notes. 
Noteholders should refer to the Weighting Advisory Agreement for more information.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors
34
Risk of conflict of interests between the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and 
the Weighting Advisor and the Noteholders
The Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor, may engage in trading 
and other business activities relating to the Portfolio Components without regards to the Notes and 
that are not for the Noteholders' accounts or on behalf of the Noteholders.
5.
RISKS RELATING TO THE FIDUCIARY ASSETS AND THE FIDUCIARY STRUCTURE
5.1
Risks relating to the Fiduciary Assets
All payments to be made by the Fiduciary in respect of the Notes will only be due and payable from 
and to the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Fiduciary 
in respect of the Fiduciary Assets (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions).
Following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event, the claims of the Noteholders will be 
subordinated to certain other payment obligations owed by the Fiduciary as described in “Priority of 
Claims” below.
The Fiduciary Assets are limited to the claims of the Fiduciary against the Fiduciary Asset Obligors 
(as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) in respect of that Series of Notes.
Under the Law, Noteholders have no direct right of action against any Fiduciary Asset Obligor to 
enforce their rights under the Notes or to compel any Fiduciary Asset Obligor to comply with its 
obligations under the Collateral Assets, even in the case of the Fiduciary’s failure to act or the 
insolvency of the Fiduciary.
Lack of diversification of the Collateral Assets
In case of low diversification of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool pursuant to the Collateral 
Rules and the Eligibility Criteria, any depreciation in the value of such assets in the period between 
the most recent Collateral Test Date and the realisation of the Collateral Assets will have a 
proportionally larger impact on any shortfall as the amount recovered in respect of the Collateral 
Assets on their sale will be dependent on the then current market value of a smaller range of 
Collateral Assets.
"Haircut" applied to Collateral Assets
The level(s) of Haircut specified in the applicable Final Terms is intended to reflect the risk of a 
depreciation in the value of Collateral Assets in the period between the most recent Collateral Test 
Date and the date on which such Collateral Assets may be realised. Investors should note that the 
value of a Collateral Asset may change over time and the Haircut applied to the Collateral Assets 
may become outdated and may not provide suitable protection against a potential depreciation in 
value of the relevant Collateral Asset. 
Illiquid Collateral Assets
Certain of the Collateral Assets may be illiquid and not easily or not at all realisable in certain market 
circumstances or can only be sold at a discounted value. In that case, investors may receive the 
delivery of the Collateral Assets as if Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets were applicable in relation 
thereto.
NOTEHOLDERS SHOULD RECOGNISE THAT NOTEHOLDERS BEAR A RISK OF A DEFAULT 
OF THE COLLATERAL ASSETS AS WELL AS ANY DECLINE IN VALUE OF THE COLLATERAL 
ASSETS.
5.2
Correlation between the value of the Collateral Assets and the creditworthiness of the Related 
Agreement Counterparty and the Guarantor
In the event that there is a positive correlation between the value of the Collateral Assets and the 
creditworthiness of the Related Agreement Counterparty and the Guarantor, the value of the 
Collateral Assets may vary in the same way as the creditworthiness of the Related Agreement 
Counterparty and the Guarantor.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors
35
A default by the Related Agreement Counterparty and/or the Guarantor in relation to their obligations 
under the Notes may be associated with a fall in the value of Collateral Assets. 
The value of Collateral Assets required to be posted in the Collateral Pool will be based on the market 
value of the Secured Note which takes into account the Related Agreement Counterparty’s and the 
Guarantor's creditworthiness whereas, following a Fiduciary Event, the market value determined by 
the Calculation Agent (which determines the claim that a holder of the Non-Waived Notes has on the 
Related Agreement Counterparty and/or the Guarantor), will not take into account the Related 
Agreement Counterparty’s or the Guarantor's creditworthiness and will not decrease following such 
Fiduciary Event. As a result, the claim of the Noteholders against the Fiduciary/Guarantor may be 
significantly higher than the value of the Collateral Assets.
5.3
Frequency of Collateral Test Dates
The lower the frequency of the periodic Collateral Test Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and hence the greater the period of time between each such periodic Collateral Test Date (or even 
in the absence of any Collateral Test Date) the more likely it is that upon liquidation of the Collateral 
Assets, the proceeds of such liquidation that a Noteholder will receive or, where Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets is applicable, the value of the Collateral Assets delivered, will be less than the 
amounts due to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.
5.4
Related Agreement Counterparty’s transfer right
The Related Agreement Counterparty is entitled to transfer (the Transfer Right) all of its rights and 
obligations under the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement to a replacement 
counterparty (the Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty).
Following exercise of the Transfer Right, Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the 
Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty and a failure by the Replacement Related Agreement 
Counterparty to perform its duties and obligations with respect to a Related Agreement will adversely 
affect the ability of the Fiduciary to perform its obligations owed to the Noteholders under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes.
There are no restrictions on when Societe Generale is entitled to exercise the Transfer Right and 
Societe Generale may do so in circumstances which are adverse to the interests of Noteholders. The 
interests of any Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty may conflict with the interests of 
Noteholders  Furthermore, exercise of the Transfer Right by Societe Generale may have an adverse 
impact on the value of the Notes.
5.5
Potential conflicts of interest between Noteholders and the Related Agreement Counterparty
If the Related Agreement Counterparty is entitled to exercise any discretions under a Related 
Agreement, then the Related Agreement Counterparty will be entitled to act in its absolute discretion 
and will be under no obligation to, and will not assume any fiduciary duty or responsibility to, the 
Noteholders or any other person. In exercising any such discretion, the Related Agreement 
Counterparty will not be required to take the interests of the Noteholders into account and will not be 
liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of 
its affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such exercise of discretion.
5.6
Risk of a delay in the liquidation of the Collateral Assets 
In the event of the insolvency of the Fiduciary, the Disposal Agent or the Collateral Custodian, the 
liquidation of the Collateral Assets may be delayed either by the appointment of an insolvency 
administrator or other insolvency official in relation to Fiduciary, the Disposal Agent or the Collateral 
Custodian or by measures ordered by a competent court. Such delay could adversely affect the 
position of the Noteholders in the event of a depreciation in the value of the Collateral Assets during 
such period.
The Collateral Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Paying Agents are  part of the same group and 
in the event of the insolvency of one entity it is possible that another entity may also be insolvent. 
Such circumstances may lead to a delay in the liquidation of the Collateral Assets

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors
36
6.
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO SECURED NOTES
6.1
Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation 
The Collateral Agent has the option to adjust the Collateralisation Percentage of Secured Notes with 
Variable Collateralisation during the terms of such Notes and the Collateralisation Percentage may 
be set as low as zero. 
Investors in Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation may be exposed partially or fully to the 
credit risk of the Guarantor. In particular, where the Collateralisation Percentage is at zero, investors 
may be fully exposed to credit risk on the Guarantor and their investment may not be collateralised 
by any Collateral Assets. 
Investors should be aware that the secondary market value of Secured Notes with Variable 
Collateralisation is dependent on various factors, including the prevailing value of the implied funding 
spread of the Guarantor and the implied market cost of collateralisation. Investors seeking to have 
their Notes repurchased before maturity may be adversely affected by these factors and the 
repurchase price may be less than their original investment.
6.2
Risks relating to the Collateral Assets
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Assets will be sufficient to ensure that, he amounts available 
for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available to be delivered will be sufficient to pay 
all amounts due to Noteholders in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Notes and as a result, 
investors may lose a substantial portion of their investment due to the fact that the market value of 
the Collateral Assets and the Notes may vary at any time and investors may be exposed to the 
difference between the Required Collateral Assets Value and the Collateral Value. In addition, 
Collateralisation Percentage may be lower than 100%.
The value of the assets used as collateral value can be 3 per cent lower than the required collateral 
asset value. This tolerance threshold amplifies most of the risks associated with the Notes described 
herein and in particular the risk that following enforcement of Collateral Assets, the amounts available 
for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available will not be sufficient to pay all amounts 
due to Noteholders in respect of the relevant Series of Notes.
7.
RISKS RELATING TO THE FIDUCIARY SECURITIES THAT ARE REPACK NOTES
Holders of Repack Notes are exposed as from a date specified in the Final Terms (which may be 
earlier than the date of their decision to invest in the Notes or the Issue Date) to events (specified in 
the Final Terms) relating to the creditworthiness of the relevant Bond Issuer. In the event of the 
occurrence of one of these events, the redemption amount paid or the value of the Bond received at 
maturity of the Notes (after deduction of costs, breakage costs, loss of funding, taxes and duties) 
may be less than the amount invested.  In addition, Repack Notes may cease to bear interest on or 
before the date of occurrence of such events. Investors' attention is drawn to the fact that no amount, 
or an amount reduced of, may be due under the Repack Notes Notes and settlement (whether 
American Settlement or European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms) may occur 
several months or years after the relevant Bond Event and on a date which may be later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes.
7.1
Concentration Risk
The concentration of the Bond Issuers in any one industry or geographic region would subject the 
Notes to a greater degree of risk with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry or 
geographic region.
7.2
Discretion to determine if a Bond Event has occurred and to decide whether to give notice or 
not
In addition to the general risk relating to the activity of the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
may decide whether to give notice or not that a Bond Event has occurred with respect to any Bond. 
A Noteholder may disagree with Publicly Available Information contained in the Bond Event Notice

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors
37
delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing System for the Noteholders’ 
information, but will nevertheless be bound by that determination under the terms of the Notes.
7.3
Floating Recovery
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Bond Final Value by obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers in respect of the Bonds. In this 
regard, investors should note that: (i) the Bond Final Value as determined by the Calculation Agent 
may be lower than the Bonds’ market value determined otherwise and will typically reduce the Cash 
Redemption Amount, and (ii) such Bond Final Value cannot exceed 100% (unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Term) of the Bond Notional Amount irrespective of the Bonds market value 
determined otherwise.
7.4
Fixed Recovery 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Bond Final Value of a Bond in 
respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the fixed percentage 
of the Specified Denomination specified in the related Final Terms.
This percentage may be lower than the recovery value which would have been determined by 
reference to prices quoted by market participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect 
of such Bond, or may even be equal to zero.
7.5
Breakage Cost Amount 
If a Bond Event Determination Date occurs in respect of a Bond, Noteholders are exposed to the 
mark-to-market variation between the First Bond Event Occurrence Date and the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date equal to the costs (if positive) or gains (if negative) of the Fiduciary in terminating 
the Securities Lending Agreement and, if any, in terminating the Collateral Transfer Agreement with 
the Related Agreement Counterparty, including the costs or gains of Societe Generale of unwinding 
any hedging arrangement(s) in relation to the refinancing of the Bond and/or the Collateral Assets (if 
any), in all cases after accounting for any related fees or expenses. As a consequence, the Cash 
Redemption Amount to be received by the Noteholders will be reduced, potentially to zero.
7.6
Deferral of valuation and/or payments
Investors’ attention is drawn to the fact that no or a reduced Cash Redemption Amount might be due 
under the Repack Notes and settlement (whether American Settlement or European Settlement is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), may occur several months or years after the relevant Bond 
Event and on a date which may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes.
7.7
Ranking of the Bonds
Depending on the ranking of the obligations of the Bonds, such Bonds may rank junior in priority of 
payment to unsubordinated creditors, to holders of subordinated obligations expressed by their terms 
to rank in priority to the Bonds and/or to creditors preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions 
of law. In the event of incomplete payment to creditors that rank senior to the ranking of the Bonds, 
the obligations of the Bond Issuer and/or the Bond Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection 
with the Bonds may be terminated. The ranking of the Bonds may accordingly increase the credit risk 
on the Bond Issuer and/or the Bond Guarantor as the case may be and as a result may increase the 
likelihood of the occurrence of a Bond Event(s).
7.8
Market Trigger Event
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Market Trigger Event is “Applicable”, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the secondary mid price of the Notes has fallen below a certain level for a certain 
period (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Notes may be early redeemed at an 
amount equal to the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value (which may be as low as zero) minus 
the Market Trigger Event Swap Price (which may be a positive or negative amount) and minus the 
Market Trigger Event Unwind Costs (which may be a positive or negative amount) resulting in a

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors
38
redemption amount payable on the notes as low as zero, this amount being subject to a floor value 
equal to zero. As a consequence, the investor may lose all or part of the invested amount.

--- Page 39 ---
On-going Non-exempt Offers
39
ON-GOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS
The series of Notes listed below are each either (i) the subject of an on-going non-exempt offer as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus or (ii) the subject of a non-exempt offer which has closed as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, but which will be listed on a regulated market after the date of this Base Prospectus.
The base prospectus dated 18 June 2021 is applicable for the purposes of the On-going Non-exempt Offers 
listed below, and the information relating to the Fiduciary and the Guarantor contained or incorporated by 
reference in such base prospectus will continue to be updated by this Base Prospectus. 
The following warning is deemed to appear on the first page of each final terms of the Series of Notes listed 
below: 
The base prospectus dated 18 June 2021 expires on 18 June 2022. The obligation to supplement a 
prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when a prospectus is no longer valid. The succeeding base prospectus will be available on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com. 
In accordance with article 8.11 of the Prospectus Regulation, the new final terms and conditions relating to 
the outstanding Non-exempt Offers listed below will be available on a special page of the Fiduciary's website: 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/legaldoc_search.
ISIN CODE
ISSUE DATE
NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER 
JURISDICTION
START DATE
END DATE
XS2306914289
01/04/2021
FRANCE
01/04/2021
30/06/2021
XS2306914107
01/04/2021
FRANCE
01/04/2021
30/06/2021
XS2342993289
15/06/2021
FRANCE
15/06/2021
30/09/2021

--- Page 40 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide
40
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE
BASE PROSPECTUS
USER GUIDE
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this section or “User Guide” is to provide a simple tool for investors to help them navigate 
throughout the various documents made available in relation to Notes issued by Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. (the “Products” or a “Product”).
DOCUMENTATION
For each issue of Notes issued under the Base Prospectus, the following documents are made available to 
investors systematically: 
The Base Prospectus
This document: 
o
contains the information relating to the Fiduciary and to the Guarantor of the Notes, the 
general risk factors; 
o
describes the general terms and conditions of the Notes;
o
details all the possible specific characteristics of the Notes, including all possible payoff 
formulae used to calculate the interest and/or the redemption amount(s) due early or at 
maturity, and a wide range of underlying assets.
These possible payoff formulae are set out, according to the relevant issuance and underlying 
asset(s), in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae or the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
The Supplement(s) if any
This document is issued for every significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Notes and is made available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and on the website of the Fiduciary (http://prospectus.socgen.com).
The Final Terms
This document is issued for each specific issue of Notes and may include, when the context requires 
it, a summary specific to such issue of Notes (referred to as issue specific summary) and contains: 
o
the general characteristics, e.g. relevant identification codes, specified denomination, etc;
o
the financial characteristics, e.g. coupons, redemption formula(e), automatic early 
redemption mechanism (if any) and the related definitions corresponding to a particular 
Product, as described in the Base Prospectus; 
o
the underlying asset(s) to which the Product is linked; and
o
the relevant dates, e.g. issue date, maturity date, coupon payment date(s), valuation date(s).
The Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and the issue specific summary are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), when the Notes are admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and on the website of the 
Fiduciary (http://prospectus.socgen.com), when the Notes are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area.

--- Page 41 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide
41
HOW TO NAVIGATE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS
1. Sections providing general information 
on the Base Prospectus
3. Section detailing the different payoff 
formulae
RISK FACTORS
BASE PROSPECTUS - USER GUIDE
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES AND 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED 
NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED NOTES AND FOR ETF 
LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED 
NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED 
NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANT LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
GLOSSARY
GENERAL INFORMATION
THE VARIOUS SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS:
Sections specific to certain Notes
Sections common to all Notes
Table of contents of the Base Prospectus
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus rely on many generic sections of the Base Prospectus detailed 
above, but depending on the characteristics of the Notes, not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be 
relevant to a specific issuance of Notes.
FORM OF DEED OF GUARANTEE
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE 
SHARES
6. Sections relevant to Notes
7. Sections relevant to Notes with 
Preference Shares only
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT AND THE 
FIDUCIARY ACCOUNTS
8. Sections relevant to Notes
9. Sections providing additional general 
information

--- Page 42 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide
42
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS
The applicable Final Terms are divided in three parts:
Part A, named “CONTRACTUAL TERMS”, which provides the specific contractual terms of the 
Product;
Part B, named “OTHER INFORMATION”, which provides other information specific to the Notes; and
Only in the case of Non-exempt Offers, a third part is annexed to the applicable Final Terms 
constituting the issue specific summary of the Notes. 
Exhaustive information on the Products defined in Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms is available in 
the Base Prospectus. The following diagram provides the links between the various clauses in Parts A and 
B of the applicable Final Terms and the corresponding sections of the Base Prospectus. 
1. Sections providing general information 
on the Base Prospectus, the issuer and the 
guarantor
8. Sections providing additional general 
information
4. Sections detailing the different payoff 
formulae
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY (If required)
PART A: 
CONTRACTUAL 
TERMS
Payoff formulae
Description of the Fiduciary Asset Structure
Description of the Notes
Schedules and definitions relating to the 
Product
TITLE
Issuer and Guarantor of the Notes
Information linked to sections from the Base Prospectus
PART B: OTHER 
INFORMATION
Listing and admission to trading
Information relating to settlement/delivery
Non-exempt Offer  information (if any)
Performance of Formula, explanation of 
effect on the value of investment and 
associated risks
Information specific to the Notes

--- Page 43 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide
43
HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE
The section Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae is the section of the Base Prospectus 
where all payoff formulae are detailed.
This section contains:
an exhaustive list of Products with their respective Product Formulae, regrouped in Families of 
Products (Condition 3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae);
an exhaustive list of Reference Formulae (Condition 4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae); 
the definitions of all Variable Data needed as input in the different Product Formulae (Condition 5.4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae); and 
the definition of all add-ons that may be used as an additional feature of a Product Formula (Condition 
1.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae).
Family 3.1 
Products 
"Certificate"
Product 3.1.1
etc.
Family 3.2 
Products 
"Vanilla"
Product 3.2.1
Product 3.2.2
etc.
Family 3.10 
Products 
"Credit 
Linked or 
Repack 
Notes"
Product 3.10.1
Product 3.10.2
etc
Variable Data 
needed to feed 
the Product 
Formulae or the 
Reference 
Formulae
e.g.: Participation, 
Capital Guarantee 
Level, Barrier 
Level, Coupon 
Level, etc…
Add-ons
(if applicable)
e.g.: Memory 
coupon, etc…
11 Families of Products
For each Product, there are 3 Product Amounts:
Structured Interest Amount (if any)
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any)
Final Redemption Amount
each Product Amount is expressed as 
Specified Denomination x Product Formula
Reference Formulae
e.g.: Performance, average performance, performance 
based on the minimum/maximum level reached by the 
underlying asset, etc.
(…)
(…)
Each Product Amount describes an 
amount due under the Notes:
- 
during the life of the product: the 
Structured Interest Amount 
(coupons)
- 
in case of an automatic early 
redemption: the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or "AERA"
- 
at maturity: the Final Redemption 
Amount or "FRA"
For ease of reading, the Products 
with similar characteristics are 
regrouped in Families of Products 
(such as "Vanilla").
Each Product is identified with a 
Reference of the Product and a 
Product Name (such as "3.2.1 
European Calls")
Each Product Formula of each 
Product Amount will be based on a 
Reference Formula (such as 
"Performance" forming part of "4.2 
Family of "SimpleLevel")

--- Page 44 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide
44
EXAMPLES OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS: FOCUS ON PART A – PAYOFF FORMULA
The best way for an investor to understand a Product is to start reading the applicable Final Terms 
as they provide all the main information relating to the Notes. 
Two case studies can be found below, aiming to provide a step-by-step guide for reading the Final Terms. 
The numbers specified before each section below reference the corresponding clauses in the applicable Final 
Terms.
CASE STUDY #1: CALL STANDARD
Product identified by its 
Reference of the Product
3 possible Product Amounts:
Structured Interest Amount
(if any)
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any)
Final Redemption Amount
Expressed as = Specified 
Denomination x Product Formula
Underlying(s)
Dates
Each Product Formula is based 
on reference performances or 
levels (Reference Formulae)
Other information
Variable Data
9. (iv) Reference of the Product: 3.2.5
15 .(i) Structured Interest Amount(s): Not Applicable
19. (i) Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
20.     Final Redemption Amount:
Unless previously redeemed, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes on the Maturity Date, in 
accordance with the following provisions in respect of each Note:
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is higher than or 
equal to 90% then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination   ×
[90% + 100% x (AverageBasketLevel(1) – 90%)]
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is lower than 90%, 
then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 90%
26. (i) Underlying(s):
k = 1: Index 1
k = 2: Index 2
k = 3: Index 3
k = 4: Index 4
27. (i) Definitions relating to dates:
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY]
Valuation Date(1): [DD/MM/YYYY]
27. (ii) Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
AverageBasketLevel(1) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to 4, of Level(i, k).as 
defined in Condition 4.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae.
Level(1,k) (k from 1 to 4) means (S(1,k) / S(0,k)) as defined in Condition 4.1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae.
S(i,k) (i from 0 to 1) (k from 1 to 4) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) the relevant
Closing Price as defined in Condition 4.0 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to
Formulae.

--- Page 45 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide
45
CASE STUDY #2: ATHENA, APOLLON
Product identified by its 
Reference of the Product
3 possible Product Amounts:
Structured Interest Amount
(if any)
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any)
Final Redemption Amount
Expressed as = Specified 
Denomination x Product Formula
Underlying
Dates
Each Product Formula is based 
on reference performances or 
levels (Reference Formulae)
Other information
Variable Data
9. (iv) Reference of the Product: 3.3.4 with Option 1 applicable
15 .(i) Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
19. (i) Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
20.  Final Redemption Amount:
Unless previously redeemed, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer shall redeem early the Notes on Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) (i from 1 
to 7), in accordance with the following provisions in respect of each Note:
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is higher than or equal to -40% then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × [100% + 9.25% x 8]
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is lower than -40%, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × [100% + Performance(8)]
26. (i) Underlying(s):
Share 1
27. (i) Definitions relating to dates:
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY]
Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 8): i = 1: [DD/MM/YYYY], ….,i = 8: [DD/MM/YYYY]
27. (ii) Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the provisions of the
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the
Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 7), Performance(i) is higher than  or
equal to 0%.
Performance(i) (i from 1 to 8) means (S(i) / S(0)) – 100 % as defined in Condition 4.1 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae.
S(i) (i from 0 to 8) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) the Closing Price of the 
Underlying as defined in Condition 4.0 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae.
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × [100% + 9.25% x i]
Unless previously redeemed, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes on the Maturity Date, in 
accordance with the following provisions in respect of each Note:

--- Page 46 ---
Important Information
46
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus is established pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated as of 14 June 
2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor and the Notes which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Fiduciary 
and the Guarantor.
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference 
have been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information appears. The Fiduciary 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware, and are 
able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Final Terms will (if applicable) specify the 
nature of the responsibility (if any) taken by the Fiduciary for any information relating to any underlying to 
which the Notes may be linked.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and all documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and 
form part of this Base Prospectus.
None of the Arranger or any Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
the Arranger or any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by either of the Fiduciary or the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Notes. None of the Arranger or any Dealer accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by either of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or 
the Notes.  
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation or a statement of opinion (or a report on either of those things) by any of the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any of the Fiduciary, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning any of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Arranger or any of the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of any of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most 
recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether 
or not to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
Important Information
47
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER OF 
NOTES GENERALLY
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been 
taken by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a non-exempt 
offering of any Notes outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Note 
comes must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes (see "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions").
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the 
help of its financial and other professional advisers whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement and in the applicable Final Terms;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
underlying and financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.
INDEPENDENT REVIEW AND ADVICE
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine

--- Page 48 ---
Important Information
48
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Prospective investors should also 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Notes and 
all other relevant market and economic factors as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of 
an investment in Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any 
other member of the Group in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes 
or as to the other matters referred to above.
ASSESSMENT OF INVESTMENT SUITABILITY
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
financial circumstances and investment objectives, and only after careful consideration with its financial, legal, 
tax and other advisers. In particular, each prospective investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as 
a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. Some Notes which are complex financial 
instruments may be redeemable at an amount below par in which case investors may lose the value of part 
or their entire investment. 
NO LEGAL AND TAX ADVICE
Neither the Fiduciary nor the Guarantor are giving legal or tax advices to the investors. Each prospective 
investor should consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects relating to an investment in the 
Notes. A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax on that Noteholder of its 
investment in the Notes. 
LEGALITY OF PURCHASE
None of the Fiduciary, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the Notes, whether under the laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by 
that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.

--- Page 49 ---
Important Information
49
TAXATION
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available in relation to the tax treatment of financial instruments such as the Notes. The tax 
legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Fiduciary’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. Prospective investors are advised to ask for their own tax 
adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption 
of the Notes. Only such adviser is in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective 
investor. 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG - JURISDICTION OF THE FIDUCIARY 
The following information is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is 
based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it construed 
to be, legal or tax advice. In particular, the below does not address any potential implication that the 
Luxembourg law dated 25 March 2020 implementing EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 
amending the Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation as regards 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border 
arrangements in order to disclose potentially aggressive tax planning arrangements (also commonly referred 
to as DAC 6) may have.
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular 
circumstances and the effects of state, local or foreign laws to which they may be subject. Holders of Notes 
who are in doubt as to their tax positions should consult their professional advisers. However, investors 
should note that under Luxembourg law the Fiduciary is not regarded as the beneficial owner of the Fiduciary 
Assets. Therefore it is possible that the Noteholders’ tax treatment will depend on the type of income and 
gains arising from the Fiduciary Assets and the Noteholders’ proportionate share of such income and gains. 
The Fiduciary has no obligation to inquire as to tax residence or status of the holder of any of the Notes or 
the tax treatment of such income and gains in the hands of such holders. In particular, the Fiduciary will not 
be obliged to make any application for double tax treaty relief or claim a refund of tax in relation to tax withheld 
at source in relation to such income and gains.
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, 
impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), an employment fund’s 
contribution (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) 
generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, 
levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the employment fund’s contribution 
invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers 
are generally subject to personal income tax and the employment fund’s contribution. Under certain 
circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
A.
Taxation of the Holders of the Notes
WITHHOLDING TAX
a. Non-resident Noteholders
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by 
non-resident Noteholders.

--- Page 50 ---
Important Information
50
b. Resident Noteholders
Under the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 introducing a final withholding tax on certain interest 
deriving from savings income, as amended (the RELIBI), payments of interest or similar income made or 
ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual 
beneficial owner who is resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20% (the 20% 
Withholding Tax). Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the RELIBI would be subject to the 
20% Withholding Tax. 
Pursuant to the RELIBI, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, can opt 
to self-declare and pay a 20% tax levy (the 20% Self-applied Tax) on interest payments made by paying 
agents (for the purposes of RELIBI) located in a EU Member State or  a State of the European Economic 
Area other than Luxembourg. If such an option is exercised by an individual holder for a fiscal year, that 
option is irrevocable for that individual holder for that fiscal year, and makes that individual responsible for 
applying and paying the 20% Self-applied Tax in respect of interest they receive on Notes. For these 
purposes, the ‘paying agent’ under the RELIBI is the economic operator which pays interest or allocates the 
payment of the interest to the immediate benefit of the beneficial owner  – i.e. the last person in the payment 
chain before the Luxembourg resident individual.
INCOME TAXATION
c. Non-resident Noteholders
Individual (acting in the course of their private wealth) Noteholders
A non-resident individual Noteholder, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest 
accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes. A gain realised by such non-
resident Noteholder on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes is further not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six (6) months after the Notes 
were acquired.
Corporate  / individual (acting in the course of their business) Noteholders 
A non-resident corporate Noteholder or a non-resident individual Noteholder acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains 
realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.
d. Resident Noteholders
Corporate Noteholders
A corporate Noteholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue 
discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in its 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.
The same inclusion applies to an individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking.
A Noteholder that is governed (i) by the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, as 
amended; (ii) by the Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as 
amended; (iii) by the Luxembourg law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended;

--- Page 51 ---
Important Information
51
(iv) or it is a professional pension institution in the form of variable capital companies (société d'épargne-
pension à capital variable - SEPCAV) or an association (association d'épargne-pension - ASSEP) governed 
by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the form of 
pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as amended; (v) or it is 
a Noteholder subject to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, not 
investing in risk capital, will not be subject to any Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received or 
accrued on the Notes, or on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes.
Individual Noteholders
An individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the 
Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the RELIBI, or (ii) 
the individual Noteholder has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full discharge of income tax in 
accordance with the RELIBI, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area (other than an EU Member State).
A gain realised by an individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided 
this sale or disposal took place more than six (6) months after the Notes were acquired. However, any portion 
of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the RELIBI.
Net Wealth Tax
A corporate Noteholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, 
is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of Notes is governed by (i) the 
Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended; (ii) by the 
Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment; (iii) by the Luxembourg the 
law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended (iv) by the Luxembourg law of 22 
March 2004 on securitisation, as amended; (v) by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 relating to the 
investment company in risk capital, as amended; (vi) or it is a professional pension institution in the form of 
variable capital companies (société d'épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAV) or an association 
(association d'épargne-pension - ASSEP) governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions 
for occupational retirement provision in the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and 
pension savings associations, as amended; or (vii) it is a Noteholder that is subject to the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended.
However, (i) securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004, as amended; (ii) risk capital 
companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 relating to the investment company in risk capital, as 
amended; (iii) professional pension institutions in the form of variable capital companies (sociétés d’épargne-
pension à capital variable - SEPCAVs) or associations (associations d’épargne-pension - ASSEPs) governed 
by the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the form of pension savings 
companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as amended; and (iv) reserved alternative 
investment funds under the form of corporations which invest in risk capital, subject to the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, should fall within the scope of the minimum net wealth 
tax, which may vary depending on the total amount and type of assets held. Such minimum net wealth tax 
may either amount to EUR 4,815 or range between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100.
An individual Noteholder, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg net 
wealth tax on such Notes/Fiduciary Assets.

--- Page 52 ---
Important Information
52
Inheritance Tax
Where a Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his death, the Notes/Fiduciary 
Assets are included in his taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.
Gift Tax
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes/Fiduciary Assets if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed 
in front of a Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg.
B.
Other taxes
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty (other than 
nominal court fees) payable in Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the execution, modification, 
delivery and enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) 
of the Notes or the performance of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes (except in circumstances 
where the Fiduciary Assets comprise Luxembourg situs real estate, ships or airplanes). A registration duty 
will also be due in the case of voluntary registration of the Notes.
NO GROSS-UP RISK
If a withholding or deduction is required by the Tax Residence Jurisdiction and if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the Gross-up provision is not applicable, the Fiduciary will not be required to pay such additional 
amounts. In this case, neither the Fiduciary nor any paying agent nor any other person will be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. Consequently, investors will receive such 
payments net of such withholding tax. In such case, investors should note that they will take the risk of any 
applicable withholding tax and each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying or filing (as applicable) in 
a timely manner any documentary evidence or forms as the investor may be entitled to and as may be 
required in order to obtain relief or reduction of taxes imposed by way of withholding or deduction on payments 
under the Notes.
In addition, neither the Fiduciary nor any paying agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover any amounts withheld or deducted on account of any United States withholding taxes, 
including taxes under FATCA and Section 871(m) as discussed below. Consequently, investors will receive 
payments net of any applicable United States withholding taxes.
DECLARATION REGARDING INCOME ON COLLATERAL ASSETS
By subscribing for Notes on the Issue Date or by purchasing Notes in the secondary market each Noteholder 
unconditionally and irrevocably declares to the Fiduciary and the Guarantor that all amounts of interest, 
coupon, dividends or other distributions of income in respect of the Collateral Assets shall be paid directly by 
the relevant obligor to Societe Generale Luxembourg (hereafter SG Luxembourg) and shall not be credited 
to the Fiduciary Account or constitute Fiduciary Assets in respect of the Notes. Holders of Notes will therefore 
have no recourse to any such distributions which have been paid to SG Luxembourg. Under a separate 
declaration (the SG Luxembourg Declaration), SG Luxembourg has unconditionally and irrevocably 
declared, in respect of each Series of Notes, that on the date of receipt of any such amount of interest, 
coupon, dividend or other distribution of income, it will pay an amount equal thereto, in the same currency, 
to the Related Agreement Counterparty. The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty will agree 
that any such payment by SG Luxembourg to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the SG 
Luxembourg Declaration will automatically discharge any obligation of the Fiduciary under the terms of the 
Swap Agreement relating to the relevant Series of Notes to pay an equivalent distribution to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty. 
If SG Luxembourg fails to pay a Collateral Asset distribution to the Related Agreement Counterparty in 
accordance with the terms of the SG Luxembourg Declaration, the Fiduciary will have insufficient funds to 
pay, and will default in, any obligation to pay an equivalent distribution to Related Agreement Counterparty

--- Page 53 ---
Important Information
53
under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, and such event will constitute a Fiduciary Event and shall 
cause the Notes to become immediately due and payable (see “Liquidation of the Collateral Assets” and 
“Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets” below). Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk that SG 
Luxembourg may fail to perform its obligations under the SG Luxembourg Declaration.
UNITED STATES IMPORTANT NOTICE
The Notes and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or 
under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Notes 
has not been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. No person has registered and no person will register 
as a "commodity pool operator" of the Fiduciary under the CEA and the CFTC Rules, and the Fiduciary has 
not been and will not be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Notes 
are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an “offshore transaction” 
(as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not a U.S. Person, as 
defined in the General Terms and Conditions; and (b) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. 
person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA 
(for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a “Non-United States person” defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons 
who are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person) and (c) is not a "U.S. person" 
for purposes of the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. 
Person) (such a person or account, as described herein a Permitted Transferee). The Notes are available 
only to Permitted Transferees. 
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR 
APPROVED BY, ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES 
COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES 
HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of or 
rule under the Securities Act.
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State) will be made pursuant to 
an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Notes which 
are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to 
the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Fiduciary or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) 
if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State 
and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other 
than pursuant to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State, such offer is 
made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable and the Fiduciary has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except 
to the extent subparagraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Fiduciary nor any Dealer has authorised, nor

--- Page 54 ---
Important Information
54
does it authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Fiduciary or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
The Fiduciary is a corporation organised under the laws of Luxembourg. All of the officers and directors 
named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Fiduciary 
and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible 
for investors to effect service of process in connection with a cause of action under the laws of a jurisdiction 
other than England and Wales outside Luxembourg upon the Fiduciary or such persons, or to enforce 
judgments against them obtained in courts outside Luxembourg predicated upon civil liabilities of the 
Fiduciary or such directors and officers under laws other than those of Luxembourg, including any judgment 
predicated upon United States federal securities laws.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes states "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as Applicable, 
the Notes, are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling those Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling those Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
The Fiduciary maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in accordance 
with financial reporting standards which differ in certain important respects from generally accepted 
accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP).
OTHER INFORMATION
Resignation and removal of the Fiduciary
Pursuant to General Condition 11.1, the Fiduciary may resign provided a Qualified Financial Institution is 
appointed as successor in accordance with such General Condition 11.1. Accordingly, no assurance can be 
given that Societe Generale Luxembourg will remain as the Fiduciary throughout the life of any given Series 
of Notes.
Priority of claims
During the term of the Notes, where the Collateral Assets are liquidated following the occurrence of a 
Collateral Liquidation Event and where “Standard Order of Priority” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the claims of the Noteholders to be paid amounts due under the Notes will be 
subordinated to (i) payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Fiduciary or the 
Guarantor, in relation to the Notes, to the Disposal Agent and/or Paying Agent (which shall include any taxes 
required to be paid, the costs of any sale of any Collateral Assets (including the distribution of proceeds) 
and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement to the Noteholders of the related Notes and the remuneration of the Disposal Agent and/or Paying 
Agent); (ii) payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Custodian by the Fiduciary; 
and (iii) payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by the 
Fiduciary.
Investors in the Notes should be aware that the Final Terms of the Notes may specify a different priority of 
payments than that set out in “Standard Order of Priority” which may result in the claim of the Noteholder 
being subordinated to a greater extent than that set out in “Standard Order of Priority”.

--- Page 55 ---
Important Information
55
Where “Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement in respect of each Note will be determined after a sufficient portion of the Collateral Assets 
has been liquidated in order to fund the payment by the Fiduciary of all amounts ranking senior to the claims 
of the Noteholders in accordance with the foregoing paragraph.
Credit ratings 
The Fiduciary may ask one or more independent credit rating agencies (established in the EU and registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 
2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) to 
assign credit ratings to a Series of Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors should only base their investment decision on credit ratings 
assigned by credit rating agencies that are on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Eurosystem eligibility for New Global Notes and Registered Global Notes
New Global Notes and Registered Global Notes issued under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) may be 
issued with the intention that such Notes be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the 
European Central Bank. However, there is no guarantee that such Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral, or that, even if recognised, the eligibility will continue during the life of the Notes. Any other Notes 
are not intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem.
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Bearer Notes
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Bearer Notes 
may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such 
a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive 
a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Bearer Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.
Structured Notes Linked to SGI Indices
The roles of the various teams involved within Societe Generale in the design, maintenance and replication 
of indices have been strictly defined. The replication of any index is carried out in the same way by a single 
team within Societe Generale, whether for hedging of a product held by external investors or for positions 
held by Societe Generale. acting as co-investors alongside external investors. 
INTERPRETATION
1.
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus 
shall have the meaning attributed thereto in the relevant General Terms and Conditions or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
Important Information
56
2.
All references in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms to:
(a)
"U.S. dollars" or "U.S.$" refer to the lawful currency of the United States, those to "Sterling" 
or "£" refer to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, those to "Australian dollars" or "A$" 
refer to the lawful currency of Australia, those to "Swiss Francs" refer to the lawful currency 
of Switzerland, those to "Japanese Yen" or "¥" refer to the lawful currency of Japan, those to 
"euro", "Euro" or "€" refer to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended and those to "CNY", "Yuan" or "RMB" or "Renminbi" refer to 
the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC), which for the purpose of 
this document, excludes Taiwan and the Special Administrative Regions of the PRC: Hong 
Kong and Macau;
(b)
any three letter alphabetic currency codes, including but not limited to the three letter 
alphabetic currency codes set out below, shall have the meaning given to them pursuant to 
ISO 4217 (the international standard currency code established by the International 
Organization for Standardization):
Alphabetic code
Country
Currency
AED
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
United Arab Emirates 
Dirham
ARS
ARGENTINA
Argentine Peso
AUD
AUSTRALIA
Australian Dollar
BGN
BULGARIA
Bulgarian Lev
BHD
BAHRAIN
Bahraini Dinar
BWP
BOTSWANA
Botswana Pula
BRL
BRAZIL
Brazilian Real
CAD
CANADA
Canadian Dollar
CHF
SWITZERLAND
Swiss Franc
CLP
CHILE
Chilean Peso
CNY
CHINA
Onshore Chinese Yuan 
Renminbi
CNH
CHINA
Onshore or Offshore 
Chinese Yuan 
CZK
CZECH REPUBLIC
Czech Koruna
DKK
DENMARK
Danish Kroner
EUR
EUROPEAN MEMBER 
STATES1
Euro
GBP
UNITED KINGDOM
Pound Sterling
GHS
GHANA
New Ghanaian cedi
HKD
HONG KONG
Hong Kong Dollar
1 
European Member States that have adopted the Euro pursuant to the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 57 ---
Important Information
57
Alphabetic code
Country
Currency
HUF
HUNGARY
Forint
ILS
ISRAEL
New Israeli Shekel
IDR
INDONESIA
Indonesian Rupiah
ISK
ICELAND
Icelandic Krona
JOD
JORDAN
Jordanian Dinar
JPY
JAPAN
Yen
KES
KENYA
Kenyan Shilling
KWD
KUWAIT
Kuwaiti Dinar
KZT
KAZAKHSTAN
Kazakhstan Tenge
LBP
LEBANON
Lebanese Pound
MAD
MOROCCO
Moroccan Dirham
MUR
MAURITIUS
Mauritian Rupee
MXN
MEXICO
Mexican Peso
MYR
MALAYSIA
Malaysian Ringgit
NAD
NAMIBIA
Namibian Dollar
NGN
NIGERIA
Nigerian Naira
NOK
NORWAY
Norwegian Krone
OMR
OMAN
Omani Rial
NZD
NEW ZEALAND
New Zealand Dollar
PEN
PERU
Peruvian Nuevo Sol
PHP
PHILIPPINES
Philippine Peso
PLN
POLAND
Zloty
QAR
QATAR
Qatari Riyal
RON
ROMANIA
Leu
RUB
RUSSIA
Russian Ruble
SAR
SAUDI ARABIA
Saudi Arabian Riyal
SEK
SWEDEN
Swedish Krona
SGD
SINGAPORE
Singapore Dollar
THB
THAILAND
Thai Baht
TND
TUNISIA
Tunisian Dinar
TRY
TURKEY
Turkish Lira
USD
UNITED STATES
U.S. Dollar
ZAR
SOUTH AFRICA
Rand

--- Page 58 ---
Important Information
58
(c) the "General Terms and Conditions" or the "General Conditions" shall be to the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes;
(d) the "Final Terms" shall be to the final terms document prepared based on the "Form of Final Terms".
STABILISATION
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE 
ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO 
LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor (the Responsible Persons) accept responsibility for the information 
contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and for the information contained in the 
applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
and belief of each Fiduciary and the Guarantor (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is 
the case) the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.

--- Page 59 ---
Important Information
59
REGULATORY INFORMATION
Luxembourg law and European legislation regarding the resolution of financial institutions may 
require the write-down or conversion to equity of the Notes or other resolution measures if the 
Fiduciary is deemed to meet the conditions for resolution
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the 
BRRD) entered into force on 2 July 2014. As a directive, the BRRD was transposed into French law by the 
ordonnance no. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 and ratified by law no. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 
(Loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la 
modernisation de la vie économique). 
The stated aim of the BRRD and Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of the European Union of 15 July 2014 (the SRM Regulation) is to provide for the establishment of an EU-
wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. The regime 
provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the authority designated by 
each EU Member State (the Resolution Authority) with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial 
and economic functions while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system (including taxpayers’ exposure to losses).
Under the SRM Regulation a centralised power of resolution is established and entrusted to the Single 
Resolution Board (the SRB) and to the national resolution authorities.
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write 
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments and eligible liabilities absorb losses of the issuing 
institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the Bail-in Power) and other 
resolution measures such as the sale of the institution’s business, the creation of a bridge institution, the 
separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments, removing management, appointing an interim 
administrator, and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
Before taking a resolution measure or exercising the power to write down or convert relevant capital 
instruments, the Resolution Authority must ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the assets 
and liabilities of the institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority.
If Societe Generale as Guarantor becomes subject to resolution measures in the form of bail-in, an investor’s 
residual claim on the Guarantor; corresponding to the shortfall between the investor’s initial claim and the net 
proceeds of the collateral assets, may be reduced to zero, converted into equity or its maturity may be 
postponed. This may result in losses on the invested amount, regardless of the capital protection of the 
product, if any.
Moreover, if the Guarantor’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Power or the exercise 
of write-down/conversion powers by the Resolution Authority independently of a resolution measure or in 
combination with a resolution measure with respect to capital instruments (including subordinated debt 
instruments) when it determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable could cause the market 
price or value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers.
The BRRD has been implemented into Luxembourg law by, among others, the Luxembourg act dated 18 
December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the BRR Act 
2015). Under the BRR Act 2015, the competent authority is Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority 
(Commission de surveillance du secteur financier, the CSSF) and the resolution authority is the CSSF acting 
as resolution council (conseil de résolution).
The Notes are fiduciary obligations of the Fiduciary which are segregated from the obligations of Societe 
Generale Luxembourg. In principle, such fiduciary obligations should not be affected by the bail-in tool and 
statutory write-down and conversion powers applicable to Societe Generale Luxembourg. However, in case 
the general bail-in tool and the statutory write-down and conversion power were to become applicable to the 
Fiduciary, the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity (ordinary shares or other

--- Page 60 ---
Important Information
60
instrument of ownership) on any application of the bail-in tool, which may result in such Notes’ holders losing 
some or all of their investment (notably, the amount of the outstanding may be reduced, including to zero). 
Subject to certain conditions, the terms of the obligations owed under the Notes may also be varied by the 
Resolution Council (e.g. as to maturity, interest and interest payment dates). The exercise of any power under 
the BRR Act 2015 or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of the Notes, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Fiduciary to 
satisfy its obligations under any Note.
The BRRD has recently been amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms (“BRRD II”) and further implemented within the BRR Act 2015 by the 
Luxembourg law of 20 May 2021. Article 34-1 of the BRR Act 2015, provides a new pre-resolution moratorium 
power for the CSSF, in its capacity as resolution authority in Luxembourg. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the London interbank offered 
rate (LIBOR) and the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) was published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 29 June 2016 and mostly applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018.  The 
Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to 
be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as Societe Generale) 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.
Each benchmark specified in this Base Prospectus is listed in the table below, with the name of the relevant 
Administrator providing such benchmark.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Administrator appears/ does not appear, as the case 
may be, on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation, as specified in the 
table below.
If “Does not appear and exempted” is specified in the table below, it means that the relevant Administrator 
does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation.
If “Does not appear and non-exempted” is specified in the table below, it means that, as far as the Fiduciary 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the relevant 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.
Benchmark
Administrator
Register
LIBOR
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited
Does not appear and non-
exempted
USD-LIBOR
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited
Does not appear and non-
exempted
GBP-LIBOR
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited
Does not appear and non-
exempted

--- Page 61 ---
Important Information
61
Benchmark
Administrator
Register
EURIBOR
European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI)
Appears
EUR-EURIBOR-Swap Rate 
11:00
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited
Does not appear and non-
exempted
USD-CMS
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited
Does not appear and non-
exempted
USD-LIBOR- ICE Swap 
Rate 11:00
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited
Does not appear and non-
exempted
SHIBOR
People's Bank of China
Does not appear and 
exempted
FTSE MIB index
FTSE International Limited
Does not appear and non-
exempted
SGMDGRFE index - Global 
Rotation Funds EUR Index
Societe Generale
Appears
SGMDGPPB Index - SGI 
Global 85% Progressive 
Protection Bond Index
Societe Generale
Appears
IND1GMAS Index – Global 
Multi Asset Strategy EUR 
Index
Societe Generale
Appears
IND1BQSI Index - Banor 
Quality Equity Selection 
Index
Societe Generale
Appears
SGMDPP90 Index - SGI 
Progressive Protection 90 
Index
Societe Generale
Appears
SGITEGD Index - SGI 
European Green Deal 
Index
Societe Generale 
Appears
SGI World Travel and 
Leisure Index
Societe Generale 
Appears
SGITGAMA Index - SGI 
Greener America Ahead 
Index
Societe Generale
Appears
ERIX Index - European 
Renewable Energy Total 
Return Index in EUR
Societe Generale
Appears
SGIXROBO Index - Rise Of 
The Robots Index (USD - 
Net Total Return)
Societe Generale
Appears
SGMDDP95 – SGI 
Dynamic Protection 95% 
Index (EUR – Total Return)
Societe Generale
Appears
SGMDPP85 – SGI ESG 
85% Progressive Protection 
Societe Generale
Appears

--- Page 62 ---
Important Information
62
Benchmark
Administrator
Register
Bond Index (EUR – Total 
Return)
AL
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
GI
European Energy Exchange (EEX)
Appears 
GOA
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
MCU
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
NI
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
NI3
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
PB
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
PB3
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
GO
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
PDA
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
PD
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
PTA
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
PT
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
SI
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA)
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
ZN
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
ZN3
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME)
Does not appear and non-
exempted
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation).
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on 
the Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The

--- Page 63 ---
Important Information
63
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. The Amending 
Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021.
The sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying 
markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. On 27 July 2017, and in a subsequent speech by 
its Chief Executive on 12 July 2018, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) confirmed that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 (the FCA 
Announcements). The FCA Announcements indicated that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis 
cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA has confirmed that all LIBOR 
settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative:
-
immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen 
settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar settings; and
-
immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation, or any of the international or national reforms in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
Financial Transactions Tax (FTT)
A proposal of the European Commission (the Commission’s Proposal) published on 14 February 2013 for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia 
(the participating Member States) could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States and primarily to "financial institutions". As a financial institution, the 
Fiduciary is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any such tax liabilities to holders of the Notes and 
therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected in respect of the Notes. The FTT could 
also be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Notes (including secondary 
market transactions) if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied. 
However, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. 
Additional EU Member States may also decide to participate and/or participating Member States may decide 
to withdraw.
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) may impose a 30% 
withholding tax on certain payments made to certain financial institutions and other entities that do not comply 
with the requirements under FATCA or to investors that fail to provide their broker or custodian with any 
information, forms, other documentation, or consents (FATCA Documentation) that may be necessary for 
the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA) 
and provide each custodian or intermediary with any FATCA Documentation that may be necessary to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed 
explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them.
U.S. Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder (Section 871(m)) generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalent amounts paid 
or deemed paid to non-U.S. holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or 
indices that include U.S. equities. Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in 
particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the

--- Page 64 ---
Important Information
64
applicable Treasury regulations (such an index, a Qualified Index). Additionally, IRS guidance excludes from 
the scope of Section 871(m) instruments issued prior to January 1, 2023 that are not "delta-one" instruments 
with respect to underlying securities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes (each an Underlying Security).  If the Fiduciary has determined withholding under Section 871(m) 
applies, it will generally apply withholding at a 30% rate without regard to any applicable treaty rate(s) or any 
investor’s individual tax situation.  There is also the risk that withholding pursuant to the Section 871(m) 
Regulations will be applied to Notes that were not initially subject to such withholding tax, particularly in cases 
where a Note is significantly modified after issuance to replicate the economic performance of one or more 
U.S. Underlying Securities. Investors should note that if the Fiduciary or any withholding agent determines 
that withholding is required, neither the Fiduciary nor the withholding agent will be required to gross up any 
amounts withheld in connection with a Specified Note.
Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) 
Regulations to their investment in the Notes.
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation
Passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) in 2010 in 
the United States and of the European Regulation 648/2012, known as the European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation (EMIR) which entered into force on 16 August 2012 and took direct effect in the Member States 
of the European Union, has led to significant structural reforms affecting the financial services industry. The 
Dodd-Frank Act also contains prohibitions, commonly called, together with the implementing regulations, the 
Volcker Rule, which regulate the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary trading 
activities and sponsoring or investing in hedge, private equity or similar funds. Even though some 
modifications to the Volcker Rule implementing regulations took effect throughout 2020, the Volcker Rule 
continues to operate as a constraint on these activities.
Both Title VII (Title VII) of the Dodd-Frank Act and EMIR establish comprehensive regulatory regimes for a 
broad range of derivatives contracts including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps (collectively 
referred to in this risk factor as Covered Swaps).
In particular, under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and under EMIR, swaps entered into by any Fiduciary may 
be required to be cleared through a central counterparty, executed on a trading venue, and subject to 
additional margin and capital, reporting and recordkeeping requirements that could result in additional 
regulatory burdens, costs and expenses (including extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of such Fiduciary). 
Such requirements may disrupt such Fiduciary’s ability to hedge their exposure to various transactions, and 
may materially and adversely impact a transaction’s value or the value of the Notes. Certain aspects of the 
Dodd-Frank Act and of EMIR remains to be clarified and the scope of their possible implications for investors 
in the Notes cannot currently be predicted. In particular, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
regulations governing security-based swaps will not be effective until November 1, 2021. As such, investors 
should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
posed by the Dodd-Frank Act and EMIR, in making any investment decision in respect of the Notes.
In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act, amending the CEA, expanded the definition of a “commodity pool” to include 
any form of enterprise operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps. The 
Fiduciary has imposed certain restrictions on sales in order to fall outside the scope of the CEA. In addition, 
if Fiduciarywere deemed to be a “commodity pool”, it would be required to register as such with the CFTC 
and the National Futures Association and would have to comply with a number of reporting requirements that 
are designed to apply to traded commodity pools. It is presently unclear how such Fiduciary could comply 
with certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. Such registration and other requirements 
would involve material ongoing costs to the Fiduciary, thereby materially and adversely impacting a Security’s 
value.
Furthermore, potential inconsistency between the Dodd-Frank Act, EMIR and other regulations issued by 
different regimes could lead to market fragmentation.

--- Page 65 ---
Important Information
65
Investment Company Act
The Fiduciary has not registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) as 
an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. Investors in the Notes will not have the 
protections of the Investment Company Act.
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Fiduciary is required, but in violation of the 
Investment Company Act, has failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, 
but are not limited to, the following: (i) the SEC could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) 
investors in the Fiduciary could sue the Fiduciary and recover any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) 
any contract to which the Fiduciary is party that is made in, or whose performance involves, a violation of the 
Investment Company Act would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were to find 
that under the circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and 
would not be inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act. Should the Fiduciary be 
subjected to any or all of the foregoing, the Fiduciary would be materially and adversely affected.
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book regulation
For (A) an Index or SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or 
more Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an 
Underlying Index composed of ETF, (B) a Fund or (C) ETP or ETF, if from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, 
Fund Provider of the underlying Fund, ETF or ETF Service Provider of the underlying ETF, ETP or ETP Issuer 
of the underlying ETP, as the case may be, does not make publicly available information or does not provide 
information (either spontaneously or as required pursuant to laws and regulations or contractual 
arrangements) enabling Societe Generale or its affiliates to calculate its market risks as holder of Fund Units, 
ETF or ETP, as the case may be, to hedge the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes, as if it were 
holding directly the assets of the underlying Fund, ETF or ETP, as the case may be (the FRTB Information), 
Societe Generale or its affiliates may be subject to significantly higher capital requirements under the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented into French law.
The Beneficiaries Register
Pursuant to article 31 of Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist 
financing, amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, and 
repealing Directive 2005/60/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directive 
2006/70/EC of the Commission, as amended (the AMLD) which has been implemented into Luxembourg by 
the Luxembourg law of 10 July 2020 establishing a register of fiduciaries and trusts (the Fiduciaries Register 
Law), the Fiduciary is required to maintain and file certain information in a register containing certain 
information on, amongst others, the beneficiaries or class of beneficiaries (the Beneficiaries) of the fiduciary 
estate (the Beneficiaries Register). 
Failure by the Fiduciary to obtain information on the Beneficiaries or complying with its obligations in respect 
of the Beneficiaries Register may have an adverse effect on the Fiduciary and/or the Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
The Fiduciary Contract
66
THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT
The following is a description of the Fiduciary Contract which will be incorporated into each Note and will 
appear on any Bearer Note and Registered Note.
Each Note is one of a Series of Notes issued by the Fiduciary on a fiduciary basis, each Note evidencing the 
existence of a fiduciary contract on the terms and subject to the conditions described below (the Fiduciary 
Contract) between the holder of such Note and the Fiduciary as fiduciary issuer. The Fiduciary Contract is a 
contrat fiduciaire governed by the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trust and fiduciary contracts, 
as amended (the Law). By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, each Noteholder will be deemed 
to have accepted, acknowledged and agreed to all the provisions of the Fiduciary Contract. There may be 
one or several Series issued under the same fiduciary estate.
The Terms and Conditions form part of the Fiduciary Contract and set out the rights of each Noteholder under 
the Fiduciary Contract and certain duties, powers and discretions of the Fiduciary. Subject to General 
Condition 3.2, the Fiduciary shall and hereby undertakes to perform such duties and to exercise such powers 
and discretions in the best interests of the Noteholders. In connection with the exercise by the Fiduciary of 
its powers and discretions (including, without limitation, any modification, authorisation or waiver), the 
Fiduciary shall have regard to the best interest of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular, shall not 
consider the consequences of the exercise of its powers and discretions for individual Noteholders.  As a 
consequence, no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, from the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any other person, 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders.
The Fiduciary undertakes to exercise its rights under the Related Agreements and/or the Fiduciary Assets 
(as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) and its corresponding duties, powers and discretions in the 
best interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, and to account to the Noteholders for 
all payments of principal, interest or any other sums received by it thereunder, in such a manner as to give 
effect to the Terms and Conditions.
The Fiduciary is not obliged to account to the Noteholders in respect of any fees, expenses, commissions, 
premiums or other costs received and/or paid by it in respect of its appointment as Fiduciary or in connection 
with its operations as Fiduciary, nor for any interest earned by it on amounts held by it from time to time on 
behalf of the Noteholders, whether or not such payments were made through Related Agreements.
The Fiduciary makes no representation or warranty and assumes no liability for, or responsibility or obligation 
in respect of, the legality, validity or enforceability of the Related Agreements, the Fiduciary Assets or any of 
them, the performance and observance by any Fiduciary Assets Obligor (as defined in the General Terms 
and Conditions) of their obligations in respect of the Related Agreements or the recoverability of any monies 
due or to become due under the Related Agreements or the Fiduciary Assets. The Fiduciary is under no 
obligation to seek or maintain any insurance in respect of any Fiduciary Assets or any part of the Fiduciary 
Assets.
The Fiduciary does not represent the Noteholders and shall be under no obligation to the Noteholders other 
than that of faithful performance of its undertakings, duties, rights, powers and discretions under the Fiduciary 
Contract as set forth above and, in the event of a Collateral Liquidation Event, shall be under no obligation to 
apply the proceeds of any rights of set-off, banker’s lien or counterclaim arising out of other transactions 
between the Fiduciary and any Fiduciary Assets Obligor in payment of the Notes. The Fiduciary shall have 
no obligation to monitor the performance of any Fiduciary Assets Obligor and is under no obligation to 
disclose information relating to the Fiduciary Assets and/or the Related Agreements.
Neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will be precluded from making any contracts or entering into any 
business transaction in the ordinary course of their business with any Fiduciary Assets Obligor or from owning 
in any capacity any Notes or transacting in any assets equivalent to those comprised in the Fiduciary Assets 
at any time, and neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will be accountable to the Noteholders for any 
profits resulting therefrom. The Fiduciary may consult on any legal matter with any legal advisers selected by 
it and shall incur no liability for actions taken, or suffered to be taken, with respect to such matter in good faith 
in reliance upon the opinion of such legal advisers, unless the Fiduciary has been grossly negligent (faute 
grave) or is guilty of wilful misconduct (dol).

--- Page 67 ---
The Fiduciary Contract
67
Consistent with the Law, Noteholders have no direct right of action against any Fiduciary Assets Obligor to 
enforce their rights under the Notes or the Coupons or to compel any Fiduciary Assets Obligor to comply with 
its obligations under a Related Agreement or in relation to a Fiduciary Asset, even in the case of the 
Fiduciary’s failure to act or the insolvency of the Fiduciary. However, if, under the Fiduciary Assets and/or 
Related Agreements, the Fiduciary is entitled and, furthermore, has, pursuant to the Fiduciary Contract in 
respect of each Note, become obliged to take legal action against a Fiduciary Assets Obligor and has failed 
to take such action within a reasonable time, then (if and to the extent such failure is continuing), each 
Noteholder is individually entitled to institute indirect legal action (action oblique) in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the Luxembourg civil code against the Fiduciary Assets Obligor in lieu of the Fiduciary 
and on its behalf. 
The rights of the Fiduciary in respect of the Related Agreements and other Fiduciary Assets are Fiduciary 
Assets of the Fiduciary and are held for the exclusive benefit (save as provided in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) and at the sole risk of the Noteholders. Pursuant to the Law, the Fiduciary Assets are segregated 
from all other assets of the Fiduciary (including all other fiduciary assets the Fiduciary may hold pursuant to 
fiduciary contracts with third parties) and are not available to meet the claims of creditors of the Fiduciary 
other than creditors (including the Noteholders) whose rights derive from the Fiduciary Contract or exist as a 
result of the creation and existence of the Fiduciary Assets. In a liquidation of the Fiduciary, the Fiduciary 
Assets are not part of the estate of the Fiduciary. They may be attached only by persons whose rights exist 
as a result of the creation and existence of the Fiduciary Assets.
The Noteholders waive, to the extent legally possible, the right to request the early termination of the Fiduciary 
Contract in accordance with article 7(6) of the Law.
Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the amended Luxembourg act of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended are not applicable in respect of the Notes.
The Notes do not constitute personal debt obligations of Societe Generale Luxembourg, being 
obligations that relate to the personal estate of Societe Generale Luxembourg, but are solely fiduciary 
obligations of the Fiduciary in accordance with the Law and may only be satisfied out of the Fiduciary 
Assets. Such obligations are conditional upon the due and timely performance by each Fiduciary 
Assets Obligor of its obligations, including in respect of payments and deliveries, under the relevant 
Related Agreements and/or the relevant Fiduciary Assets. 
The entitlement of Noteholders to receive payments and/or deliveries under the Notes is entirely 
dependent upon the receipt by the Fiduciary of payments and/or deliveries, as the case may be, in 
respect of the Fiduciary Assets and/or the Related Agreements. No other assets of Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. (either in its personal capacity or as fiduciary in respect of any other series of 
fiduciary investments or fiduciary estate) will be available for payments of any amounts not received 
and/or deliveries of assets not delivered under the relevant Related Agreements or Fiduciary Assets 
and any shortfall will be borne exclusively by the Noteholders.  All claims in respect of such shortfall 
shall be automatically extinguished and the Noteholders shall have no further recourse against the 
Fiduciary in respect of any unpaid amounts and will accordingly not be able to petition for the 
winding-up of the Fiduciary as a consequence of such shortfall.

--- Page 68 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt offers of Notes
68
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES
Certain Tranches of Notes may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to 
below as a Non-exempt Offer.
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, you are offered Notes by any entity, you should check that 
such entity has been given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its 
offer before agreeing to purchase any Notes. The following entities have consent to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer:
any entity named as a Dealer in the applicable Final Terms;
if the clause “Type of Consent” is stated as being “Individual Consent” in the applicable Final 
Terms:
(a)
any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted 
specific consent to use the Base Prospectus; or
(b)
any 
financial 
intermediary 
named 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Fiduciary 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com) as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the Non-exempt 
Offer (if that financial intermediary has been appointed after the date of the applicable Final 
Terms); and
(c)
if the clause “Type of Consent” is stated as being “General Consent” in the applicable Final 
Terms, any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers under MiFID II who has 
published the Acceptance Statement (as defined below) on its website.
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus.
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and only in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions.  
For Non-exempt Offers which will close after the validity of this Base Prospectus, investors should 
refer to the succeeding base prospectus which will be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com 
and the section “Ongoing Non-exempt Offer”.
Other than as set out above, the Fiduciary has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer 
by any person and the Fiduciary has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other 
person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes.
1.
CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 5(1) OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION
In the context of any offer of Notes that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a Non-exempt Offer), each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor 
accepts responsibility, in each Relevant State (as defined below) for which it has given its consent (each a 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction) as specified below, for the content of the Base Prospectus under Article 11 
of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an Investor) to whom any offer of Notes is made by 
any financial intermediary to whom it has given its consent to use the Base Prospectus (an Authorised 
Offeror), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given in a Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction for which that consent was given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the 
giving of the consent. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under “Type of Consent” and 
“Conditions to Consent” below.
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any relevant Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance 
by an Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or 
securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or 
any relevant Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.

--- Page 69 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt offers of Notes
69
However, neither the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer has any responsibility for any of the 
actions of any Authorised Offeror, including the non-compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in 
relation to such offer.
Neither the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer authorises the use of the Base Prospectus in the 
case of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes in a Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State) other than a 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction or in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction but made by a financial intermediary to 
which the Fiduciary has not given its consent. Such unauthorised Non-exempt Offers are not made by or on 
behalf the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer and neither the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor the 
relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for the actions of any person making such offers and the related 
consequences.
Save as provided above, neither the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer authorises that any 
Non-exempt Offers of Notes may be made in circumstances which would require the Fiduciary to publish a 
prospectus or a Supplement to the Base Prospectus.
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, a prospective investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the prospective investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for 
this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the 
prospective investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is 
responsible for its contents it should take legal advice.
2.
TYPE OF CONSENT
Subject to the conditions set out below under “Conditions to Consent” and if it is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes, the Fiduciary consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
relation to an Non-exempt Offer of such Notes during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Offer Period).
The consent given by the Fiduciary may be an individual consent (an Individual Consent) and/or a general 
consent (a General Consent), each as further described below and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
2.1
Individual Consent
If the clause “Type of Consent” is stated as being “Individual Consent” in the applicable Final Terms, 
it means that the Fiduciary consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to an Non-exempt 
Offer of such Notes by the relevant Dealer and by:
(i)
any financial intermediary (other than a Dealer) acting in association with the Fiduciary 
named Initial Authorised Offeror and whose name and address are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
any financial intermediary acting in association with the Fiduciary, appointed after the date 
of the applicable Final Terms, and named Additional Authorised Offeror and whose name 
and 
address 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Fiduciary 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com).
2.2
General Consent
If the clause “Type of Consent” is stated as being “General Consent” in the applicable Final Terms, 
it means that the Fiduciary consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to an Non-exempt 
Offer of Notes to any financial intermediary acting independently from the Fiduciary named General 
Authorised Offeror which:
(i)
holds all necessary licences, consents, approvals and permissions required by any laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body), applicable to the Non-
exempt Offer of the Notes to be authorised to do such offer under the applicable laws of the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the applicable law implementing MiFID II; and

--- Page 70 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt offers of Notes
70
(ii)
publishes on its website a statement that it makes such Non-exempt Offer of Notes based 
on the General Consent given by the Fiduciary for the use of the Base Prospectus (the 
Acceptance Statement):
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Notes] 
(the Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by [Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A.] (the Fiduciary) [and Societe Generale (the Guarantor)]. We hereby 
accept the offer by the Fiduciary [and the Guarantor] of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus 
(as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in accordance with the terms 
and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and confirm 
that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly.”
Through this publication on its website, the General Authorised Offeror commits itself to respect the 
following conditions:
(a)
it acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance (including from 
any regulatory body applicable to the Non-exempt Offer of the Notes in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction, in particular the applicable law implementing MiFID II (hereinafter the Rules) 
and makes sure that (i) any investment advice in the Notes by any person is appropriate, (ii) 
the information to prospective investors including the information relating to any expenses 
(and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by this General Authorised 
Offeror under the offer of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed prior to the investment in 
the Notes;
(b)
it complies with the restrictions set out under the section “Subscription, Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions” in the Base Prospectus related to the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction as if it acted 
as a Dealer in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and considers the relevant manufacturer’s 
target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II product 
governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms;
(c)
ensure that the existence of any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or 
rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale 
of the Notes does not violate the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Noteholders or 
prospective investors prior to their investment in the Notes and to the extent required by the 
Rules, provides further information in respect thereof;
(d) 
it complies with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and 
“know your customer” rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in 
compliance with such rules, to establish and document the identity of each prospective 
investor prior to initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any 
application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions 
as to the source of the application monies; it retains investor identification records for at least 
the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such 
records available to the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer or directly to the competent 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable 
the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-
corruption, anti-bribery and “know your customer” rules applying to the Fiduciary and/or the 
relevant Dealer, as the case may be;
(e)
co-operate with the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (d) 
above) and such further assistance as reasonably requested upon written request from the 
Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in 
any event, within any time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process. For this 
purpose, relevant information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(i)
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the 
Notes, the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer; and/or
(ii)
in connection with any complaints received by the Fiduciary and/or the relevant 
Dealer relating to the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised

--- Page 71 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt offers of Notes
71
Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by any 
regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or
(iii)
which the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time 
in relation to the Notes and/or as to allow the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer fully to 
comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements;
(f)
it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealers to breach any 
Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction;
(g)
it meets any other condition specified under the clause “Other conditions to consent” in the 
applicable Final Terms;
(h)
it commits itself to indemnify the Fiduciary, the relevant Dealer, Societe Generale and each 
of its affiliates for any damage, loss, expense, claim, request or loss and fees (including 
reasonable fees from law firms) incurred by one of these entities because of, or in relation 
with, any failure by this General Authorised Offeror (or any of its sub-distributors) to respect 
any of these obligations above; 
(i)
it has knowledge of, and is committed to complying with the laws and regulations relating to 
anti-bribery, corruption and Influence Peddling, including any changes thereto, applicable to 
its activities;
(j)           neither it nor, to the best of its knowledge, any of the persons whom it controls (including its 
directors, officers or employees, each a “Controlled Person”), nor any sub-distributor or 
intermediary it has mandated for the purposes of its activities, has committed or will commit 
any Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling directly or indirectly, in each case to or for the use or 
benefit of, any person or any government official (which shall include any official, employee 
or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any 
government of any jurisdiction, any public international organisation, any political party, or 
any quasi-governmental body).
Where: 
“Corrupt Act” shall mean the deliberate act (i) of giving, offering or promising directly or 
indirectly through others such as third party intermediaries, or (ii) soliciting or accepting, directly 
or indirectly through others such as third party intermediaries, any offer, donation, gift, 
invitation, reward or anything of value to any person (including any Public Official), for 
themselves or for a third party, that would or could be perceived either as an inducement to 
commit an act of corruption or as a deliberate act of corruption, in each case with a view to 
inducing any person (including a Public Official) to perform their functions improperly or 
dishonestly and/or getting any undue benefit. 
“Influence Peddling” shall mean the deliberate act of (i) giving, offering or promising to any 
person (including any Public Official), or (ii) yielding to any person (including any Public Official) 
who solicits, at any time, directly or indirectly, any offer, donation, gift, invitation, reward, or 
anything of value, for themselves or for others, in each case to abuse or for having abused 
their real or supposed influence with a view to obtaining from a Public Official any favourable 
decision or undue benefit.
“Public Official” shall mean elected officials, dignitaries, candidates for public office, members 
of royal families, magistrates, officials or employees, regardless of their grade, or any person 
belonging to or acting on behalf of (i) a government (foreign, national or local) including any 
department, agency, regulator or one if their bodies or instrumentalities, (ii) a government 
department or public authority (including but not limited to customs or tax authorities, 
embassies and all bodies issuing permits, (iii) a local or regional public service, (iv) a State-
owned or controlled enterprise (public hospitals, universities, sovereign investment funds or 
any other state-sponsored entity), (v) a political party, or (vi) an international court or public 
organisation (e.g. the UN);

--- Page 72 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt offers of Notes
72
 (k)
it has put in place appropriate rules and procedures, in a form and manner mandated by law 
and/or appropriate for a business of its size and resources, aiming at (i) preventing any 
Corrupt Act and Influence Peddling from being committed by itself, its Controlled Persons 
and – if any – its sub-distributor or other intermediaries it has mandated for the purpose of 
its activities and (ii) ensuring that any evidence or suspicion of a Corrupt Act or Influence 
Peddling is investigated and handled with the appropriate diligence. Any Corrupt Act or 
Influence Peddling related to its Activities shall be promptly reported to Societe Generale or 
the Fiduciary to the extent permitted by applicable law and acted upon accordingly;
(l)
neither it nor any of its agents, sub-distributors or Controlled Persons is ineligible or treated 
by any governmental or international authority as ineligible to tender for any contract or 
business with, or to be awarded any contract or business by, such authority on the basis of 
any actual or alleged Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling;  
(m)
It has kept adequate reasonably detailed books, adequate records and accounts in respect 
of its activities, in a form and manner appropriate for a business of its size and resources;
(n)
it represents and warrants that it shall not distribute financial instruments to, or enter into any 
arrangement with respect to financial instruments with, Sanctioned Persons. It shall 
implement and maintain appropriate safeguards designed to prevent any action that would 
be contrary to this section. 
Where:
“Sanctioned Person” means any individual or entity that is a designated target of Sanctions 
or is otherwise subject of Sanctions, including without limitation, as a result of being (a) 
owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any person/entity or persons/entities which is or 
are a designated target of Sanctions, or (b) organized under the laws of, or a resident of, any 
country or territory that is subject to comprehensive or country-wide Sanctions; 
“Sanctions” means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar 
measures enacted, administered or enforced by any of the following (or by any agency of 
any of the following):
(a)    the United Nations; 
(b)    the United States of America;
(c)    the United Kingdom; or
(d)    the European Union or any present or future member state thereof;
(o)
it undertakes to promptly inform Societe Generale or the Fiduciary of (a) any complaint 
received in relation to its activities or the financial instruments; or (b) any event affecting it, 
including but not limited to any of: (i) a regulatory investigation or audit of it or its affiliates, 
partners or agents; (ii) legal proceedings initiated by a competent regulatory authority against 
it or its affiliates, partners or agents; or (iii) a judgment rendered or penalty levied against it 
or its affiliates, partners or agents, which in each case might reasonably involve a 
reputational risk for Societe Generale or the Fiduciary; and
(p)
it acknowledges that its commitment to respect the obligations above is governed by 
Luxembourg law and agrees that any related dispute is brought before the courts of 
Luxembourg.
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus for an Non-exempt 
Offer of Notes in accordance with this General Consent and the related conditions is required, 
during the time of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance 
Statement.
3.
CONDITIONS TO CONSENT
The consent by the Fiduciary to the use of the Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph “Type of Consent” above if the clause “Type 
of Consent” is stated as being “General Consent” in the applicable Final Terms) that such consent:
(a)
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 73 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt offers of Notes
73
(b)
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes in France, Ireland, Luxembourg and The Netherlands, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
The only Relevant States for which each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor has given a consent for the 
making of Non-exempt Offers and which may be so specified in the applicable Final Terms as indicated in 
the paragraph 3(b) as Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions will be France, Ireland, Luxembourg and The 
Netherlands.
4.
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and 
sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and 
other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price, 
allocation and settlement arrangements (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The 
Fiduciary will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than the Dealer) in connection 
with the offer or sale of the relevant Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms will not contain such information.
The information relating to the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to 
the Investors by the Authorised Offeror at the time such Non-exempt Offer is made. None of the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any Dealer (except where such Dealer is the relevant Authorised Offeror) 
has any responsibility or liability to an Investor in respect of such information.

--- Page 74 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
74
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
1.
LIST OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference 
into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.
The documents incorporated by reference in paragraph 1.1 below are direct and accurate translations 
into English of the original version of such documents issued in French. Societe Generale accepts 
responsibility for such translations.
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus can be obtained from 
the office of Societe Generale and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, in each case at 
the address given at the end of this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference hereinto are available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu).
The content of websites or URLs referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.
1.1
Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale 
incorporates itself documents by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by 
reference herein. Any reference to documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale 
shall be deemed to exclude the parts referred to in (i), (ii) and (iii) in the subparagraphs below.
1.1.1    2020 Universal Registration Document
The expression "2020 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the 
Document d’enregistrement universel 2020 of Societe Generale, the French version of which was 
filed with the AMF on 12 March 2020 under no. D.20-0122, except for (i) the cover page containing 
the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the universal registration document 
and the annual financial report made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe 
Generale, page 568 and (iii) the cross reference tables, pages 569 to 572.
The cross reference table in relation to the 2020 Universal Registration Document appears in the 
paragraph 2.1.1 below.
The 2020 Universal Registration Document is available on the Societe Generale website 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Document-d-enregistrement-
universel/2020/sg_urd_eng_2020.pdf).
1.1.2  
2021 Universal Registration Document 
The expression "2021 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the 
Document d’enregistrement universel 2021 of Societe Generale, the French version of which was 
filed with the AMF on 17 March 2021 under no. D. 21-0138, except for (i) the cover page containing 
the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the universal registration document 
and the annual financial report made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe 
Generale, page 628 and (iii) the cross reference tables, pages 629 to 632.
The cross reference table in relation to the 2021 Universal Registration Document appears in the 
paragraph 2.1.2 below.

--- Page 75 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
75
The 2021 Universal Registration Document is available on the Societe Generale website 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-
03/2021%20Universal%20Registration%20Document.pdf).
1.1.3  
First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
The expression "First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document" means the 
English version of the Premier amendement du Document d’enregistrement universel 2021 of 
Societe Generale, the French version of which was filed with the AMF on 7 May 2021 under no. D.21-
0138-A01, except for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person 
responsible for the first amendment to the universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric 
Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 38 and (iii) the cross reference tables, 
pages 40 to 42.
The cross-reference table in relation to the First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document appears in the paragraph 2.1.3 below.
The First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document is available on the Societe 
Generale 
website 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-05/First-
update-of-the-URD-2021-D.21-0138-A01.pdf ).
1.2
Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
1.2.1 Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2019
The expression 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements means the English version of the 
consolidated financial statements, consolidated management report and report of the Réviseur 
d’Entreprises Agréé of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. which contains, among others, the annual 
financial statements audited for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
The cross reference table in relation to 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements the appears in 
the paragraph 2.2.1. below.
The 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements are available on the Fiduciary’s website 
(https://www.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/REPORTS/SGLUXE
MBOURG_CONSOLIDATED_FINANCIAL_STATEMENTS.pdf)   
1.2.2 Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2020
The expression 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements means the English version of the 
consolidated financial statements, consolidated management report and report of the Réviseur 
d’Entreprises Agréé of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. which contains, among others, the annual 
financial statements audited for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.
The cross reference table in relation to 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements the appears in 
the paragraph 2.2.2. below.
The 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements are available on the Fiduciary’s website 
(https://www.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/REPORTS/
SOCIETE_GENERALE_CONSOLIDATED_FINANCIAL_STATEMENTS_2020.pdf)

--- Page 76 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
76
1.3
Documents incorporated by reference in respect of Previous Base Prospectus
The expression “Previous Base Prospectus” means collectively the July 2019 Base Prospectus and the 
June 2020 Base Prospectus.
To the extent that the Previous Base Prospectus incorporates itself documents by reference, such documents 
shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein.
The cross reference table in relation to the Previous Base Prospectus appears in paragraph 2.3 below.
When the Form of Final Terms that appears in the Previous Base Prospectus is incporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus, the introduction paragraph of such previous Form of Final Terms is no longer valid and 
the introduction paragraph of the Form of Final Terms set out in this Base Prospectus must be used.
1.3.1
The expression "July 2019 Base Prospectus" means collectively:
-
the fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 4 July 2019;
-
the supplement dated 23 September 2019;
-
the supplement dated 22 October 2019;
-
the supplement dated 27 November 2019;
-
the supplement date 22 January 2020;
-
the supplement date 24 February 2020
For the avoidance of doubt, the supplement dated 16 June 2020 is not incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus.
The fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 4 July 2019 is available on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SGBT_Fiduciary%20Note%20Issuance%20Progr
amme%2004.07.2019).
The supplement dated 23 September 2019 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%201_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Notes
%20Issuance%20Programme_%2023.09.2019).
The supplement dated 22 October 2019 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%202_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Notes
%20Issuance%20Programme_%2022.10.2019).
The supplement dated 27 November 2019 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%203_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Notes
%20Issuance%20Programme_27.11.2019).
The supplement dated 22 January 2020 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SUPPLEMENT%204_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Not
es%20Issuance%20Programme_22.01.2020).
The supplement dated 24 February 2020 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%205_SG%20Lux%20Fiduciary%20
Notes%20Issuance%20Programme_24.02.2020).
1.3.2
The expression "June 2020 Base Prospectus" means collectively:
-
the fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus date 24 June 2020;
-
the supplement dated 18 September 2020
The fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 24 June 2020 is available on 
prospectus.socgen 
website

--- Page 77 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
77
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG%20LUXEMBOURG_FIDUCIARY%20NOTES
%20ISSUANCE%20PROGRAMME_24.06.2020).
The supplement dated 18 September 2020 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%201_SG%20Lux%20Fiduciary%20
Notes%20Issuance%20Programme_18.09.2020).
For the avoidance of doubt, the supplement dated 8 April 2021 is not incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus.
2.
CROSS REFERENCE TABLES OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The non-incorporated parts and the non-incorporated documents are not incorporated by reference 
as they are not relevant for an investor or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
References to pages appearing in each of the cross-reference tables are to those of each document 
incorporated by reference.
2.1
Cross reference tables relating to Societe Generale
2.1.1
2020 Universal Registration Document 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980
2020 Universal  
Registration 
Document
RISK FACTORS
148-156
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
History and development of the company
7-8
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer
550
Place of registration, registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuer
550
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer
550
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, applicable legislation, country of 
incorporation, address and telephone number of its registered office and 
website
550
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Principal activities
8-10 ; 49-55
Principal markets
8-15 ; 18-28 ; 30-31 ; 
423-426
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
Summary description of the Group and the Issuer's position within it
8-10 ; 30-31
TREND INFORMATION
16-17
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Board of Directors and senior management
70-101 ; 142

--- Page 78 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
78
2.1.2
2021 Universal Registration Document 
Administrative bodies and senior management's conflicts of interest
142
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
Control of the Issuer
545-546 ; 549
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE 
ISSUER
Historical financial information
135 ; 147 ; 157-163 ;
172-173 ; 181 ; 183-186 
; 199-211 ; 214 - 219 ; 
231-236 ; 310-473 ; 474- 
540
Financial statements
310-535
Consolidated Balance sheet
310-311
Consolidated income statement
312
accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated 
financial statements
316-468
             Cash flow statement
315
              Changes in equity
417 - 419
Parent Company Balance sheet
481-482
Parent Company income statement
482
accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial 
statements
483-535
Auditing of the historical annual financial information
469-473 ; 536-540
Legal and arbitration proceedings
247 ; 466-468 ; 533-535
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
64
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980
2021 Universal 
Registration 
Document
RISK FACTORS
152-162
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
History and development of the company
7-8
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer
607
Place of registration, registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI) of the  
Issuer
607
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer
607
Domicile and legal form of the   Issuer , applicable legislation, country of 
incorporation, address and telephone number of its registered office and 
website
607
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Principal activities
8-10; 47-52
Principal markets
8-13; 16-26; 28-29; 466-
470

--- Page 79 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
79
2.1.3
First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
Summary description of the Group and the Issuer 's position within it
8-10; 28-29
TREND INFORMATION
59; 14-15
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Board of Directors and senior management
64-97
Administrative bodies and senior management's conflicts of interest
146
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
Control of the Issuer
603-604;606
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE 
ISSUER
Historical financial information
138; 168-171; 179-180; 
190; 192-196; 204-205; 
208-218; 224-234; 243-
247; 352-522; 529-592
Financial statements
352-593
Consolidated Balance sheet
352-353
Consolidated income statement
354
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated financial 
statements
359-519
Cash flow statement
357
Changes in shareholders’ equity
356
Parent Company Balance sheet
536
Parent Company income statement
537
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial statements
538-592
Auditing of the historical annual financial information
523-528; 593-598
Legal and arbitration proceedings
259; 519-522; 590-592
Significant changes in the Issuer 's financial position
59
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
59

--- Page 80 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
80
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980
First Amendment to 
the 2021 Universal 
Registration 
Document
RISK FACTORS
30-32
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Principal markets
5-28 
TREND INFORMATION
3-28 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE 
ISSUER
Historical financial information
5-28
Financial statements
5-28
Legal and arbitration proceedings
36-37
Significant changes in the Issuer's financial position
3-28
2.2
Cross reference tables relating to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
2.2.1
2019 Consolidated Financial Statements
2019 Consolidated Financial Statements
pages
Consolidated Financial Statements
24-156
Consolidated balance sheet
24-25
Consolidated income statement
26
Consolidated statement of net income and unrealised or deferred gains 
and losses
27
Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements
31-156
Shareholders’ Equity
29-30
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé
20-23
2.2.2
2020 Consolidated Financial Statements
2020 Consolidated Financial Statesments
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé
24-27
Consolidated Financial statements
28-171
Consolidated balance sheet
28-29
Consolidated income statement
30
Consolidated statement of net income and unrealised or deferred gains 
and losses
31
Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements
35-171
Shareholders’ Equity
32-33

--- Page 81 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
81
2.3
Cross reference table relating to Previous Base Prospectus
Previous Base Prospectuses
Section
Pages
July 2019 Base Prospectus
Form of Final Terms
144-211
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Notes
212-361
Base prospectus
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
362-833
Supplement dated 23 September 
2019
Form of Final Terms
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Notes
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
Relating 
to 
Formulae
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of Index Linked 
Notes
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for SGI Index 
Linked Notes
29-30
30-33
34
35-36
36-38
Supplement dated 22 October 
2019
Form of the Final Terms
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae
8-14
14-19
19-29
Supplement dated 27 November 
2019
Form of the Final Terms
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes
5
6-7
Supplement dated 22 January 
2020
Form of the Final Terms
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions
9
10-11
Supplement dated 24 February 
2020 
Form of Final Terms
2
June 2020 Base Prospectus
Form of Final Terms
85-159
Base prospectus
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Notes
160-308

--- Page 82 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
82
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
309-752
Supplement dated 18 September 
2020
Form of Final Terms
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Index Linked 
Notes
6
6-7

--- Page 83 ---
Final Terms of Drawdown Prospectus
83
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS
In this section the expression necessary information means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, 
the Fiduciary and the Guarantor have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will therefore be contained 
either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the 
applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other 
necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, will be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus.
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of such 
Tranche of Notes only, complete the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and this Base Prospectus and must 
be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed 
to the extent described in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference 
in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.
The Fiduciary and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued, offered 
to the public, and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes described in this Base Prospectus, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus will be 
submitted for approval to the relevant competent authority and will be made available. In the case of a 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is 
the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
In accordance with Article 6(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Drawdown Prospectus will be drawn up as 
a single document, incorporating by reference, if applicable, the relevant parts of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 84 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus
84
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Fiduciary shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Fiduciary will prepare and make available an appropriate 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue 
of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market shall constitute a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus (or a new Base Prospectus, as applicable) as required (for supplements) by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto 
or new Base Prospectus as such Dealer may reasonably request.
The Fiduciary has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake, material inaccuracy or omission relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects 
of the Fiduciary, the Group and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Fiduciary shall prepare a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes, and shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto 
as such Dealer may reasonably request.
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Fiduciary and the Guarantor will, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus (a Supplement) in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. Such Supplement as prepared will 
have to be approved by the CSSF. Statements contained in any such Supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus provided 
that any such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of supplement to the Base Prospectus 
pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
In the case of Notes subject to a Non-exempt Offer to the public, in accordance with Article 23(2a) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
Supplement is published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the publication of this 
Supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the securities, 
whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Fiduciary or the offeror. The final date of the right 
of withdrawal shall be stated in the Supplement.

--- Page 85 ---
Form of Final Terms
85
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme where:
* will apply if the minimum denomination is less than €100,000
** will apply if the minimum denomination is at least €100,000
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach:
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and 
therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may 
be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included:
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
OR
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach:
MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID 
II]; EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 2[(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and [(iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services]] [(iii) the determination of the appropriate channels 
1 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.
2 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If 
there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure 
execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 86 ---
Form of Final Terms
86
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients has been made and is available on the website 
https://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]3.]]
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and 
therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may 
be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included:
UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER4 [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR5 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services]] [(iii) the determination of the appropriate channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients has been made and is available on the website https://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt] [, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]6.]7]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the Securities and Futures Act) - In connection with Section 
309B of the Securities and Futures Act and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Fiduciary has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the Securities and Futures Act), that the Notes 
are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]8
3 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.
4 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS).
5 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness.
6 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.
7 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an 
approval of this document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors 
on a non-exempt basis.
8 
To be included if Notes are offered in Singapore and the classification differs from that specified on the cover page of this 
Base Prospectus

--- Page 87 ---
Form of Final Terms
87
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Dated []
[The following language applies if the Notes are distributed in or from Switzerland:
The Notes described in these Final Terms do not constitute a participation in a collective investment 
scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). 
Therefore, the Notes are not subject to authorisation and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and investors in the Notes will not benefit from protection 
under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. Investors in the Notes will bear a credit risk on [the 
Fiduciary] [and the Guarantor].]
[Legend to be included if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Fiduciary wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”: PROHIBITION OF SALES 
TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/27/EU (as amended or superseded, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Legend to be included if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Fiduciary wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable": PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK 
RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.
(acting in a fiduciary capacity pursuant to the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trust 
and fiduciary contracts, as amended)
Legal entity identifier (LEI) for the Collateral Pool: []

--- Page 88 ---
Form of Final Terms
88
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
[Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Societe Generale]
under the Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under 
“General Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2021[, which constitutes 
a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of 
Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to such Base Prospectus [dated [•]] and any other supplement] published prior to the Issue 
Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s))]; provided, however, that to the extent such Supplement (i) is 
published after these Final Terms have been signed or issued and (ii) provides for any change to the 
Conditions as set out under the heading “General Terms and Conditions” of the Notes, such change shall 
have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final Terms relate. Full information 
on the Fiduciary, [in case of Secured Notes: the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s). Prior to acquiring 
an interest in the Notes described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the information 
provided in these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and be aware of the restrictions 
applicable to the offer and sale of such Notes in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
persons that are not Permitted Transferees. [A summary of the issue of the Notes  is annexed to these Final 
Terms.] Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available for 
inspection from the head office of the Fiduciary, the [Guarantor,] the specified offices of the Paying Agents 
[and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in the case of Non-exempt Offers; 
on the website of the Fiduciary (http://prospectus.socgen.com).]
(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of Notes which is being increased was issued 
under a prospectus with an earlier date which was incorporated by reference in this prospectus:)
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions under ["General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes"] in the Base Prospectus dated [4 July 2019] [24 June 2020] as 
supplemented by [for Base Prospectus dated 4 July 2019: the supplement dated 23 September 2019, the 
supplement dated 22 October 2019, the supplement dated 27 November 2019, the supplement dated 22 
January 2020 and the supplement dated 24 February 2020] [for Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2020: the 
supplement dated 18 September 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
18 June 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of 
Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
18 June 2021 [which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the Prospectus Regulation)] to the extent that such amendments have been implemented in a 
Member State) [and the supplement[s] to such Base Prospectus dated [] [and any other supplement] 
published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s))]. Full information on the Fiduciary 
[in the case of Secured Notes: the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) thereto. [A summary of 
the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available for inspection from 
the head office of the Fiduciary,[ the Guarantor,] the specified offices of the Paying Agents and, in the case 
of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [, and, in the case of Non-exempt Offers, 
on the website of the Fiduciary (http://prospectus.socgen.com).]
[In case of public offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus expires on 
[17] June 2022. The succeeding base prospectus will be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com.]

--- Page 89 ---
Form of Final Terms
89
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms. If “Not Applicable” is specified in respect of a 
paragraph, the remaining sub-paragraph(s) shall be deleted.]
[When completing final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.]
[When the context requires, any reference to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in these Final Terms may be replaced 
by “Certificates” and “Certificateholders”.]
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency in order to comply with United Kingdom selling 
restrictions.]
[Any reference in the applicable Final Terms to any date expressed under the form «DD/MM/YY» shall be 
deemed to be a reference to any date expressed under the form “Day/Month/Year”]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
1.
(i)         Series Number:
[Insert the series number]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[Insert the tranche number]
(iii)
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable]
[The Notes shall be assimilated and form a single 
series with the [Insert title of the Notes related to 
the previous tranche number of the series] on 
[Insert date] [the Issue Date] [issue date plus forty 
days]]
(iv)
Type of Notes:
[Repack Notes] [Secured Notes]
2.
Specified Currency:
[Insert the currency of the Notes] [Renminbi 
Currency Event applicable as per General 
Condition 5.12] [Relevant Currency: [Insert the 
relevant currency]]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Tranche:
[Insert the aggregate nominal amount of the 
tranche]
(ii)
Series:
[Insert the aggregate nominal amount of the series]
4.
Issue Price:
[[Insert the percentage]% of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] [[Insert the currency and the amount] per 
Note of [Insert the currency and the amount] 
Specified Denomination] [plus an amount equal to 
the interest accrued from and including [Insert date] 
to but excluding [Insert date] [the Issue Date] 
(which is equal to [Insert the number of days] days’ 
accrued interest)] [Offer Price]
5.
[(i)]
Specified Denomination:
[Insert the currency and the amount]

--- Page 90 ---
Form of Final Terms
90
[In respect of any issue of Exempt Offer Notes, the 
€100,000 
minimum 
denomination 
is 
not 
required.]**
[Only if the Notes are Notes other than Registered 
Notes, if the Specified Denomination is expressed 
to be €100,000 or its equivalent in another currency 
and multiples of a lower principal amount (for 
example €1,000 or its equivalent in another 
currency), insert the additional wording as follows:
€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination exceeding €199,000.]*
[NB: Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one 
denomination only]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes which are Single 
Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes: (in relation 
to each Note, and subject to Condition 1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes, the Nominal Amount)]
[NB: The following apply for Definitive Bearer Notes, Definitive Bearer Certificates and Definitive 
Registered Notes only:
[(ii)]
Calculation Amount:
[Not Applicable] [Insert the currency and the 
amount]
[NB: The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used for the calculation of interest and 
redemption amounts) will be (i) if there is only one Specified Denomination, the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if there are several Specified Denominations or the 
circumstances referred to in paragraph 5(i) apply (e.g. Specified Denominations of €100,000 and 
multiples of €1,000), the highest common factor of those Specified Denominations Note that 
there must be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations. If 
“Calculation Amount” is to be used in the applicable Final Terms, corresponding references to 
the Calculation Amount for interest, put and call options and redemption amount calculation 
purposes should be included in the terms and conditions set out in the Base Prospectus. Note 
that a Calculation Amount of less than 1,000 units of the relevant currency may result in practical 
difficulties for paying agents and/or ICSDs who should be consulted if such an amount is 
proposed.]
[NB: For Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes the Calculation Amount must 
be calculated on the basis of the Issue Price.]
[(iii)]
Adjusted Specified 
Denomination:
[Insert the currency and the amount]
[NB: only applicable to Instalment Notes.]
6.
(i)
Issue Date: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[Insert the date] 
[NB: For Preference Share Linked Notes, the Preference Shares should have been issued at 
least one Business Day prior to the Issue Date. For Warrant Linked Notes, the Warrants should 
have been issued at least one Business Day prior to the Issue Date]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date :
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[Not Applicable] [Issue Date] [specify]

--- Page 91 ---
Form of Final Terms
91
[NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for certain Notes, for example for Zero 
Coupon Notes]
7.
Maturity Date [In the case of Italian 
Certificates only: Final Exercise Date]:
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[In respect of Repack Notes:
[Insert the scheduled maturity date] (such date 
being the Scheduled Maturity Date) subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 26 “Part 2 – Repack Notes 
Specific Provisions” of the General Terms and 
Conditions below and “Part 2 – Repack Notes 
Specific Provisions” of the General Terms and 
Conditions [In respect of Credit Linked Notes: and 
subject to the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes].
In respect of Secured Notes select:
[Insert the date] [If Interest is unadjusted: [Insert the 
date]] [If Interest is adjusted: The Interest Payment 
Date scheduled to fall in or nearest to [Insert a 
month and a year.]]
[For Preference Share Linked Notes: [Insert the 
scheduled date] (such date being the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), subject to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes.]
[In case of Open-ended Notes: Open-ended.]
[In respect of Fund Linked Notes: [Insert the date], 
subject to postponement upon the occurrence of a 
Maturity Disruption Event, as provided in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Notes.]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: [Insert the 
scheduled maturity date] (such date being the 
Scheduled Maturity Date), subject to paragraph 
23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” and the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]
8.
(i)
Type of Structured Notes:
[Not Applicable]]
[Share Linked Notes] [Index Linked Notes] [SGI 
Index Linked Notes] [Depositary Receipts Linked 
Notes] [ETF Linked Notes] [Reference Rate Linked 
Notes] [Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes] 
[Commodity Linked Notes] [Fund Linked Notes] 
[Credit Linked Notes] [Inflation Linked Notes] [ETP 
Linked Notes] [Non-Equity Security Linked Notes] 
[Preference Share Linked Notes] [Warrant Linked 
Notes] [Future Linked Notes] [Portfolio Linked 
Notes].
The provisions of the following Additional Terms 
and Conditions apply:
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI 
Index Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and

--- Page 92 ---
Form of Final Terms
92
Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes]   
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign 
Exchange Rate Linked Notes] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Inflation Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF 
Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Non-Equity Security Linked Notes] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Warrant Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Future Linked Notes] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes]
(ii)
Reference of the Product:
[Not Applicable]
[[Insert the Reference of the Product as per 
Condition 3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae] [with Option [Insert the 
reference of the Option] applicable], as described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae.]
[If one or more than one Add-on is/are applicable 
for a particular Product:
[[With 
Add-on 
relating 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount applicable as per Condition 
1.4.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae: the [[“Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount”] [Final Redemption Amount] 
of the Product [Insert the Reference of the Product 
from the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae]] [Option [insert the reference of the 
Option] as described in Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] is applicable ] [With Add-on relating to 
Structured Interest Amount applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae: the Structured 
Interest Amount of the Product [Insert the 
Reference of the Product from the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae] is 
applicable] [With Add-on relating to Credit Linked 
Products or Repack Notes Products applicable as 
per Condition 1.4.3 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] [With Add-on 
relating to Memory Coupon(s) applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] [With Add-on 
relating to Global Factors applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.5 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] [with Option 
[Insert the reference of the Option] applicable] 
[With Add-on relating to Foreign Exchange Rates 
applicable as per Condition 1.4.6 of the Additional

--- Page 93 ---
Form of Final Terms
93
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae] [with 
Option [Insert the reference of the Option] 
applicable] [With Add-on relating to Capitalisation 
Rate applicable as per Condition 1.4.7 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] [With Add-on relating to hedging fees 
applicable to a Product Formula applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.8 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae.] [With Add-on 
relating to Optional Redemption Amount applicable 
as per Condition 1.4.9 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae: the [Final 
Redemption Amount of the Product [Insert the 
Reference of the Product from the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae]] 
[Option [Insert the reference of the Option] as 
described in Condition 3] is applicable]
[With Add-on relating to Variable Data applicable 
as per Condition 1.4.10 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae.]
[With Add-on relating to EU Allowance applicable 
as per Condition 1.4.11 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae.]
[With 
Add-on 
relating 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount applicable pursuant to 
Condition 1.4.1 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae: the “Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount” is modified as “Not 
Applicable”] [With Add-on relating to Structured 
Interest Amount applicable pursuant to Condition 
1.4.2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae: the “Structured Interest 
Amount” is modified as “Not Applicable”]]
9.
 Interest Basis:
[For Repack Notes: 
[See section “PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE” below]]
[For Secured Notes select:
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the percentage]% Fixed 
Rate] [[Specify the reference rate] [plus (+)] [minus 
(-)] [Insert the percentage]% Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] [Reverse Floating Rate] [Zero 
Coupon] 
[Dual 
Currency] 
[See 
section 
“PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF 
ANY) PAYABLE” below]]
10.
  Redemption/Payment Basis:
[For Repack Notes:
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to the provisions 
of “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of 
the General Terms and Conditions.] [In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes: and subject to the provisions 
of Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]]

--- Page 94 ---
Form of Final Terms
94
[For Secured Notes select:
Redemption at [par] [Final Redemption Amount]] 
[Physical Delivery. See paragraph 20 below] 
[Partly Paid. See paragraph 32 below] [Instalment. 
See paragraph 33 below] [[Credit] Linked. 
Redemption at Final Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes] [See section 
“PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION” 
below]]
11.
Fiduciary’s/Noteholders’ redemption 
options:
[Not Applicable] [Redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary] [Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders] 
[See 
section 
“PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION” below.]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
12.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable as per General Condition 4.1]
[In respect of Secured Notes: Applicable as per 
General Condition 4.1[In respect of Credit Linked 
Notes: , subject to the provisions of the paragraph 
23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” and the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]]
[In respect of Repack Notes: Applicable as per 
General Condition 4.1, subject to the provisions of 
paragraph 26 “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms and Condition” 
below and “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms and Conditions. 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: and subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions” and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[Insert the percentage] [Insert the percentage]% 
[per annum] [payable [annually] [semi-annually] 
[quarterly] [monthly] in arrear] [at Maturity Date] [up 
to and including [Insert date] [In case of Public 
Offer only: A percentage (indicatively [Insert the 
percentage] % subject to a minimum of [Insert the 
percentage]%) to be published by the Fiduciary on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on [Insert the date of 
the publication].
(ii)
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s):
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[Insert the interest payment date(s)] [[Insert the day 
and the month] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes or Repack Notes: 
[[Insert the day and the month] in each year from

--- Page 95 ---
Form of Final Terms
95
and including [Insert the date] to and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date]
[In respect of Repack Notes if Market Trigger Event 
is specified as Applicable in paragraph 27 “Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions” below: If a Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date occurs, the last Interest 
Payment Date is the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date.]
[NB: In the case of long or short coupons, insert the relevant Specified Period(s)]
(iii)
Business Day Convention:
[In respect of Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes: Not 
Applicable]
[In respect of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes, insert 
one of the following business day convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]] 
[Or: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[(adjusted/unadjusted)]
(iv)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] 
Interest Payment Date, the Fiduciary shall pay to 
the Noteholders, for each Note, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:]
[[Insert the currency and the amount] per Note of 
[Insert the currency and the amount] Specified 
Denomination] [[Insert the currency and the 
amount] per Calculation Amount] [Rate of Interest 
x Specified Denomination [x Day Count Fraction]]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Not Applicable” in 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: 
Rate of Interest x [Nominal Amount] [If “Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event” is stated as being 
“Guaranteed Coupon” in paragraph 23(v) “Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions”: Specified Denomination] 
[x Day Count Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Not Applicable” in 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Notes are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes:
Rate of Interest x [Relevant Proportion of the 
Interest Calculation Amount] [If “Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event” is stated as being “Guaranteed 
Coupon” in paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions”: Specified Denomination] [x Day Count 
Fraction]]

--- Page 96 ---
Form of Final Terms
96
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Applicable” in 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: 
The aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect 
of each Interest Period, each Observed Interest 
being equal to: Rate of Interest x [Nominal Amount] 
[If “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is stated 
as being “Guaranteed Coupon” in paragraph 23(v) 
“Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions”: 
Specified 
Denomination] [x Day Count Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Applicable” in the 
paragraph “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” and 
the Notes are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: The 
aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect of 
each Interest Period, each Observed Interest being 
equal to: Rate of Interest x [Relevant Proportion of 
the Interest Calculation Amount] [If “Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event” is stated as being 
“Guaranteed Coupon” in paragraph 23(v) “Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions”: Specified Denomination] 
[x Day Count Fraction]]
[In respect of Repack Notes and the Notes are 
Single Bond Repack Notes:
Rate of Interest x Specified Denomination [x Day 
Count Fraction]]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Not Applicable] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360 
convention] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[360/360 convention] [Bond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)]
(vi)
Broken Amount(s):
[[Insert the currency and the amount] per Specified 
Denomination] [[Insert the currency and the 
amount] per Calculation Amount], payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [Insert the date] 
[In case of a long or short Interest Period (with 
regard to paragraph 12(ii) “Specified Period(s) / 
Interest Payment Date(s)” above, the amount of 
interest will be calculated in accordance with the 
formula specified in paragraph 12(iv) “Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)” above.]
(vii)
Determination Date(s):
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the determination date(s)] 
[in each year]]
[NB: insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring the Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of 
a long or short first or last coupon. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
[NB: In the case of regular Interest Payment Dates which are not of equal duration, indicate each 
of the applicable Determination Date]

--- Page 97 ---
Form of Final Terms
97
13.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Secured Notes: Applicable as per 
General Condition 4.2 [In respect of Credit Linked 
Notes: , subject to the provisions of the paragraph 
23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” and the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]]
[In respect of Repack Notes: Applicable as per 
General Condition 4.2 subject to the provisions of 
paragraph 26 “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms and Conditions 
below and “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms and Conditions. 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: and subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions” and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Floating Coupon Amount:
[Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] 
Interest Payment Date, the Fiduciary shall pay to 
the Noteholders, for each Note, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:]
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant percentage);) [Min((insert the relevant 
percentage);) [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage]]][x Day Count Fraction]] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Not Applicable” in 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: [Nominal Amount] [If “Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event” is stated as being 
“Guaranteed Coupon” in paragraph “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions”: [Specified Denomination x 
[Max((insert the relevant percentage);) [Min((insert 
the relevant percentage);) [Reference Rate] [x 
insert the relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the 
relevant percentage]]][x Day Count Fraction]]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Not Applicable” in 
paragraph “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” and 
the Notes are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes:
[Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation 
Amount] [If “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” 
is stated as being “Guaranteed Coupon” in 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions”: 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant percentage);) [Min((insert the relevant 
percentage);) [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage]]][x Day Count Fraction]]

--- Page 98 ---
Form of Final Terms
98
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Applicable” in 
paragraph “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” and 
the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: The aggregate of the Observed 
Interest in respect of each Interest Period, each 
Observed Interest being equal to: [Nominal 
Amount] [If “Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” 
is stated as being “Guaranteed Coupon” in 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions”: 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant percentage);) [Min((insert the relevant 
percentage);) [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage]]][x Day Count Fraction]]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if “Observed 
Interest” is stated as being “Applicable” in 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Notes are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: 
The aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect 
of each Interest Period, each Observed Interest 
being equal to: [Relevant Proportion of the Interest 
Calculation Amount] [If “Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event” is stated as being “Guaranteed 
Coupon” in paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions”: 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert the relevant percentage);) [Min((insert 
the relevant percentage);) [Reference Rate] [x 
insert the relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the 
relevant percentage]]][x Day Count Fraction]]
[In respect of Repack Notes and the Notes are 
Single 
Bond 
Repack 
Notes: 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);) 
[Min((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);) [Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert the relevant 
percentage]]][x Day Count Fraction]]
[Or the following formula, which may be adapted In 
respect of Credit Linked Notes or Repack Notes:
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((Floor(i));) 
[Min((Cap(i);) [Reference Rate] [x Leverage 
Factor(i)] [+/- Spread(i)]]][x Day Count Fraction] 
Where:
[Cap(i)] [Floor(i)] [Leverage Factor(i)] [Spread(i)] 
means [insert the relevant percentage] on the 
[insert the relevant Interest Period]]
[In case of Public Offer only:
[Cap means a percentage (indicatively [Insert the 
percentage] % subject to a minimum of [Insert the 
percentage]%) to be published by the Fiduciary on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on [Insert the date of 
the publication].

--- Page 99 ---
Form of Final Terms
99
[Floor means a percentage (indicatively [Insert the 
percentage] % subject to a minimum of [Insert the 
percentage]%) to be published by the Fiduciary on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on [Insert the date of 
the publication].
[Leverage 
Factor 
means 
a 
percentage 
(indicatively [Insert the percentage] % subject to a 
minimum of [Insert the percentage]%) to be 
published 
by 
the 
Fiduciary 
on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on [Insert the date of 
the publication].
[Spread means a percentage (indicatively [Insert 
the percentage] % subject to a minimum of [Insert 
the percentage]%) to be published by the Fiduciary 
on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [Insert the 
date of the publication].] 
(ii)
Specified Period(s) /Interest 
Payment Date(s):
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[Insert the interest payment date(s)] [In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes or Repack Notes: [Insert the 
day and the month] in each year from and including 
[Insert the date] to and including the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.]
[In respect of Repack Notes if Market Trigger Event 
is specified as Applicable in paragraph 26 “Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions” below: If a Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date occurs, the last Interest 
Payment Date is the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date.]
(iii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention] [Following Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted]
[NB: Insert “unadjusted” if the application of the relevant business day convention is not intended 
to affect the Interest Amount. See General Condition 4.7.1]
(iv)
Business Centre(s):
[Not Applicable] [Insert the business centre(s)]
(v)
Method of determination of the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount:
[ISDA Determination] [Standard Screen Rate 
Determination] [Compounded RFR Screen Rate 
Determination] [Averaged RFR Screen Rate 
Determination]  [RFR Compounding Method – 
[Compounding with Lookback] [Compounding with 
Observation Shift] [Compounding with Lockout] 
[OIS Compounding]] [RFR Averaging Method – 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback][Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Shift] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout][Overnight Averaging]] 
[If ISDA Determination is applicable as per General Condition 4.2.3.1]
-
Floating Rate Option:
[Insert the floating rate option] [If the Rate of 
Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period (as per General 
Condition 4.2.3.1), insert the relevant Interest

--- Page 100 ---
Form of Final Terms
100
Period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination]
-
Designated Maturity:
[Insert the designated maturity]
-
Reset Date:
[Insert the reset date]
[If Standard Screen Rate Determination is applicable as per General Condition 4.2.3.2]
-
Reference Rate:
[Insert the reference rate] [If the Rate of Interest is 
determined by linear interpolation in respect of an 
interest period (as per General Condition 4.2.3.2), 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination]
-
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[Insert the interest determination date(s)]
-
Specified Time:
[Insert the specified time]
-
Relevant Screen Page:
[Insert the relevant screen page]
[If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable as per General Condition 4.2.3.3]
-
Reference Rate:
[Insert the reference rate] 
-
Underlying Benchmark:
[Insert the underlying benchmark]
-
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[Insert the interest determination date(s)]
-
Specified Time:
[Insert the specified time]
-
Relevant Screen Page:
[Insert the relevant screen page]
-
Tenor:
[specify]
-
[RFR Compounding Method] 
[RFR Averaging Method]:
[Compounding with Lookback] [Compounding with 
Observation Shift] [Compounding with Lockout] 
[OIS Compounding]
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation Shift] [Averaging with Lockout] 
[Overnight Averaging] 
[If RFR Compounding Method - [Compounding with Lookback] [Compounding with Observation Shift] 
[Compounding with Lockout][OIS Compounding] or if RFR Averaging Method - [Averaging with 
Lookback][Averaging with Observation Shift] [Averaging with Lockout][Overnight Averaging] is applicable 
as per General Condition 4.2.3.4]
-
Reference Rate:
[Insert the reference rate] 
-
Underlying Benchmark:
[Insert the underlying benchmark]
-
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[Insert the interest determination date(s)]
-
Specified Time:
[specify]

--- Page 101 ---
Form of Final Terms
101
-
Daily Capped Rate:
[Applicable. The Daily Capped Rate is [specify]] 
[Not Applicable]
-
Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable. The Daily Floored Rate is [specify]] 
[Not Applicable]
[if Compounding with Lookback or Averaging with Lookback applies]
-
 [Lookback r:]
[specify if different from 5]]
[if Compounding with Observation Shift or Averaging with Observation Shift applies]
-
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Day:]
[specify financial center(s) or if none specified it 
shall be deemed that no Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day applies]
-
[“s”:] 
[specify if different from 5]
-
Set-In-Advance Observation 
Period:
 [Not Applicable] [Applicable. The Set-In-Advance 
Observation Period is [specify]]
-
[First 
Set-In-Advance 
Observation Period:]
[From and including [insert date] to but excluding 
[insert date]]
(both dates must be an Observation Period Shift 
Business Day)
[If Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout applies, add the following subparagraphs]
-
[Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Day:]
[Specify financial center][Applicable Business Day]
-
[“t”:]
[specify if different from 5]
(vi)
Margin(s)/Spread(s):
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the percentage]% [Plus 
(+)] [Minus (-)] [Insert the percentage]% per 
annum] [If any, see formula in paragraph 13(i) 
“Floating Coupon Amount” above]
(vii)
Leverage Factor:
[Not Applicable] [Insert Leverage Factor] [If any, 
see formula in paragraph 13(i) “Floating Coupon 
Amount” above]
(viii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the percentage]% [per 
annum]] [If any, see formula in paragraph 13(i) 
“Floating Coupon Amount” above]
(ix)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the percentage]% [per 
annum]] [If any, see formula in paragraph 13(i) 
“Floating Coupon Amount” above]
(x)
Day Count Fraction:
[Not Applicable] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360 
convention] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[360/360 convention] [Bond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)]
(xi)
Rate Multiplier:
[Not Applicable] [Insert the rate multiplier]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]

--- Page 102 ---
Form of Final Terms
102
-
Benchmark Rate:
[Reference Rate USD-LIBOR] [Reference Rate 
GBP-LIBOR] [Reference Rate EUR-EURIBOR] 
[Reference Rate EUR-EURIBOR-Swap Rate] 
[Reference Rate USD-CMS] [Reference Rate 
USD-CMS] [Reference Rate SHIBOR] [other]
[NB: Benchmark for the purposes of General Condition 4.2.4 and in respect of 
“Reference Rate SHIBOR” only for the purposes of General Condition 4.2.6]
-
Floating Rate Option:
[Insert the floating rate option]
-
Designated Maturity:
[Insert the designated maturity]
-
Upper Limit:
[Insert the upper limit]
-
Lower Limit:
[Insert the lower limit]
14.
Structured Interest Note Provisions:
[Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Structured Notes: Applicable as per 
General Condition 4.3 [In respect of Credit Linked 
Notes:, subject to the provisions of the paragraph 
23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” and the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]]
[In respect of Repack Notes: Applicable as per 
General Condition 4.3 subject to the provisions of 
paragraph 27 “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms and Conditions 
below and “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” 
of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: and 
subject to the provisions of paragraph 23(v) “Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions” and the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]].
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Structured Interest Amount(s):
Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] 
Interest Payment Date[(i) (i from [] to [])], the 
Fiduciary shall pay to the Noteholders, for each 
Note, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as follows: 
[The sum of each Structured Interest Amount(i) 
determined in respect of each Valuation Date(i) (i 
from [] to []) occurring before the Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
each 
Structured 
Interest 
Amount(i) being equal to:] 
Specified Denomination x [Insert the Product 
Formula described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to 
the Reference of the Product specified in 
paragraph 8(ii) "Reference of the Product" above] 
[Definitions relating to the Structured Interest 
Amount are set out in paragraph 24(ii) 
"Definitions relating to the Product".]

--- Page 103 ---
Form of Final Terms
103
(ii)   Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) [(i)]:
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[Insert the interest payment date(s)]
[In respect of Repack Notes if Market Trigger Event 
is specified as Applicable in paragraph 26 “Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions” below: If a Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date occurs, the last Interest 
Payment Date is the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date.]
[NB: For Specified Period(s), see General Condition 4.2.1]
(iii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention] [Following Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted]
[NB: insert “unadjusted” if the application of the relevant business day convention is not intended 
to affect the Interest Amount. See General Conditions 4.7.1 and 4.3]
(iv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Not Applicable] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [360/360] [Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)]
(v)
Business Centre(s):
[Insert the business centre(s)]
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 4.4] 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[Insert the accrual yield] [[Insert the percentage]% 
per annum]
(ii)
Reference Price:
[Insert the reference price]
(iii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
Late Payment:
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
per 
General 
Conditions 6.1.8 and 6.2.1]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16.
Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Fiduciary: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition [6.1.3.1]]
[If applicable In respect of Credit Linked Notes or 
Repack Notes: Subject to the provision of notice in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph 
16(iii), 
the 
Fiduciary may redeem the Notes in whole, but not 
in part, on [specify the date(s) or the type of date(s)] 
[from but excluding the Issue Date to but excluding 
the Scheduled Maturity Date].]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
[NB: Optional Redemption Amount(s) as per General Condition 6.1.3.1.1 of the General Terms 
and Conditions]

--- Page 104 ---
Form of Final Terms
104
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount:
Unless previously redeemed, at the option of the 
Fiduciary, the Notes may be early redeemed on the 
Optional Redemption Date[(i) (i from [/] to [/])] in 
accordance with the following provisions in respect 
of each Note: 
[Specified Denomination x [insert percentage]%]
[Final Redemption Amount calculated on the 
valuation date linked to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]]
[if the Notes are Open-ended Notes or EU 
Allowance Notes: Specified Denomination x [insert 
the Product Formula of the Final Redemption 
Amount in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Reference of the Product specified in paragraph 
8(ii) “Reference of the Product” above but 
calculated on the valuation date linked to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date.] 
[Market Value]
[For Preference Share Linked Notes: Calculation 
Amount x (Preference Share Value Optional[(i)] / 
Preference Share Value Initial)]
[For Warrant Linked Notes: Calculation Amount x 
(Warrant Value Optional[(i)] / Warrant Value Initial)] 
[Redemption of the Notes will be subject to a 
maximum aggregate nominal amount to be 
redeemed equal to [insert currency / amount] per 
[insert frequency: day, other] as stated in the duly 
completed Put Notice deposited by the Noteholder 
with the Registrar or any Paying Agent.]
[Definitions relating to the Optional Redemption 
Amount are set out in paragraph 24(ii) “Definitions 
relating to the Product”.]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[Insert the optional redemption date(s)] [Specify 
other]
[NB: Notice Period as per General Condition 6.1.3.1.3. When setting notice periods, the Fiduciary 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for 
example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Fiduciary and the Principal Paying Agent]
(iii)
Notice Period:
[[Insert the number of days] days prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date] [specify other]
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Notes: The 
Fiduciary shall give not less than [Insert the number 
of days] Business Days’ (as defined in Condition 2 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes) notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), provided, however that 
any such notice shall be deemed to be void and of 
no effect, if a Credit Event Notice has been, or is, 
delivered to Noteholders in accordance with the 
Conditions at any time on or prior to 5.00 p.m.

--- Page 105 ---
Form of Final Terms
105
(Paris time) on the fourth Business Day preceding 
the date fixed for redemption in accordance with 
this paragraph 16(iii).]
[If applicable in respect of Repack Notes: The 
Fiduciary shall give not less than [Insert the number 
of days] Business Days’ (as defined in Condition 2 
of Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions) notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), provided, 
however that any such notice shall be deemed to 
be void and of no effect, if a Bond Event Notice has 
been, or is, delivered to Noteholders in accordance 
with the Conditions at any time on or prior to 5.00 
p.m. (Paris time) on the fourth Business Day 
preceding the date fixed for redemption in 
accordance with this paragraph 16(iii).]
[If applicable, in respect of Credit Linked Notes or 
Repack Notes: and any such notice of redemption 
at the option of the Fiduciary, along with the 
Optional Redemption Amount[(i) (from [] to [])], 
shall be deemed to prevail in the following case[s]:
[(a)] a [Credit] [Bond] Event Notice has been 
delivered prior to, or is delivered to the Noteholders 
on the same day as, or after, any such notice of 
redemption at the option of the Fiduciary [;] [.]
[(b) a [Potential Failure to Pay] [and a] [Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium] [has] [have] already 
occurred and [is] [are] continuing at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date[(i)] [;] [.]]
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Notes: [(b)] 
[(c)] a Notice of Pending Credit Event was 
delivered less than 100 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date[(i)] and, 
immediately prior to such Optional Redemption 
Date[(i)], (x) no DC No Credit Event Announcement 
has been published and (y) no Credit Event Notice 
in relation to the pending event has been 
delivered.]]]]
[NB: Final Redemption Amount as per General Condition 6.1.1]
(iv)
Redemption in part:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
-
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[Insert the minimum redemption amount]
-
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[Insert the maximum redemption amount]
(v)
Redemption in part following 
Noteholder Identification Failure
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 6.3.3]
17.
Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Noteholders:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 6.1.3.2]

--- Page 106 ---
Form of Final Terms
106
[NB: Optional Redemption Amount as per General Condition 6.1.3.2.1]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount:
Unless previously redeemed, at the option of the 
Noteholders, the Notes held by the Noteholder 
exercising the option may be early redeemed on 
the Optional Redemption Date[(i) (i from [/] to [/])] 
in accordance with the following provisions in 
respect of each Note:
[Specified Denomination x [Insert percentage]%]
[Final Redemption Amount calculated on the 
valuation date linked to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]
[if the Notes are Open-ended Notes or EU 
Allowance Notes: Specified Denomination x [insert 
the Product Formula of the Final Redemption 
Amount in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Reference of the Product specified in the 
paragraph 8(ii) “Reference of the Product” above 
but calculated on the valuation date linked to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date.]] 
[Market Value]
[For Warrant Linked Notes: Calculation Amount x 
(Warrant Value Optional[(i)] / Warrant Value Initial)]
[For Preference Share Linked Notes: Calculation 
Amount x (Preference Share Value Optional[(i)] / 
Preference Share Value Initial)]]
[Definitions relating to the Optional Redemption 
Amount are set out in paragraph 24(ii) “Definitions 
relating to the Product”.]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[Insert the optional redemption date(s)] [Specify 
other]
[NB: Notice Period as per General Condition 6.1.3.2.2]
(iii)
Notice Period:
[[Insert the number of days] days prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date] [specify other]
18.
Automatic Early Redemption:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 6.1.4]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount(s):
Unless previously redeemed, if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred, then the 
Fiduciary shall redeem early the Notes on 
Automatic Early Redemption Date[(i) (i from [] to 
[])], in accordance with the following provisions in 
respect of each Note: 
[Specified Denomination x [Insert the Product 
Formula described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to

--- Page 107 ---
Form of Final Terms
107
the Reference of the Product specified in 
paragraph 8 (iv) “Reference of the Product” above]] 
[For Warrant Linked Notes: Calculation Amount x 
(Warrant Value Exercise[(i)] / Warrant Value Initial) 
[Definitions relating to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount are set out in paragraph 24(ii) 
"Definitions relating to the Product".]
(ii)
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s) [(i)]:
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]
[insert the Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if relevant: 
[Insert the automatic early redemption date(s)] 
(such date(s) being the Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date), subject to the provisions of 
paragraph 23(v) “Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.]
(iii)
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event:
[insert the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Event applicable to the Product pursuant to 
Condition 1.2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Formulae]
19.
Final Redemption Amount [In the case of 
Italian Certificates only: Final Exercise 
Amount]:
Unless previously redeemed, the Fiduciary shall 
redeem the Notes on the [Maturity Date] [Final 
Exercise Date], in accordance with the following 
provisions in respect of each Note:
[At par]
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[insert 
the 
percentage]%]
[[insert the currency and the amount] per Note of 
[insert the currency and the amount] Specified 
Denomination] [[insert the currency and the 
amount] per Calculation Amount]
[Insert the formula of the Final Redemption Amount 
corresponding to the reference of the product in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae and mentioned in the paragraph 8(ii) 
“Reference of the Product” above]
[In case of Open-ended Notes: Not Applicable, the 
Notes are open-ended.]
[For Preference Share Linked Notes: Calculation 
Amount x (Preference Share Value Final / 
Preference Share Value Initial)]
[For Warrant Linked Notes: Calculation Amount x 
(Warrant Value Final / Warrant Value Initial)]
[In addition, for Repack Notes: PROVIDED THAT 
if a Bond Event Determination Date occurs, the 
Fiduciary shall redeem the Notes on the Maturity 
Date, in accordance with the provisions of these 
Final Terms and the provisions of “Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions.]

--- Page 108 ---
Form of Final Terms
108
 [Definitions relating to the Final [Redemption] 
[Exercise] Amount are set out in paragraph 24(ii) 
“Definitions relating to the Product”.]
[NB: If the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal value, the Notes will be 
derivative securities for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 of 
the Prospectus Regulation will apply]
[NB: Final Redemption Amount as per General Condition 6.1.1 or, in the case of Italian Certificates, Final 
Exercise Amount as per General Condition 6.1.2]
[In case of Italian Certificates only, insert the 
following subparagraph[s]:
 
[-
Final Payment Date:
[Insert the final payment date]]
[If Repack Notes is applicable, delete the following paragraph:
20.
Physical Delivery Notes Provisions:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 5.14].
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Deliverable Asset(s):
[See paragraph “Underlying(s)” below] [If the 
deliverable assets] is/are different from the 
underlying asset(s) specified in the paragraph 23(i) 
“Underlying(s)” 
below: 
[Insert 
the 
relevant 
deliverable asset pursuant to the provisions of 
General Condition 5.14] [In respect of Credit Linked 
Notes: Specified Deliverable Obligation(s)]
(ii)
Physical Delivery Amount:
[See paragraph 19 “Final Redemption Amount” 
and, if applicable, paragraph 18(i) “Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s)” above]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if applicable:
Applicable, as provided in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]
(iii)
Provisions governing whether 
transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) or 
payment of a cash sum will apply:
[See paragraph 19 “Final Redemption Amount” 
and, if applicable, paragraph 18(i) “Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s)” above]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if applicable: 
Applicable, as provided in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]
(iv)
Fiduciary’s option to vary method 
of settlement:
[No] [Applicable as per General Condition 5.14.2] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, if applicable: 
Applicable, as provided in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]
(v)
Method of transfer of Deliverable 
Asset(s) in respect of Physical 
Delivery Amount (if other than 
Delivery):
[As per General Condition 5.14.1] [In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes: Delivery through the relevant 
Clearing System unless the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations are not eligible for clearance by the 
relevant Clearing System or otherwise as specified 
in Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, in which case 
transfer will take place outside the relevant 
Clearing System as set out in Condition 1 of the

--- Page 109 ---
Form of Final Terms
109
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes]
(vi)
Consequences 
of 
Settlement 
Disruption Event(s):
As per General Condition 5.14.4
TRIGGER REDEMPTION
21.
Trigger redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition [6.3.6]]
[Insert the following subparagraph only if Trigger redemption at the option of the Fiduciary is Applicable as 
per General Condition 6.3.6]
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level:
[10% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] [[Insert 
other outstanding amount trigger level] % of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount]
EARLY REDEMPTION
22.
Early Redemption for Tax Event, Special 
Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force 
Majeure Event, Fiduciary Event and Bond 
Event Determination Date: 
[Early 
Redemption] 
[Early 
Redemption 
or 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date]
[Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option 
of the Noteholders, except for Force Majeure 
Event, 
Fiduciary 
Event 
or 
Bond 
Event 
Determination Date]
[Early Redemption Amount: [[Insert the currency 
and the amount] per Note of [Insert the currency 
and the amount] Specified Denomination] [[Insert 
the currency and the amount] per Calculation 
Amount] [Market Value] 
[In the case of Preference Share Linked Notes or 
Warrant Linked Notes: the Early Redemption 
Amount as defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for [Preference Share Linked Notes] 
[Warrant Linked Notes]]
[Market Value except for Early Redemption 
Amount payable on Fiduciary Event in which case 
such amount will be equal to [insert the currency 
and the amount] per Note of [insert the currency 
and the amount] Specified Denomination]] 
[Early Redemption [for Tax Event] [or] [Special Tax 
Event] will not apply for the purpose of General 
Condition 6.3.1[and for the purpose of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions [specified in 
paragraph 23 below] [and] [the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]]
 
[In the case of Repack Notes: The Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
upon 
a 
Bond 
Event 
Determination Date shall be the Cash Redemption 
Amount as per Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions.]
[General Condition 6.2.2 will not apply to Tax Event 
and Special Tax Event for the purpose of the 
General Condition 6.3.1.]

--- Page 110 ---
Form of Final Terms
110
[General Condition 6.2.2 will not apply for the 
purpose of General Condition 6.3.1.]
[NB: there will always be an Early Redemption Amount at least in case of early redemption following an 
event of default]
[NB: The provisions of Early Redemption Amount payable following the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special 
Tax Event and/or, Regulatory Event as per General Condition 6.3.1, Fiduciary Event as per General 
Condition 6.4.1 or Bond Event Determination Date as per Condition 6.5.1]
[NB: In respect of Italian Certificates only, “Market Value” means the amount determined in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Certificates 
immediately prior (and ignoring the circumstances leading) to such early termination]
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE UNDERLYING(S)
23.
Terms relating to the Underlying(s):
(i)
Underlying(s):
[Not Applicable] [If Credit Linked Notes: As 
provided in paragraph “Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions” below.]
[Where the underlying is a security, include the 
name of the issuer of the security and the 
International 
Securities 
Identification 
Number 
(ISIN) or other such security identification code.
Where the underlying is an index, include the name 
of the index. If the index is not composed by the 
Fiduciary, need to include details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained. In 
case of SGI Index Linked Notes, if Advised SGI 
Index is applicable need to specify.
Where the underlying is an interest rate, include a 
description of the interest rate]
Where the underlying does not fall within the 
categories specified above, the applicable Final 
Terms shall contain equivalent information.
Where the underlying is a Future or a Basket of 
Future, need to disclose the Future, the Next Active 
Future Contract, the Exchange, the Future Start 
Time, the Future End Time, the Future Underlier, 
the relevant weightings of each Underlying in the 
Basket. 
Where the underlying is a basket of underlyings, 
need to disclose the relevant weightings of each 
underlying in the basket.
Where the underlying is a Portfolio or a basket of 
Portfolios, the Annex For Portfolio Linked Notes 
below needs to be completed, and insert the 
following: The [basket of] [Portfolio] as described in 
the Annex for Portfolio Linked Notes below.]
[Particularly in case of SIS Notes: insert ISIN code 
(if any) as well as initial effective value of the 
Underlyings] 
(ii)
Information relating to the past 
and future performances of the 
Underlying(s) and volatility:
[Not Applicable] [Need to include details of the 
relevant website or screen page where information 
on past and future performances and volatility can 
be obtained as specified in item 23(i).]

--- Page 111 ---
Form of Final Terms
111
(iii)
Provisions 
relating, 
amongst 
others, to the Market Disruption 
Event(s) 
and/or 
Extraordinary 
Event(s) and/or any additional 
disruption event as described in 
the relevant Additional Terms 
and Conditions:
[Not Applicable]
The provisions of the following Additional Terms 
and Conditions apply:
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI 
Index Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign 
Exchange Rate Linked Notes] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Inflation Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF 
Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Non Equity Security Linked Notes] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Warrant Linked Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes – Condition 3  “Additional Provisions relating 
to CDS Spread”].
[Specify if Hedging Disruption is not applicable]
[Specify if Increased Cost of Hedging is not 
applicable]
[Specify if Stop-Loss Event is not applicable]
[For Fund Linked Notes, specify if “Fund Event_2 
is applicable]
(iv)
Other information relating to the 
Underlying(s):
[Not Applicable] [Where information has been 
sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation 
that 
this 
information 
has 
been 
accurately 
reproduced and that as far as the Fiduciary is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. In addition, 
the Fiduciary shall identify the source(s) of the 
information] [In the case of Notes to be listed to SIX 
Swiss Exchange: To the extent information or 
summaries of information contained herein with 
respect to the Underlying(s) has been extracted 
from general databases publicly available or by any 
other available information, each of the Fiduciary 
and the Guarantor, if any, confirms that this 
information has been accurately reproduced and 
that as far as the Fiduciary and the Guarantor, if 
any, is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, the Fiduciary shall identify the source(s) 
of the information.]

--- Page 112 ---
Form of Final Terms
112
                    (v)  Credit Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable [and] [Condition 3 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes (Additional Provisions related to CDS 
Spread)] shall apply.] 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(a)
Type of Credit Linked Notes:
[Single Name Notes] [First-to-Default Notes] 
[Basket Notes] [Tranche Notes]
(b)
Terms relating to Settlement:
(A.)
Settlement Type:
[American Settlement] [European Settlement] 
(B.)
Settlement Method:
[Cash Settlement, pursuant to Condition 1.1.3 of 
the Additional and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [Or but ONLY for Single Name Notes and 
First-to-Default Notes and the Settlement Type is 
American 
Settlement: 
Physical 
Settlement, 
pursuant to Condition 1.1.1 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]
(C.)
Final Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage] per cent.]
[If Floating Recovery with Auction Method applies: 
the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to a 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and if a 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published 
on or before 140 Business Days following the 
Credit Event Determination Date, that provides for 
the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event has occurred, 
subject to the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement 
Event, means the Auction Final Price (as specified 
in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms 
and 
expressed 
as 
a 
percentage) 
determined, if any, under such Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and applicable to the seniority of 
the Reference Obligation or if a Fallback 
Settlement Event occurs or no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 
Business 
Days 
following 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Determination 
Date, 
means 
the 
amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit 
Valuation Date as follows:
(x)
the Final Price if there is only one Selected 
Obligation; or
(y)
the weighted average of the Final Prices of 
the Selected Obligations if the latter are a 
portfolio,
In each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for 
such Selected Obligation(s).]
[Floating Recovery with Quotations Dealers 
Method: 
Final 
Value 
means 
the 
amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit 
Valuation Date as follows:
(x)
the Final Price if there is only one Selected 
Obligation; or

--- Page 113 ---
Form of Final Terms
113
(y)
the weighted average of the Final Prices of 
the Selected Obligations if the latter are a 
portfolio, in each case, minus the Valuation 
Hedging 
Cost 
for 
such 
Selected 
Obligation(s).
[If Physical Settlement: Not Applicable]
(D.)
Unwind Costs:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [Standard Unwind Costs Standard Unwind 
Costs means in respect of each Note, an amount, 
subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without 
duplication) all costs, expenses (including break 
funding charges and loss of funding, which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, represents the loss of future 
interest amounts to be received under the funding 
arrangement(s) entered into in relation to the 
Notes), tax and duties incurred directly or indirectly 
by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in 
relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date and the related partial or total 
termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
Hedge Position, such amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes.] [Not 
Applicable: the Unwind Costs in respect of each 
Note will be equal to zero.]
(c)
Provisions relating to Basket 
Notes:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]
[If (c) is Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(A.)
Relevant Proportion:
As per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.
(B.)
Aggregate Loss Amount:
[If the Notes are Basket Notes which are not 
Tranche Notes: As per Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, 
means at any time for a Basket Note that is not a 
Tranche Note, the aggregate of the Loss Amount 
in respect of all Reference Entities in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred.] [If the Notes are Tranche Notes: As per 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes, means at any time for a 
Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the Tranche 
Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and 
(y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the 
Loss Amount for all Reference Entities in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination 
Amount.]
(C.)
Loss Amount:
[In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes if 
the paragraph “N-to-M-to-Default” is stated as 
being as “Not Applicable”: In relation to each 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal 
to the product of:

--- Page 114 ---
Form of Final Terms
114
(i)
the Reference Entity Notional Amount and
(ii)
the difference between the Reference 
Price and the Final Value, subject to a 
minimum of zero.]
[In respect of Tranche Notes if the paragraph “N-
to-M-to-Default” is specified as “Applicable”: In 
relation to each Reference Entity in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred:
-
which has a Ranking strictly lower than N: 
an amount equal to the product of:
(i)
the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and
(ii)
the Reference Price;
-
which has a Ranking higher than or equal 
to N and lower than or equal to M: an 
amount equal to the product of:
(i)
the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and
(ii)
the 
difference 
between 
the 
Reference Price and the Final 
Value, subject to a minimum of 
zero;
-
which has a Ranking strictly higher than M: 
an amount equal to zero.]
(D.)
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [For each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the amount equal to the 
product of the Reference Entity Weighting and the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount]
(E.)
Tranche Notes:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]
[If (E.) is Not Applicable, delete the remaining]
(1)
Tranche 
Subordination 
Amount:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [The Reference Portfolio Notional Amount 
multiplied by the Attachment Point]
(2)
Tranche Notional 
Amount:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [The Aggregate Nominal Amount]
(3)
N-to-M-to-Default:
[Not Applicable]
[N = [number corresponding to the Ranking starting 
at which the Aggregate Loss Amount will be an 
amount greater than zero] 
M = [number corresponding to the Ranking above 
which the Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to 
increase]
P= [number of Reference Entities within the 
Reference Portfolio]]

--- Page 115 ---
Form of Final Terms
115
(4)
Attachment 
Point:
[If the Notes are Tranche Notes if the paragraph “N-
to-M-to-Default” is specified as “Not Applicable”: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes]%] [if the paragraph “N-to-M-to-Default” is 
specified as “Applicable”: [(N-1)/P]%]
(5)
Detachment 
Point:
[If the Notes are Tranche Notes with N-to-M-to-
Default is Not Applicable: [Specify for the purposes 
of Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]%]] [If N-to-M-
to-Default is specified as Applicable: [M/P]%]
(F.)
Reference Portfolio 
Notional Amount:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [If the Notes are Tranche Notes: An amount 
equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount divided by 
the difference between the Detachment Point and 
the Attachment Point] [If the Notes are Basket 
Notes: An amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount]
(G.)
Reference Price:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [[Insert the percentage]%]
[For each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the percentage specified as 
such in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto or, 
if not specified, 100%.]
(H.)
Reference Entity 
Weighting:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [For Each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the proportion specified as 
such in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto 
which will be adjusted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes]
(I.)
Interest Recovery: 
[Fixed Interest Recovery with an Interest Recovery 
Rate of [Insert the percentage] %] [Floating Interest 
Recovery]] [Not relevant. The Notes do not bear 
interest.] 
[Not 
relevant. 
The 
sub-paragraph 
“Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified 
as being “Guaranteed Coupon”]
(d)
Transaction Type:
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, as specified 
in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
(e)
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation(s):
[[If Cash Settlement and Fixed Recovery: Not 
Applicable] [Applicable]]
[If (e) is Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining]

--- Page 116 ---
Form of Final Terms
116
(A.)
[Deliverable/ Selected] 
Obligation Category:
[For 
Single 
Name 
Notes: 
The 
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation 
Category 
specified in hereto] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio, 
the 
[Deliverable] 
[Selected] 
Obligation 
Category 
specified in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
(B.)
[Deliverable/ Selected] 
Obligation 
Characteristics:
[For 
Single 
Name 
Notes: 
The 
[Deliverable/Selected] Obligation Characteristics 
specified in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio, 
the 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Characteristics 
specified in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
(f)
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event:
[In respect of [Fixed Rate Note Provisions:] 
[Floating Rate Note Provisions:] [Structured 
Interest Note Provisions:]] [No Accrued Interest 
upon Credit Event] [Accrued Interest upon Credit 
Event] [Guaranteed Coupon] [If no coupon: Not 
relevant. The Notes do not bear interest.]
[NB: Guaranteed Coupon only where “Settlement Type” is “European Settlement”]
(g)
Observed Interest:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Condition 1.2 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes]
[If (g) is Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph]
[-
Interest 
Observation 
Dates
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes]]
(h) 
First Credit Event Occurrence 
Date:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes]
(i) 
Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [The 4th Business Day immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date.]
(j) 
Reference Entity(ies):
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto (or any Successor 
thereto)]
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: The Reference Entities comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio as described in “Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes” hereto (or any Successor 
thereto)]
[so far as the fiduciary is aware and/or able 
to ascertain from information 
published by the reference entity:
Information required by item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 to 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 to be provided]

--- Page 117 ---
Form of Final Terms
117
(k) 
Multiple Successor(s):
[For 
Single 
Name 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
(i.e. 
Condition 
1.4 
(Multiple 
Successors) 
of 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes apply to the 
Notes to deal with the split, if any, of the Reference 
Entity into several resulting entities).] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default Notes: Not relevant. The provisions of 
Condition 1.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes do not apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, splits into several 
resulting entities are dealt with in the definition of 
Successor as per Condition 2 the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]
(l) 
Reference Obligation(s):
[CUSIP/ISIN: [Insert the identification number] 
[None]]
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio, 
the 
Reference Obligation(s) specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
[(or 
any 
obligation 
replacing 
such 
original 
Reference Obligation as per the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes).]
(m) 
Credit Events:
[For Single Name Notes: The Credit Event(s) 
specified in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Credit 
Event(s) specified in “Annex for Credit Linked 
Notes” hereto]
(n) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information:
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, as specified 
in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
(o)
Obligation(s):
(A.)
Obligation 
Category:
[For Single Name Notes: The Obligation Category 
specified in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio, 
the 
Obligation Category specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto]
(B.)
Obligation 
Characteristics:
[For 
Single 
Name 
Notes: 
The 
Obligation 
Characteristics specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto]

--- Page 118 ---
Form of Final Terms
118
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio, 
the 
Obligation Characteristics specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
(p)
All Guarantees:
[For Single Name Notes: As specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto] 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-
Default 
Notes: 
For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, as specified 
in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” hereto]
(q)
Additional provisions relating to 
certain 
specific 
Reference 
Entities:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, if relevant, as per 
Condition 1.8 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes] 
(r) 
Business Days (for the purposes 
of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes):
[Specify for the purposes of Condition of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] [The Business Days specified in “ Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes “ hereto]
(s) 
Reference Entities Switch and/or 
Maturity Extension at the option 
of the Fiduciary:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Condition 1.11 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.
The Reference Portfolio as described in the “Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes” hereto constitutes the 
components of the [specify the Initial Index Name] 
Series [i] Version [j], as published by Markit on 
[specify the website link].
By no later than [specify the date], the Fiduciary will 
have the right but not the obligation to apply 
Reference 
Entities 
Switch 
[and 
Maturity 
Extension].
Amended Reference Portfolio: components of the 
[specify the Initial Index Name] Series [j]+1, 
Version 1, to be published by Markit on [specify the 
website link].
 
(if (s) is Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph)
-
Notice Period:
[Maturity 
Extension: 
Amended 
[Scheduled] 
Maturity Date: [specify the Amended [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date]].]]
[insert the number of days] days prior to the 
effective date of the Reference Entities Switch [and 
Maturity Extension].
(t)
Other applicable options as per 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes:
[Not Applicable] [Specify the source of Publicly 
Available Information which must be used when the 
Public Source is different from the sources 
specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes] [Specify the Specified 
Number if such number is different from the 
Specified Number anticipated in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]
[If “Physical Settlement” applies: Specify if Include 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest 
applies]

--- Page 119 ---
Form of Final Terms
119
[If “Cash Settlement” applies and one of the 
following options applies to the Notes; Specify if 
[Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued 
Interest] 
or 
[Exclude 
Deliverable/Selected 
Obligation Accrued Interest] applies]
[Specify the [Excluded Obligation], [Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation] 
[Excluded 
Selected 
Obligation] if different from the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes]
[Specify if Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is applicable]
[Specify if Substitution Event Early Redemption is 
not applicable]
[Specify Trigger Percentage applicable to a 
Reference Entity if applicable]
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: Specify Interest 
Credit Factor if different from 100%]
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: Specify Interest 
Loss Factor if different from 100%]
[Specify Principal Credit Factor if different from 
100%]
[Specify Principal Loss Factor if different from 
100%]
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: Specify if 
Preliminary Cash Redemption is not applicable]
[Only if Condition 3 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes  (Additional 
Provisions related to CDS Spread) applies:
[Specify the External Provider Time if different from 
15.00 London time]
[Specify the Quotation Deadline Time if different 
from 17.00 London time]
[Specify the Quotation Method if different from 
Offer]
[Specify the Reference CDS Currency if different 
from that specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes]
[Specify the Reference CDS Maturity if different 
from 5-year]
[Specify if Switch Option is not applicable]
[Specify if Limited Recourse Provisions are 
applicable]]
DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO INTEREST (IF ANY), REDEMPTION AND THE UNDERLYING(S)
24.
(i)
Definitions relating to date(s):
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]
[-
Insert any relevant 
date(s):
[Insert date(s)]]

--- Page 120 ---
Form of Final Terms
120
(ii) 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Product:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae] [Applicable. 
All or part of the definitions relating to the Product 
being those used in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae.]]
[-
Insert 
any 
relevant 
defined 
term(s) applicable to interest (if 
any), 
redemption 
and 
the 
underlying(s) (if any), from the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae:
[Insert the relevant definition(s) corresponding to 
the reference of the product in the Additional Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae 
and 
mentioned in paragraph “Reference of the Product” 
above]]
TERMS REGARDING COLLATERALISATION
25.
Collateralisation Provisions:
(i)
Type of Collateral Pool:
[Single Series Collateral Pool] [Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool]
(ii)
Fiduciary Account Number:
[Specify the account number of the Fiduciary 
Account]
(iii)
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
following the occurrence of a 
Collateral Disruption Event:
[Market Value as per General Condition 6.2.1] [as 
defined in paragraph 22 “Early Redemption for Tax 
Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force 
Majeure Event, Fiduciary Event and Bond Event 
Determination Date”] [Specify for the purpose of 
Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the General 
Terms and Conditions]
(iv)
Waiver of Rights 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]
(v) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Condition 9.8 of 
Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the General 
Terms and Conditions]
[if (v) Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph:
[-
Method of transfer of 
Collateral 
Assets 
in 
respect 
of 
Collateral 
Assets Entitlement:
[Delivery through Clearstream  or Euroclear or any 
other relevant clearance institution (the Collateral 
Assets Clearing System) unless the Collateral 
Assets are not eligible for clearance by the 
Collateral Assets Clearing System, in which case 
transfer will take place outside the Collateral 
Assets Clearing System.]]
(vi)
Order of Priority:
[The Standard Order of Priority (as such term is 
defined in Condition 1 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions) 
applies] [Insert any alternative Order of Priority 
pursuant to the definition of “Order of Priority” in 
Condition 1 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions 
of the General Terms and Conditions]
(vii)
Other applicable options as per 
the Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions:
[Not Applicable]
[Collateral Business Day means [•].]

--- Page 121 ---
Form of Final Terms
121
[Where the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 
specify where the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Screen Page and the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Specified Time differ from the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page and the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Specified Time specified in Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions]
[Where the Collateral Valuation Currency is other 
than Euro, specify the Collateral Valuation 
Currency, the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Screen Page and the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Specified Time]
[Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate 
of Exchange is applicable] 
[Where 
Predetermined 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency Rate of Exchange is applicable specify 
the predetermined rate of the Collateral Valuation 
Currency]
[Specify where a different Valuation Point shall be 
used] [If Fiduciary Account is not the account to be 
liquidated Specify pledge account will be used]
[Specify any other period for the delivery of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement]
TERMS RELATING TO REPACK NOTES
26.
Part 
2 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions of the General Terms and 
Conditions:
[if Type of Notes is Repack Notes: Applicable]
[If Type of Notes is Secured Notes: Not Applicable]
[If Type of Notes is Secured Notes, delete the remaining subparagraphs
(i)
Type of Repack Notes:
[Single Bond Repack Notes] 
(ii)
Fiduciary Securities:
[The Bond(s) specified in “Annex for Fiduciary 
Securities” hereto.]
(iii)
Fiduciary Securities Substitution
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Condition 
3.4.1.3 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions of 
the General Terms and Conditions.]
(iv)
Eligibility Criteria
The Bond or the Reference Portfolio described in 
“Annex for Fiduciary Securities”.
[If Fiduciary Securities Substitution is Applicable: 
On the relevant substitution, bonds (including 
notes, certificated debt securities and other debt 
securities) meeting the following criteria shall be 
treated as meeting the Eligibility Criteria (i)] issued 
or guaranteed by the [insert the same country as 
the Bond] [or by an issuer incorporated in [insert 
the same country as the Bond]  and with an 
equivalent Rating (as determined by the Collateral 
Agent in its sole discretion) if available or if no such 
equivalent Rating is available, an equivalent credit 
risk (as determined by the Collateral Agent in its 
sole discretion) and to the extent that the Collateral 
Agent determines (in its sole discretion) to be

--- Page 122 ---
Form of Final Terms
122
practicable issued by entities incorporated or 
resident in the same jurisdiction.  “Rating” means 
the rating assigned by the three rating agencies 
Moody’s Investor Service, Inc., Standard & Poor’s 
Ratings Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. and 
Fitch Ratings or any of them, it being understood 
that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity 
are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be 
taken into consideration.
[If the “Collateral Test” is specified as “Notes 
Market Value Test”: 
[Eligibility Criteria 1: Any assets that are eligible to 
be included in the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating 
to undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code Monétaire et 
Financier as applicable as of the Issue Date of the 
Notes).]
[Eligibility Criteria 2: Any assets that are eligible to 
be included in the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating 
to undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code Monétaire et 
Financier as applicable as of the Issue Date of the 
Notes). Bonds with a rating lower than B-, asset 
backed securities (ABS) and non UCITS hedge 
funds shares, are excluded from the scope of the 
Eligible Collateral Assets]
[Eligibility Criteria 3: Equities, bonds issued by 
issuers or guaranteed by guarantors with a rating 
higher than B-, hedge funds shares or mutual funds 
shares.]
[Eligibility Criteria 4: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Republic of France by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) 
if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings 
if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]
[Eligibility Criteria 5: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Republic of Italy by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or 
by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no 
rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]

--- Page 123 ---
Form of Final Terms
123
[Eligibility Criteria 6: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Republic of Spain by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or 
by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no 
rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]
[Eligibility Criteria 7: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Kingdom of Belgium by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) 
if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings 
if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]
[Eligibility Criteria 8: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the United Kingdom by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or 
by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no 
rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]
[Eligibility Criteria 9: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the republic of Germany by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) 
if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings 
if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]
[Eligibility Criteria 10:
-
Sovereign debt securities (bonds or bills) 
issued by the government of the United 
Kingdom; and/or, 
-
Equities comprised in the FTSE 100 Index 
(or its successor index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent); and/or, 
-
Investment grade bonds (i.e. bonds with a 
credit rating which is BBB- or higher by Standard & 
Poor's or Baa3 or higher by Moody's).]
[Eligibility Criteria 11: Any securities with a value 
reviewed 
on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be applicable. Societe 
Generale equities or Societe Generale unsecured 
debt instruments are not authorized in this pool.]
[Eligibility Criteria 12: Each Fiduciary Security or 
bond (including notes, certificated debt securities 
and other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by 
(i) the Bond Issuer (as defined in Part 2 Condition 
2) or (ii) by any member state of the G7 countries.]
[Eligibility Criteria 13: Each Fiduciary Security or 
bond (including notes, certificated debt securities 
and other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by

--- Page 124 ---
Form of Final Terms
124
(i) the Bond Issuer or (ii) by any member state with 
a long term debt rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Bond Issuer by Standard & 
Poor's Rating Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service 
(Moody's) if no such rating is assigned by S&P, or 
by Fitch Ratings if no such rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).]
[Eligibility Criteria 14: with cash denominated in 
[specify currency]]]
[Eligibility Criteria 15: Equities, bonds issued by 
issuers or guaranteed by guarantors with a rating 
higher than B-, asset backed securities (ABS), 
hedge funds shares or mutual funds shares]
[Eligibility Criteria 16: Any securities with a value 
reviewed 
on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be applicable. Societe 
Generale equities or Societe Generale unsecured 
debt instruments are not authorized in this pool. In 
case of collateralised debt instruments of Societe 
Generale or any affiliates, these collateralised 
debts instruments have the same eligibility criteria 
as the Eligibility Criterias of the Notes specified in 
the Final Terms.]
(v)
Collateralisation Percentage:
[If “Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary” at 
paragraph 16 above is “Not Applicable”:
[100% from the Issue Date to (and including) the 
Maturity Date of the Bond and 0% from (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date of the Bond to (and 
including) 
the 
Maturity 
Date 
PROVIDED 
HOWEVER that in case of a Bond Event 
Determination Date (or the Repack Notes 
Exceptional Event Date as the case may be), 0% 
from (but excluding) the Bond Event Determination 
Date (or the Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date 
as the case may be) to (and including) the Cash 
Redemption Date.]
[100% from the Issue Date to and including the 
Maturity Date PROVIDED HOWEVER that in case 
of a Bond Event Determination Date (or the Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Date as the case may be), 
0% from (but excluding) the Bond Event 
Determination Date (or the Repack Notes 
Exceptional Event Date as the case may be) to 
(and including) the Cash Redemption Date.]
[If “Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary” at 
paragraph 16 above is “Applicable”:
[100% from the Issue Date to (and including) the 
earlier of the Notice Date (as defined below) or the 
Maturity Date of the Bond and 0% (i) in the case of 
a redemption at the option of the Fiduciary, from 
(but excluding) the Notice Date to (and including) 
the Optional Redemption Date and (ii) if the 
Fiduciary does not exercise its right to redemption 
at the option of the Fiduciary from (but excluding)

--- Page 125 ---
Form of Final Terms
125
the Maturity Date of the Bond to (and including) the 
Maturity Date.
Provided however that in case of a Bond Event 
Determination Date (or the Repack Notes 
Exceptional Event Date as the case may be), 0% 
from (but excluding) the Bond Event Determination 
Date (or the Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date 
as the case may be) to (and including) the Cash 
Redemption Date.
Notice Date means the day on which the 
redemption at the option of the Fiduciary is notified 
during the Notice Period as defined in the section 
“Redemption at the Option of the Fiduciary” above.]
(vi)
Haircut
[Haircut 1: The Haircut applicable to each 
Collateral Assets is 0%] 
[Haircut 2: The Haircut applicable to an equity 
security comprised in one of the following indices: 
S&P 500, EUROSTOXX 600, NIKKEI 225, HK 
Index, Korean Index is 0%
The Haircut applicable to any other equity security 
is 25%] 
[Haircut 3: The Haircut applicable to an equity 
security or bond with a rating higher than B- by 
Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of 
S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) is 0%
The Haircut applicable to a mutual fund share is 
10%.
The Haircut applicable to an asset backed security 
(ABS) or a hedge fund share is 20%]
(vii)
Diversification Criteria Rules:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
[If Diversification Criteria Rules are applicable:
[Diversification Criteria 1: The Collateral Assets 
comprised in a Collateral Pool and linked to a 
single series pool or multi-series pool shall comply 
with the diversification requirements applying to the 
assets of an Undertaking for Collective Investment 
in Transferable Securities complying with UCITS 
IV.]
[Diversification Criteria 2: None]
[Diversification Criteria 3: The Collateral Assets 
comprised in a Collateral Pool shall comply with 
any of the following limits, or any combination 
thereof:
[insert the following as applicable]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the bonds asset type and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]

--- Page 126 ---
Form of Final Terms
126
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the corporate bonds asset type and (ii) the 
Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the sovereign bonds asset type and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type (excluding funds) and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type (including Exchange 
Traded Funds but excluding other funds) and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type (including Exchange 
Traded Funds and other mutual funds but 
excluding other funds) and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;] 
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
any Collateral Asset and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities included in an index and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities issued by any one Obligor and (ii) 
the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating 
to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
bond securities issued by any one Obligor and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
equity securities issued by any one Obligor 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities issued by Obligors (bond or equity) 
incorporated in [the same country / specify 
country] and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market

--- Page 127 ---
Form of Final Terms
127
Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities denominated in the same currency 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%; [and]]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
cash denominated in [specify currency] and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%.]
Market Value means, in respect of any asset, a 
valuation of the asset, as determined  by the 
Calculation Agent using standard market methods 
for the relevant asset, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Such standard market methods include 
but are not limited to, requesting quotations for the 
asset from one or more leading dealers in the 
relevant market and/or using the net asset value or 
the aggregate amount that would be received by a 
hypothetical investor in the asset, as the case may 
be, on placement of a valid order for redemption 
thereof.
As used herein, equities shall include, but not be 
limited to, exchange traded funds shares or units, 
hedge funds shares or units, mutual funds shares 
or units, options and warrants.]]
(viii)
Collateral Test:
[Fiduciary Securities Value Test] [Notes Market 
Value Test]
(ix)
Collateral Test Date(s):
[Specify] [No periodic Collateral Test Dates] [Each 
Collateral Business Day]
(x)
Terms relating to Settlement:
i.
Settlement Type:
[American Settlement] [European Settlement]
ii.
Bond Final Value:
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage] per cent.]
[Floating Recovery: For each Bond, the percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
(i)         the Bond Final Price;
(ii)
plus, if any, any partial or total repayment 
in cash of the Bond which would have been 
paid to the holders of the Bond under the 
Bond as of the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date as determined by the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
expressed 
as 
a 
percentage of the Bond Notional Amount;
(iii)    plus, if any, the price (expressed as a 
percentage of the Bond Notional Amount), 
calculated using a method similar to that to 
determine the Bond Final Price, of any 
securities 
which 
would 
have 
been 
delivered to the holders of the Bond under 
the Bond as of the Bond Final Value

--- Page 128 ---
Form of Final Terms
128
Determination Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;
(iv)        minus the Valuation Hedging Cost;
(v)
minus any amount 
due 
and 
payable 
under the Bond in 
accordance with the 
terms and conditions 
of the Bond as in 
force and effect as of 
the 
Issue 
Date 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage 
of 
the 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount) which is still 
unpaid at the Bond 
Final 
Value 
Determination Date, 
as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
[The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of 
zero per cent. and to a maximum of 100 per cent.] 
[The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of 
zero per cent. and may be higher than one hundred 
per cent. (100%).]
iii.
Auction Period for the 
purposes of the Bond 
Final Price determination:
[Specify number] consecutive Business Days (as 
defined in paragraph (xix) below)
iv.
Bond Final Price Accrued 
Interest:
[In the case of Fixed Recovery: Not Applicable] [In 
the case of Floating Recovery: [Excluding Accrued 
Interest] [Including Accrued Interest]]
v.
Relevant Proportion:
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions.]
vi. 
Market Trigger Event  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
[If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs]
[Market Trigger Event Source means [Specify]]
[Market Trigger Event Percentage means: 
[Specify]]
[Specify the number of continuous Business Days 
if different from five]
(xi)
Accrual of Interest upon Bond 
Event:
[No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event] [Accrued 
Interest upon Bond Event] [Guaranteed Coupon] [If 
no coupon: Not relevant. The Notes do not bear 
interest.]
(xii)
First Bond Event Occurrence 
Date:
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of Part 2 – 
Repack Notes Specific Provisions of the General 
Terms and Conditions]

--- Page 129 ---
Form of Final Terms
129
(xiii)
Bond Event(s):
[The Bond Event(s) specified in paragraph “Tables” 
below] 
(xiv)
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
(xv)
Business Days (for the purposes 
of the Part 2 – Repack Notes 
Specific 
Provisions 
of 
the 
General Terms and Conditions):
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of Part 2 – 
Repack Notes Specific Provisions to the General 
Terms and Conditions]
(xvi)
Other applicable options as per 
the Part 2 – Repack Notes 
Specific 
Provisions 
of 
the 
General Terms and Conditions:
[Not Applicable] 
[Specify 
the 
source 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information which must be used when the Public 
Source is different from the sources specified in 
Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
[Specify the Specified Number if such number is 
different from the Specified Number anticipated in 
the Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions of 
the General Terms and Conditions] 
[Specify the number of Business Days which must 
be used in relation to the definition of First 
Quotation Day if such number is different from the 
number anticipated in the Part 2 – Repack Notes 
Specific Provisions to the General Terms and 
Conditions]
(xvii)
General information with respect 
to the Fiduciary Security:
-
Legal jurisdiction by which 
the 
Fiduciary 
Assets 
are 
governed:
[There is no restriction on the governing law of the 
Fiduciary Assets that may be held by the Fiduciary 
from time to time.]
[specify]
-
The 
legal 
nature 
of 
the 
assets: 
As per Condition 3.4 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for 
the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending 
Agreement and the Collateral Transfer Agreement.
Save as set out in “Annex for Fiduciary Securities” 
hereto and save as required by the applicable 
Eligibility Criteria, there is no restriction on the 
governing law of the Fiduciary Assets that may be 
held by the Fiduciary from time to time.
-
The expiry or maturity date(s) 
of the assets:
As per Condition 3.4.2 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for 
the Swap Agreement.
As per Condition 3.4.3 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for 
the Securities Lending Agreement.

--- Page 130 ---
Form of Final Terms
130
As per Condition 3.4.4 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement.
-
The amount of the assets:
As per Condition 3.4.2 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for 
the Swap Agreement.
As per Condition 3.4.3 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for 
the Securities Lending Agreement.
As per Condition 3.4.4 of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions for 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement.
As specified in “Annex for Fiduciary Securities” 
hereto.
-
Loan to value ratio or level of 
collateralisation:
[specify]
-
Terms applicable to a Bond 
are the ones specified in the 
table below.
In the table below, “X” means “Applicable” 
(conversely, when left in blank, means “Not 
Applicable”).
Bond Events
[Insert Bond ISIN Code]
Bond Acceleration 
[X]
Bond Default
[X]
Bond Early Redemption
[X]
Bond Failure to Pay 
[X]
Bond Governmental Intervention
[X]
Bond Issuer ISDA Event
[X]
Bond Restructuring
[X]
TERMS RELATING TO SECURED NOTES
27.
Description of Collateral Assets:
[If Repack Notes: Not Applicable]
(i)
Fiduciary Securities:
As specified in “Annex for Fiduciary Securities” 
attached hereto.
(ii)
Fiduciary 
Securities 
Substitution:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Condition 
3.4.1.3 of the Fiduciary Assets Provisions.]
(iii)
Eligibility Criteria:
[Eligibility Criteria 1: Any assets that are eligible to 
be included in the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive

--- Page 131 ---
Form of Final Terms
131
2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code Monétaire et 
Financier as applicable as of the Issue Date of the 
Notes).]] 
[Eligibility Criteria 2: Any assets that are eligible to 
be included in the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code Monétaire et 
Financier as applicable as of the Issue Date of the 
Notes). Bonds with a rating lower than B-, asset 
backed securities (ABS) and non UCITS hedge 
funds shares, are excluded from the scope of the 
Eligible Collateral Assets.] 
[Eligibility Criteria 3: Equities, bonds issued by 
issuers or guaranteed by guarantors with a rating 
higher than B-, hedge funds shares or mutual funds 
shares.] 
[Eligibility Criteria 4: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Republic of France by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by 
Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 5: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Republic of Italy by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by 
Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 6: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Republic of Spain by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by 
Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 7: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the Kingdom of Belgium by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's)

--- Page 132 ---
Form of Final Terms
132
if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings 
if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 8: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the United Kingdom by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by 
Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 9: Any security that is issued or 
guaranteed by a Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to 
the republic of Germany by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) 
if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings 
if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 10: 
-
Sovereign debt securities (bonds or bills) 
issued by the government of the United 
Kingdom; and/or, 
-
Equities comprised in the FTSE 100 Index 
(or its successor index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent); and/or, 
-
Investment grade bonds (i.e. bonds with a 
credit rating which is BBB- or higher by Standard & 
Poor's or Baa3 or higher by Moody's).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 11: Any securities with a value 
reviewed 
on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be applicable. Societe 
Generale equities or Societe Generale unsecured 
debt instruments are not authorized in this pool.] 
[Eligibility Criteria 12: Each Fiduciary Security or 
bond (including notes, certificated debt securities 
and other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by 
(i) the Bond Issuer (as defined in Part 2 Condition 
2) or (ii) by any member state of the G7 countries.] 
[Eligibility Criteria 13: Each Fiduciary Security or 
bond (including notes, certificated debt securities 
and other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by 
(i) the Bond Issuer or (ii) by any member state with 
a long term debt rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Bond Issuer by Standard & 
Poor's Rating Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service 
(Moody's) if no such rating is assigned by S&P, or 
by Fitch Ratings if no such rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).] 
[Eligibility Criteria 14: with cash denominated in 
[specify currency]]
[Eligibility Criteria 15: Equities, bonds issued by 
issuers or guaranteed by guarantors with a rating

--- Page 133 ---
Form of Final Terms
133
higher than B-, asset backed securities (ABS), 
hedge funds shares or mutual funds shares]
[Eligibility Criteria 16: Any securities with a value 
reviewed 
on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be applicable. Societe 
Generale equities or Societe Generale unsecured 
debt instruments are not authorized in this pool. In 
case of collateralised debt instruments of Societe 
Generale or any affiliates, these collateralised 
debts instruments have the same eligibility criteria 
as the Eligibility Criterias of the Notes specified in 
the Final Terms. ]
(iv)
Diversification Criteria Rules:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[If Diversification Criteria Rules are applicable:
[Diversification Criteria 1: The Collateral Assets 
comprised in a Collateral Pool and linked to a single 
series pool or multi-series pool shall comply with 
the diversification requirements applying to the 
assets of an Undertaking for Collective Investment 
in Transferable Securities complying with UCITS 
IV.]
[Diversification Criteria 2: None]
[Diversification Criteria 3: The Collateral Assets 
comprised in a Collateral Pool shall comply with 
any of the following limits, or any combination 
thereof:
[insert the following as applicable:]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the bonds asset type and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) 
Market 
Value 
relating 
to 
such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the corporate bonds asset type and (ii) the 
Note(s) 
Market 
Value 
relating 
to 
such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the sovereign bonds asset type and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) 
Market 
Value 
relating 
to 
such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type (excluding funds) and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating 
to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type (including Exchange 
Traded Funds but excluding other funds) and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating

--- Page 134 ---
Form of Final Terms
134
to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
the equities asset type (including Exchange 
Traded Funds and other mutual funds but 
excluding other funds) and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) 
Market 
Value 
relating 
to 
such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;] 
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
any Collateral Asset and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) 
Market 
Value 
relating 
to 
such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities included in an index and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities issued by any one Obligor and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
bond securities issued by any one Obligor and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating 
to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
equity securities issued by any one Obligor and 
(ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating 
to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities issued by Obligors (bond or equity) 
incorporated in [the same country / specify 
country] and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market 
Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
securities denominated in the same currency 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%; [and]]
-
[the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of 
cash denominated in [specify currency] and (ii) 
the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%.]
Market Value means, in respect of any asset, a 
valuation of the asset, as determined  by the 
Calculation Agent using standard market methods 
for the relevant asset, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Such standard market methods include 
but are not limited to, requesting quotations for the 
asset from one or more leading dealers in the 
relevant market and/or using the net asset value or 
the aggregate amount that would be received by a 
hypothetical investor in the asset, as the case may

--- Page 135 ---
Form of Final Terms
135
be, on placement of a valid order for redemption 
thereof.
As used herein, equities shall include, but not be 
limited to, exchange traded funds shares or units, 
hedge funds shares or units, mutual funds shares 
or units, options and warrants.]]
(v)
Collateralisation Percentage:
[specify 
percentage] 
with 
[Fixed 
Collateralisation][Variable Collateralisation]
(vi)
Haircuts:
[Haircut 1: The Haircut applicable to each Collateral 
Assets is 0%] 
[Haircut 2: The Haircut applicable to an equity 
security comprised in one of the following indices: 
S&P 500, EUROSTOXX 600, NIKKEI 225, HK 
Index, Korean Index is 0%
The Haircut applicable to any other equity security 
is 25%] 
[Haircut 3: The Haircut applicable to an equity 
security or bond with a rating higher than B- by 
Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of 
S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) is 0%
The Haircut applicable to a mutual fund share is 
10%.
The Haircut applicable to an asset backed security 
(ABS) or a hedge fund share is 20%]
(vii)
General information with respect 
to the Collateral Assets or, in 
case of Multiple Series Collateral 
Pool, Fiduciary Securities:
-
Legal jurisdiction by which 
the 
Fiduciary 
Assets 
are 
governed:
[specify]
[Save as specified in “Annex for Fiduciary 
Securities” hereto and subject to the Eligibility 
Criteria, there are no restrictions on the type of 
securities that may comprise the Fiduciary 
Securities]
-
The 
legal 
nature 
of 
the 
assets: 
[specify]
[Save as specified in “Annex for Fiduciary 
Securities” hereto and subject to the Eligibility 
Criteria, there are no restrictions on the type of 
securities that may comprise the Fiduciary 
Securities]
-
The expiry or maturity date(s) 
of the assets:
[specify]
[Unless 
previously 
redeemed, 
the 
Swap 
Agreement, to the extent it relates to the Notes will 
terminate on the Maturity Date of the Notes. Unless 
previously terminated the Securities Lending 
Agreement is scheduled to terminate no later than 
the Maturity Date of the Notes.]

--- Page 136 ---
Form of Final Terms
136
[There is no minimum or maximum maturity date for 
the Compartment Securities that may be held by 
the Fiduciary from time to time.]
-
The amount of the assets:
As specified in “Annex for Fiduciary Securities” 
hereto.
-
Loan to value ratio or level of 
collateralisation:
As specified in paragraph 27(v) Collateralisation 
Percentage 
-
An indication of significant 
representations 
and 
collaterals given to the issuer 
relating to the assets:
As per Condition 3.4 in Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
28.
Provisions applicable to payment date(s):
-
Payment Business Day:
[Following Payment Business Day] [Modified 
Following Payment Business Day]
-
Financial Centre(s):
[insert the financial centre(s)]
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes with Physical 
Settlement: [Insert the financial centre(s)] and 
solely for the purposes of physical settlement, if 
applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in which 
a bank must be open in order to effect settlement 
of any Deliverable Obligations being Delivered.]
[NB: Amend "Payment Business Day" definition if payment is to be made on 25 December as Euroclear 
and Clearstream do not settle payments on such day.]
[NB: "Payment Business Day" election in accordance with General Condition 5.9]
29.
Form of the Notes:
(i)
Form:
[If Notes in bearer form: [Temporary Bearer Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event] [Permanent 
Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange Event]]
[If Notes in registered form: Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
[depositary] 
[safekeeper] 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream]
[If SIS Notes in bearer form: [CHF SIS Notes] 
[Other SIS Notes] in the form of a Permanent 
Global SIS Note exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
SIS Note only upon a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange 
Event]
[If Italian Certificates: [Temporary Bearer Global 
Certificate exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer 
Global Certificate which is exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Bearer 
Certificate 
only 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] [Permanent Bearer Global

--- Page 137 ---
Form of Final Terms
137
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Certificate only upon an Exchange Event]
[If Dematerialised Notes: Dematerialised Notes in 
book entry form issued and cleared through the 
Settlement Organisation [and [Euroclear] [and/or] 
[Clearstream] 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Dematerialised Securities Law.]]
[NB: Elect "Yes" opposite "New Global Note (NGN) / New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)" if "Yes" is elected 
in Part B under the heading "Operational Information" opposite the paragraph entitled "Eurosystem 
eligibility of the Notes"]
(ii)
New Global Note (NGN – bearer 
notes) 
/ 
New 
Safekeeping 
Structure 
(NSS 
– 
registered 
notes):
[Yes] [No]
(iii)
[Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
Definitive 
Bearer 
Notes 
/ 
Definitive Bearer Certificates:
[Yes (if appropriate)]]
30.
Redenomination:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 1.5]
31.
Consolidation:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 13.2] 
32.
Partly Paid Notes Provisions:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 6.1.7]
[NB: Insert amount of each payment comprising the Issue Price and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences of failure to pay]
[NB: Insert amount of each payment comprising the Issue Price and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences of failure to pay]
(i)
Part Payment Amount(s):
[Insert the part payment amount(s)]
(ii)
Part Payment Date(s):
[Insert the part payment date(s)]
[NB: Delete the following subparagraph in case of Notes other than Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive 
Bearer Certificates]
33.
Instalment Note Provisions:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 6.1.6]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Instalment Amount(s):
[Insert the instalment amount(s)]
(ii)
Instalment Date(s):
[Insert the instalment date(s)]
34.
Dual Currency Note Provisions:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 5.13] 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Settlement Currency:
[]

--- Page 138 ---
Form of Final Terms
138
(ii)
Dual Currency Exchange Rate:
[Specify an exchange rate]
(iii)
Method of calculating the fixing 
of Dual Currency Exchange Rate:
[Predetermined] [Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Screen Rate Determination]
[If Predetermined:
-
Predetermined Fixing
[specify the fixing]
[If Screen Rate Determination or Calculation Agent Determination:
-
Dual Currency Valuation Date
[]
-
Dual Currency Valuation Time
[]
[If Screen Rate Determination:
-
Relevant Screen Page
[]
35.
Additional Amount Provisions for Italian 
Certificates:
[Applicable as per General Condition 5.7] [In the 
case of Repack Notes: subject to "Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions" of the General Terms 
and Conditions.] 
[In the case of Credit Linked Notes: subject to the 
provisions of paragraph "Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions" 
and 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]
[Not Applicable]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Additional Amount(s)
Unless previously redeemed, on the applicable 
Additional Amount Payment Date(s), the Fiduciary 
shall pay to the Certificateholders, for each 
Certificate, 
an 
amount 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
[[] per Certificate of [] Specified Denomination]
[If the Additional Amounts vary depending on the 
Additional Amount Payment Dates, insert:
[] per Certificate of [] Specified Denomination, on 
Additional Amount Payment Date(1);
[] per Certificate of [] Specified Denomination, on 
the Additional Amount Payment Date(2); (…)
[] per Certificate of [] Specified Denomination, on 
the Additional Amount Payment Date (insert the 
number of the last Additional Amount Payment 
Date);
(ii)
Additional 
Amount 
Payment 
Date(s)
[]
(iii)
Business Day Convention
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention]

--- Page 139 ---
Form of Final Terms
139
36.
Interest Amount and/or the Redemption 
Amount switch at the option of the 
Fiduciary:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 6.1.3.3]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Substitute Coupon:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
-
Substitute Coupon Amount:
[]
-
Additional Substitute 
Coupon Amount:
[]
(ii)
Market Value for the Switch:
[]
(iii)
Substitute Final Redemption:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(iv)
Substitute 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount:
[]
(v)
Optional Modification Date:
[]
(vi)
Notice Period:
[]
37.
Portfolio Linked Note Provisions:
[Not applicable] [Applicable, subject to the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Portfolio Linked Notes]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
(i)
Basket Component(s):
As specified in "Annex for Portfolio Linked Notes" 
hereto
(ii)
Debt Instrument(s):
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Notes" hereto] [Not applicable]
(iii)
Commodity Instrument(s):
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Notes" hereto] [Not applicable]
(iv)
Derivatives Instrument(s):
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Notes" hereto] [Not applicable]
(v)
Equity Instrument(s):
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Notes" hereto] [Not applicable]
(vi)
Market Data:
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Notes" hereto] [Not applicable]
38.
Permitted Tax Jurisdiction:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
[If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs]
[If Applicable:
Specified Country means []]

--- Page 140 ---
Form of Final Terms
140
39.
SG Luxembourg Declaration:
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]
[NB: The applicable Final Terms should be signed by the Fiduciary and the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, in those jurisdictions where the Fiduciary and the Guarantor, as the case may be, is legally required to 
sign or where market practice dictates that it should. The signature block may be deleted in those 
jurisdictions where neither of the above applies.]
[Signed on behalf of the Fiduciary:
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:
By:
By:
Duly authorised]
Duly authorised]

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms
141
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing:
[If no listing: None] [Application will be made for 
the Notes to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Insert any other 
market]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[In the case of an admission to trading on a non-
European Union or where no admission to trading 
is to occur: Not Applicable] [Application will be 
made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [In the case of an admission to trading 
on a European Union regulated market: [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [Insert other regulated market].
[There can be no assurance that the listing and 
trading of the Notes will be approved with 
effect on [the Issue Date] or at all.]
[In the case of a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading: The existing [Insert specified currency and 
aggregate nominal amount] Notes due [Insert the 
maturity date] (Tranche [Insert the number of the 
previous tranche(s)]) are already admitted to 
trading on [Insert name of the relevant market].]
(iii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[Not Applicable] [Insert the amount of total 
expenses]]**
2.
RATINGS
[The Notes to be issued have [not] been rated [Specify the rating(s) of the Notes being issued] [by 
[Specify rating agency(ies)].]]
[If credit ratings are assigned to Notes at the request or with the cooperation of the Fiduciary in the 
rating process, need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
[Such credit rating[s] [has been] [are] issued by [a] credit rating agenc[y]/[ies] established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council dated 16 September 2009 (as amended) and are included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs 
).]
[NB: When applicable, the above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type 
being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Fiduciary is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Fiduciary [if Secured Notes is Applicable: and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms
142
ordinary course of business.]/[Description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS
Where applicable, disclosure of the estimated total expenses of the issue/offer and the estimated 
net amount of the proceeds. These expenses and proceeds shall be broken into each principal 
intended use and presented by order of priority of such uses. If the Fiduciary is aware that the 
anticipated proceeds will not be sufficient to fund all the proposed uses, state the amount and 
sources of other funds needed.]
(i)
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds:
[Not Applicable] [Specify the use of 
proceeds]
(If the Fiduciary is aware that the 
estimated proceeds will not be sufficient 
to finance all intended uses, indicate the 
amount and source of the necessary 
additional funds).
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[Not Applicable (fees should be broken 
down according to the main intended 
uses, in descending order of priority)] 
(iii)
Estimated total expenses:
[Not Applicable] [Insert the estimated total 
expenses] 
5.
INDICATION OF YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
[Not Applicable] [If the Notes are debt securities to which Annex 14 and 17 of the Regulation 
applies: [give an indication of yield]]
6.
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
[Not Applicable] [Details of historic rates of the Reference Rate can be obtained from, [free of 
charge]/[for a fee], from [Insert the source/give details of the electronic means of obtaining details 
of the performance]].
7.
PERFORMANCE AND EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT
(i)    PERFORMANCE OF FORMULA, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT (Structured Notes only)
[NB: This paragraph only applies if the Notes are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of the 
Regulation applies.]
[Not Applicable] [Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the 
investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
[Information on the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, [free of 
charge]/[for a fee], from [ ●]/[give details of electronic means of obtaining details of the 
performance.]].
[insert where required to be provided by law of the country in which the Notes are sold: The 
Fiduciary intends to provide post-issuance information regarding the securities to be admitted to 
trading and the performance of the underlying collateral on []] [does not intend to provide post-
issuance information regarding the securities to be admitted to trading and the performance of the 
underlying collateral].
(ii)         PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON   
VALUE OF INVESTMENT (Dual Currency Notes only)

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms
143
[NB: This paragraph only applies if the Notes giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked 
to an underlying asset are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of the Delegated Regulation 
applies.]
[Not Applicable] [Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the 
investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
[Information on the Underlying, its volatility and its past and future performance can be obtained, 
[gratuitously]/[on a paying basis], from [●]/[give details of the electronic means of obtaining details 
of the performance.].
8.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
Security identification code(s):
- ISIN code:
[Insert the code]
[ -
Common code:
[Insert the code]
[-
Temporary ISIN code:
[Insert the code]
[-
Temporary Common code:
[Insert the code]
[-           CFI:
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available] 
[-           FISN:
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”.)
[Add as many lines as necessary]
(ii)
Clearing System(s):
[Insert name(s) of the relevant clearing system(s) 
and, if required, the relevant identification 
number(s)] [In any case of Notes listed on  
Euroclear Bank / Clearstream Banking as Clearing 
System(s), add: SIX SIS Ltd]
[If the paragraph "Form of the Notes" specifies that 
the Notes to be issued are in certificated form or 
book-entry form, insert name and address of the 
entity in charge of keeping the records.]
(iii)
Settlement Organisation:
[Not Applicable] [If Dematerialised Notes: [insert 
name(s) of the relevant Settlement Organisation 
and, if required, the relevant identification 
numbers(s)]]
(iv)
Delivery of the Notes:
Delivery [against] [free of] payment
(v)
Calculation Agent:
[Insert name and address]
(vi)
LuxCSD Principal Agent:
[Not Applicable] [If Dematerialised Notes: [insert 
name(s) and address(es)]]

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms
144
(vii)
Paying Agent(s):
[Insert name(s) and address(es)] [If SIS Notes: 
Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch, Talacker 
50, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland]
(viii)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,)]9 and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the 
ICSDs 
as 
common 
safekeeper 
[(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,]10. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[NB: Elect "Yes" opposite "Eurosystem eligibility of the Notes" if "Yes" is elected in Part A under the heading 
"Form of the Notes" opposite the paragraph entitled "New Global Note (NGN) / New Safekeeping Structure 
(NSS)"]
(ix)
Address and contact details of 
Societe 
Generale 
for 
all 
administrative 
communications 
relating to the Notes:
[Societe Generale
Tour Societe Generale
17, Cours Valmy
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex
France
Name: Sales Support Services - Derivatives 
Tel: +33 1 57 29 12 12 (Hotline)
Email: clientsupport-deai@sgcib.com]
9.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
[If syndicated:
-
Names [and addresses and 
underwriting 
commitments]* 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable] [give names [and addresses and 
underwriting commitments]* of Managers]
[If the Notes are derivative securities, include the 
names [and addresses]* of entities agreeing to 
9 Include this text for registered notes
10 Include this text for registered notes

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms
145
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and the names [and addresses]* of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers.]
-
Date of Syndication 
Agreement:
[Not Applicable] [Insert the date of syndication 
agreement]
-
Stabilising Manager (if any):
[Not Applicable] [Insert the name of stabilising 
manager]]
[If non-syndicated:
-
Dealer(s):
[Not Applicable] [Insert name [and address]* of 
Dealer]
[NB: include the names [and addresses]* of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and the names [and addresses]* of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment 
or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the Dealer.]
(ii)
Total 
commission 
and 
concession:
[[Not Applicable][Insert the percentage] per cent. 
of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] [There is no 
commission and/or concession paid by the 
Fiduciary to the Dealer.] [Specify any other 
commission]]
(iii)
TEFRA rules: 
[Not Applicable] [TEFRA D] [TEFRA C] [Not 
Applicable. Treated by Clearstream Frankfurt as 
registered notes for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The Notes are subject to a book entry 
agreement entered into by Clearstream Frankfurt 
and the Fiduciary.]
(iv)
Non-exempt Offer ‒ Consent of the 
Fiduciary to use the Base Prospectus 
during the Offer Period:
[Not Applicable] [A Non-exempt Offer of the Notes 
may be made by [the Managers] [the Dealer] [and] 
[any Initial Authorised Offeror below mentioned] 
[,any Additional Authorised Offeror, the name 
and address of whom will be published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Fiduciary 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com)] [and any [other] 
financial intermediaries to whom the Fiduciary 
gives 
a 
General 
Consent 
(the 
General 
Authorised Offerors)] in the Non-exempt Offer 
jurisdiction(s) 
(Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdiction(s)) during the offer period (Offer 
Period) as specified in the paragraph "Non-
exempt Offers in European Economic Area" 
below.]
[If (iv) Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]
-
[Individual 
Consent 
/ 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
any 
Initial 
Authorised 
Offeror:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable [Insert the name and 
address of any initial authorised offeror]]]
-
[General 
Consent/ 
Other 
conditions to consent:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] [Insert any other 
condition to consent if relevant]]

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms
146
(v)
U.S. federal income tax 
considerations 
[Insert if the Fiduciary has determined that the 
Notes are NOT Specified Notes: The Notes are 
not Specified Notes for purposes of Section 
871(m) Regulations.] 
[Insert if the Fiduciary has determined that the 
Notes are Specified Notes or, in the case of 
Repack Notes, the Hedge is subject to Section 
871(m): The Fiduciary (or Guarantor) has 
determined that this Note substantially replicates 
the economic performance of one or more U.S. 
Underlying Equities (and as such, for the purposes 
of IRS Notice 2018-72, such Note is deemed a 
"delta-one" Note) and is therefore a Specified Note 
for purposes of Section 871(m) Regulations. 
Additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) Regulations on the Notes is 
available on request at Societe Generale by 
contacting [specify the relevant email address]. 
Section 871(m) Regulations’ withholding tax will 
be at a rate of [●] per cent. and will be withheld by 
[specify]. 
[Insert if Repack Note collateralised by bonds that 
produce U.S. source interest income: The U.S. tax 
treatment of ownership of a Repack Note is 
unclear.  Solely for U.S. tax purposes, a holder of 
the Repack Notes will be treated as the owner of 
any specified bonds that collateralised the Repack 
Notes.  As a consequence of this treatment, to the 
extent the specified bonds pay U.S.-source 
interest income, a holder must provide certain 
U.S. tax documentation to the Fiduciary to receive 
such income free from U.S. withholding tax. ]
[Insert if the Section 871(m) determination cannot 
be made on the date of the Final Terms: This 
information is indicative and will be updated based 
on circumstances at the time the Notes are 
issued.]  
[Insert if the Fiduciary has determined that the 
Notes are Zero Estimated Dividends Securities: 
The Fiduciary has determined that this Note is a 
Zero Estimated Dividends Security and as such, 
for the purposes of Treas. Reg. § 1.871-
15(i)(2)(iii)), the withholding tax to be applied to 
this Note is zero.]
(vi)
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will  be 
prepared,, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no KID will be prepared, or if the Fiduciary 
wants to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for 
any other reasons, "Applicable" should be 
specified. For the purpose of the above, a 
"packaged" product shall designate a "packaged 
retail investment product" which means in

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms
147
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 November 2014 an investment, where, 
regardless of the legal form of the investment, the 
amount repayable to the retail investor is subject 
to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more 
assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor) 
(vii)      [Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: ]
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified. For the purpose of the above, a 
“packaged”  product shall designate a “packaged 
retail investment product” which means, in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 November 2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, an investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the amount 
repayable to the retail investor is subject to 
fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more 
assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor)
[(viii)]
[Name and address of the entity or 
the entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediary(ies) 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of its 
or their commitment
[specify]]
[If the Notes are linked to an Advised SGI Index or to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Fiduciary elects NOT 
to apply IRS U.S. Person definition, insert the following paragraph:
[(ix)]
Regulation S U.S. Person
Applicable]
[If the Notes are neither linked to an Advised SGI Index nor to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Fiduciary elects 
to also apply IRS U.S. Person definition, insert the following paragraph:
[(x)] 
Regulation S U.S. Person AND IRS 
U.S. Person 
[Applicable]
10.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
[NB: This paragraph applies only in respect of any offer of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) which is not made pursuant to an exemption to publish a prospectus 
under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.]
[Not Applicable]
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms
148
-
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s):
[France] [Ireland] [Luxembourg] [The Netherlands] 
-
Offer Period:
[Indicate the offer period]
-
Offer Price:
[[The [Notes] [Certificates] will be offered at the 
Issue Price [up to a maximum] of [insert 
percentage], represented by a distribution fee 
payable 
upfront 
by 
the 
Fiduciary 
to 
the 
distributor[s]].] 
[The Notes will be offered at the market price 
which:
-
will be determined by the Dealer on a daily 
basis [in accordance with market conditions 
then prevailing including the current market 
price of the Underlying(s);] [and]
-
[will evolve between the Issue Date and the 
last day of the Offer Period on a linear basis 
in such way equal to [insert percentage] on 
the last day of the Offer Period; and 
-
will be provided by the Dealer to any 
Noteholder upon request.]
[The Notes issued on the Issue Date will be fully 
subscribed by the Dealer and thereafter offered to 
the public in the secondary market[, at the Issue 
Price, during the Offer Period.]
[The offer price will evolve at a rate of [specify 
percentage] between the Issue Date and [insert 
date] in order to each [insert percentage] on [insert 
date] in accordance with the following formula;
Offer Price (t) = OfferPriceBase x (1 + 
Convergence Percentage x Nb(t) / 360)
Where :
OfferPriceBase means [specify]; and
ConvergencePercentage means [specify]; and
Nb(t) means the number of calendar days 
between the Issue Date and the date "t" on which 
the value of the Notes is calculated (both dates 
included).]
[The Notes will be offered at the market price 
which will be determined by the Dealer on a 
continuous basis in accordance with the market 
conditions then prevailing.
Depending on market Conditions, the offer price 
shall be equal, higher or lower than the Issue Price 
of the [Notes] [Certificates].]
[The offer price shall be provided by the Dealer by 
way of quotes made available (directly or 
indirectly) on [EuroTLX] [SeDeX] [MOT – 
EuroMOT segment] [MOT – DomesticMOT 
segment] [specify other]]
[The [Issue Price] [price] is also increased by fees 
[specify].]

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms
149
-
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:
[Indicate the conditions to which the offer is 
subject] 
-
Description of the application 
process:
[Not Applicable] [Describe the application process]
-
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce subscriptions and manner 
for refunding excess amount paid 
by applicants:
[Not Applicable] [Describe the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants]
-
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application:
[Not Applicable] [Indicate details of the minimum 
and/or maximum amount of application (whether 
in number of securities or aggregate amount to 
invest]
-
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes:
[Describe method and time limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes]
-
Manner and date in which results 
of the offer are to be made public:
[Describe the manner and date in which results of 
the offer are to be made public]
-
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised:
[Not Applicable] [Describe the procedure for 
exercise of any right of pre-emption, negotiability 
of subscription rights and treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised]
-
Whether tranche(s) has/have been 
reserved for certain countries:
[Not Applicable] [If the offer is being made 
simultaneously in the markets of two or more 
countries and if a tranche has been reserved for 
certain of these, indicate any such tranche]
-
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made:
[Not Applicable] [Describe the process for 
notification to applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made]
-
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser:
[Indicate the amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber 
or 
purchaser]*
11.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
Minimum investment in the Notes:
[Not Applicable] [Insert the minimum investment]
(ii)
[Minimum 
trading] 
[Minimum 
Trading Lot]:
[Not Applicable] [Insert the minimum trading or, in 
the case of Italian Certificates only, the minimum 
trading lot]
[Add as many lines as necessary:
[Insert any other relevant additional 
information pursuant to Annex 28 of 
Delegated Regulation]
[Give details]
12.
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms
150
Benchmark:
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the relevant Benchmark 
which is provided by the relevant Administrator, as 
specified in the table below.
As at the date of these Final Terms, the relevant 
Administrator appears/ does not appear, as the 
case may be, on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
Benchmark Regulation), as specified in the table 
below.
If “Does not appear and exempted” is specified in 
the table below, it means that the relevant 
Administrator does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation.
If “Does not appear and non-exempted” is 
specified in the table below, it means that, as far 
as the Fiduciary is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation 
apply, 
such 
that 
the 
relevant 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.
[For the following table, add as many lines as 
necessary]
Benchmark
Administrator
Register
[Insert the 
name of 
Benchmark]
[Insert the 
name of 
Administrator]
[Appears]
[Does not 
appear and 
exempted]
[Does not 
appear and 
non-
exempted]

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Final Terms
151
Annex for Credit Linked Notes
[Insert the following table if "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Single Name Notes":
Reference 
Entity
Transaction 
Type
Reference Obligation
Seniority [Level]
[●]
[●]
[Standard Reference 
Obligation: Applicable] or 
[●]
[●]
[For the following tables, add as many lines as necessary:
Insert the following table if "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "First-to-Default Notes":
Reference Portfolio:
Reference 
Entities
Transaction 
Type
Reference Obligation
Seniority [Level]
[●]
[●]
[Standard Reference 
Obligation: Applicable] or 
[●]
[●]
[Insert the following table if "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Basket Notes" or "Tranche Notes":
[Insert the following if "Basket Notes" or "Tranche Notes" and the Reference Portfolio is made up of the 
constituents of an index:
Index: [●]
Source: [●]
Annex Date: [●]]
Reference Portfolio:
Referenc
e Entities
Transactio
n Type
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting
Reference 
Obligation
Referenc
e Price
Seniority [Level]
[●]
[●]
[●]
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Applicable] 
or [●]
[●]
[●]
[For Single Name Notes: Terms applicable to the Reference Entity are the ones specified in the tables below for 
the Transaction Type of such Reference Entity as determined in the table above.]
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-Default Notes: Terms applicable to a Reference Entity are the 
ones specified in the tables below for the Transaction Type of such Reference Entity as determined in the table 
above.]
In the tables below, "X" means "Applicable" [conversely, when left in blank, means "Not Applicable"].

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Final Terms
152

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Final Terms
153
Credit Events and related options
[Insert Transaction Type]
Bankruptcy
[X]
Failure to Pay
[X]
Grace Period Extension
[X]
Notice of Publicly Available Information
[X]
Payment Requirement 
[[X] (USD 1,000,000)] [[X] ([●])]
Obligation Default
[X]
Obligation Acceleration
[X]
Repudiation/Moratorium
[X]
Restructuring
[X]
[Mod R]
[X]
Mod Mod R
[X]
Multiple Holder Obligation
[X]
Default Requirement 
[[X] (USD 10,000,000)] [[X] ([●])]
All Guarantees
[X]
Governmental Intervention
[X]
Financial Reference Entity Terms
[X]
Subordinated European Insurance Terms
[X]
2014 Coco Supplement
[X]
No Asset Package Delivery
[X]
Senior Non-Preferred Supplement
[X]
Credit Deterioration Requirement
[X]
Fallback Discounting
[X]
[Business Days (for the purposes of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes)]
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes]
Obligation Category
[Insert Transaction Type]
Payment
[X]
Borrowed Money
[X]

--- Page 154 ---
Form of Final Terms
154
Reference Obligation Only
[X]
Bond
[X]
Loan
[X]
Bond or Loan
[X]
Obligation Characteristics
[Insert Transaction Type]
Not Subordinated
[X]
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies
[X]
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies and Domestic 
Currency
[X]
Not Sovereign Lender
[X]
Not Domestic Currency
[X]
Not Domestic Law
[X]
Listed
[X]
Not Domestic Issuance
[X]
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Category
[Insert Transaction Type]
Payment
[X]
Borrowed Money
[X]
Reference Obligation Only
[X]
Bond
[X]
Loan
[X]
Bond or Loan
[X]
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Characteristics
[Insert Transaction Type]
Not Subordinated
[X]
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies
[X]
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies and Domestic 
Currency
[X]
Not Sovereign Lender
[X]
Not Domestic Currency
[X]
Not Domestic Law
[X]
Listed
[X]

--- Page 155 ---
Form of Final Terms
155
Assignable Loan
[X]
Consent Required Loan
[X]
Transferable
[X]
Not Bearer
[X]
Maximum Maturity: 30 Years
[X]
Not Domestic Issuance
[X]
Accelerated or Matured
[X]

--- Page 156 ---
Form of Final Terms
156
ANNEX FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES
[Initial composition of the Portfolio]
-
If the initial Portfolio comprises no Portfolio Component and if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms:
The Portfolio is invested in cash only as of Valuation Date(0).
-
Otherwise
k
Portfolio 
Component (k)
Bloomberg 
Ticker
Basket 
Component 
Type
Portfolio 
Component
[Unfunded 
Component]
Portfolio 
Component 
Currency (k) 
[FX Hedge]
[FXRatio]
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…]
[Specify name of 
Portfolio Component 
(k)]
[Specify ticker]
[Index]
[Share]
[ETF Share]
[Fund]
[Single 
Commodity]
[Single 
Debt]
[Single 
Derivatives]
[Not 
Applicable]
[Basket 
Component - 
][Equity 
Instrument]
[Commodity 
Instrument] 
[Debt 
Instrument] 
[Derivatives 
Instrument]] 
[Market Data]
[Applicable]
[Not Applicable]
[Specify currency]
[Applicable]
[Not Applicable]
[Specify 
ratio]
k
[Reference Price]
[DistRate(k,t)]
[Q(k,0)]
[RateLong(k,t)]
[RateShort(k,t)]
[RepoRateLong(k,t)]
[RepoRateShort(k,t)]
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…]
[Closing Price
[Fixing Price]
[Specify 
ReferenceFixingTime]
[TWAP][Specify 
TWAPStartTime and 
TWAPEndTime]
[VWAP][Specify 
VWAPStartTime and 
VWAPEndTime]
[Opening Price]
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or 
variable over 
time, they may 
also be 
computed as a 
spread 
between rates 
and/or be a 
rate or 
[Specify 
initial 
quantity]
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be 
a rate or 
combination or 
rates 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be 
a rate or 
combination or 
rates 
[Specify rate. Rates 
may be fixed or 
variable over time, 
they may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be a rate 
or combination or 
rates determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent]
[Specify rate. Rates 
may be fixed or 
variable over time, 
they may also be 
computed as a 
spread between rates 
and/or be a rate or 
combination or rates 
determined by the 
Calculation Agent

--- Page 157 ---
Form of Final Terms
[Best Effort]
[Bid-Ask 
Spread][Specify 
SpreadMidAsk and 
SpreadBidMid]
combination or 
rates 
determined by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]
determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent]
determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent]

--- Page 158 ---
Form of Final Terms
k
[ExecCostRateIn (k,t)] 
[ExecCostRateOut(k,t)]
[ExecAddOnRate(k,t)]
[InitialWeight(k)]
[S(k,0)]
[Specify k=1,2,3,…]
[Specify rate. Rates may 
be fixed or variable over 
time, they may also be 
computed as a spread 
between rates and/or be 
a rate or combination or 
rates determined by the 
Calculation Agent]
[Specify rate. Rates may 
be fixed or variable over 
time, they may also be 
computed as a spread 
between rates and/or be 
a rate or combination or 
rates determined by the 
Calculation Agent]
[Specify rate. Rates may 
be fixed or variable over 
time, they may also be 
computed as a spread 
between rates and/or be 
a rate or combination or 
rates determined by the 
Calculation Agent]
[Specify InitialWeight]
[Specify initial level of 
Portfolio Component (k)]
k
[Reference Price]
[DistRate(k,t)]
Q(k,0)
[RateLong(k,t)]
[RateShort(k,t)]
[RepoRateLong(k,t)]
[RepoRateShort(k,t)]
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…]
[Closing Price
[Fixing Price]
[Specify 
ReferenceFixingTime]
[TWAP][Specify 
TWAPStartTime and 
TWAPEndTime]
[VWAP][Specify 
VWAPStartTime and 
VWAPEndTime]
[Opening Price]
[Best Effort]
[Bid-Ask 
Spread][Specify 
SpreadMidAsk and 
SpreadBidMid]
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be 
a rate or 
combination or 
rates 
determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent]
[Specify 
initial 
quantity]
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be a 
rate or 
combination or 
rates determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent]
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be a 
rate or 
combination or 
rates determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent]
[Specify rate. Rates 
may be fixed or 
variable over time, they 
may also be computed 
as a spread between 
rates and/or be a rate 
or combination or rates 
determined by the 
Calculation Agent]
[Specify rate. Rates 
may be fixed or 
variable over time, they 
may also be computed 
as a spread between 
rates and/or be a rate 
or combination or rates 
determined by the 
Calculation Agent

--- Page 159 ---
Form of Final Terms
159
Parameters and elections relating to the Portfolio
Scheduled Calculation Dates
[Specify the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level]
[Restriking Date(s)
[Specify the dates]]
[Elections relating to the Portfolio]
[Crash Put Costs Calculation
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Dynamic Fx-hedge
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Dynamic Portfolio
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Excess Return
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Quanto Option 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Reinvestment Method
[Individual Components] [Cash Bucket] [Portfolio]]
[Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Weight Reset
[Applicable][Not Applicable]]
[Parameters relating to the Portfolio]
[DDIMPLong
[Specify the percentage]]
[DDIMPShort
[Specify the percentage]]
[DDLS
[Specify the percentage]]
[GearingInfLong 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]]
[GearingInfShort 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]]
[GearingSupLong 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]]
[GearingSupShort 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]]
[GrossGearingSup
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]]
[Lag
[Specify the number]]
[PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime
[Specify relevant fixing time]]
[PortfolioFXSource 
[Specify relevant foreign exchange rate source]]
[Portfolio Currency
[specify currency]]
[PL(0) 
[Specify the initial level of the Portfolio]]
[RateLong(t)
[Specify relevant rate]]
[RateShort(t)
[Specify relevant rate]]
[Reference Price
[As specified in the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria] [Specify relevant 
reference price(s)]]
[TimeBasis 
[360] [365] [specify other]]
[TargetGearingLong
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]]
[TargetGearingShort
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]]
[Weight Reset Date(s)                             [Specify the dates]]
[if Dynamic Portfolio is “Applicable”, specify the following:
Communication Deadline
[Specify relevant communication deadline]

--- Page 160 ---
Form of Final Terms
160
[ExecCostRateIn(k,t)
[Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateIn per Market, specify the 
percentages per Market]]
[ExecCostRateOut(k,t)
[Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateOut per Market, specify 
the percentages per Market]]
[ExecAddOnRate(k,t)
[Specify the percentage][if ExecAddOnRate per Market, specify the 
percentages per Market]]
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria
[In order for the Portfolio to remain eligible as Underlying of the 
Notes, the Portfolio and Portfolio Components shall comply with 
each of the following criteria, unless otherwise waived by the 
Calculation Agent:] [Specify the list of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility 
Criteria in relation to the Portfolio, in particular in accordance with 
Condition 3.5 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio 
Linked Notes]
Portfolio Publication Website
[specify the website on which information related to the Portfolio and 
Modifications will be published in accordance with the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes]
Review Date
[Specify the relevant review dates in respect of Modifications]
Rebalancing Date
[Specify the relevant rebalancing dates in respect of Modifications]
[Target Exposure Implementation Date
[Specify]]
[TCR(k,t)
[Specify the percentage] [if TCR per Market, specify the 
percentage(s) per Market] [if TCR per Reference Price, specify the 
percentage(s) per Reference Price]]
[Theoretical Communication Deadline
[Specify relevant theoretical communication deadline]]
Weighting Advisor 
[specify identity and details in accordance with the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Portfolio Linked Notes]]

--- Page 161 ---
Form of Final Terms
161
[ANNEX FOR SGI INDEX RULES
(This Annex forms a part of the Final Terms to which it is attached)
(If the Notes are linked to an SGI Index, the Fiduciary should annex the Index Rules of such SGI Index to 
the applicable final terms)]

--- Page 162 ---
Form of Final Terms
162
ANNEX FOR FIDUCIARY SECURITIES
The table below contains information on the Fiduciary Securities held by the Fiduciary in the Collateral Pool as at the Issue Date.
[Insert the following tables if “Type of Notes” is specified as “Repack Notes”, and add as many lines as necessary:
[Insert the following table if “Type of Repack Notes” is “Single Bond Repack Notes”:
Underlying 
Borrower [if 
any [if none 
then delete 
relevant 
column]]
Bond ISIN 
Code
Bond 
Currency
Bond 
Notional 
Amount
Maturity
[Address 
and 
country 
of 
incorporation 
of 
the obligor]
Market on which the 
securities 
are 
admitted to trading
Nature of business of 
the 
obligor(s) 
and 
significant business 
activities 
[include 
global statistical data 
where relevant and 
information 
regarding 
the 
economic 
environment]
Material Relationship 
between 
the 
Fiduciary 
and 
the 
Underlying Borrower
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[] 
[]
[if relationship exists 
that is material to the 
issue of the Notes 
between the Fiduciary 
and 
the 
Underlying 
Borrower, 
disclose 
details]
[If 
no 
material 
relationship 
exists 
insert: To the best of 
the 
Fiduciary’s 
knowledge, as at the 
Issue 
Date 
no 
relationship exists that 
is material to the issue 
of the Notes between 
the Fiduciary and the 
Underlying Borrower.]

--- Page 163 ---
Form of Final Terms
163
[Insert the following tables if “Type of Notes” is specified as “Secured Notes”, and add as many lines as necessary:
ISIN 
Code
Issuer
Address and 
Country 
of 
Incorporation
Quantity
Type 
of 
securities
Estimated 
value 
([insert 
currency]) 
as at close 
of business 
on [•] 20[]
Market on which 
the 
securities 
are admitted to 
trading 
[for 
equity securities 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
or 
equivalent third 
country market 
or SME Growth 
Market 
include 
date 
of 
establishment of 
market, 
how 
price 
information 
is 
published, 
indication 
of 
daily 
trading 
volumes 
and 
name 
of 
the 
market’s 
regulatory 
authority]
[for 
bonds 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
or 
equivalent third 
country market 
or SME Growth 
Market include 
Nature 
of 
business of the 
obligor(s) 
and 
significant 
business 
activities [include 
global 
statistical 
data 
where 
relevant 
and 
information 
regarding 
the 
economic 
environment] 
[insert for bond 
securities]
[For 
equity 
securities 
insert: 
Frequency with 
which prices of 
securities 
are 
published] 
Material 
Relationship 
between the Fiduciary, 
the Guarantor and the 
Issuer

--- Page 164 ---
Form of Final Terms
164
electronic 
link 
where 
the 
documentation 
in relation to the 
bonds can be 
found on such 
market].
[For bonds : [if 
there are at least 
6 obligors and 
less 
that 
15 
obligors, delete 
the 
relevant 
column]]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[]
[if relationship exists that is 
material to the issue of the 
Notes 
between 
the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor 
and the Issuer, disclose 
details]
[If no material relationship 
exists insert: To the best of 
the Fiduciary’s and the 
Guarantor’s knowledge, as 
at the Issue Date no 
relationship exists that is 
material to the issue of the 
Notes, 
between 
the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor 
and the Issuer.]

--- Page 165 ---
Form of Final Terms
165
[ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY:
(If the Notes, having a minimum denomination less than €100,000 only, are Non-exempt Offers, the Fiduciary should annex the issue specific summary to the applicable 
final terms having completed the relevant Elements by deletion of non relevant information and inserting any information to be completed in accordance with the specific 
conditions of the Notes)

--- Page 166 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
166
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following general terms and conditions include the general terms and conditions set out in "Part 1 – 
General Provisions" applicable to all Series of Notes, the general terms and conditions set out in "Part 2 – 
Repack Notes Specific Provisions" applicable to all Series of Repack Notes and the general terms and 
conditions set out in "Part 3 - Fiduciary Assets Provisions" applicable to all Series of Notes (the General 
Terms and Conditions). The General Terms and Conditions and, if applicable, the additional terms and 
conditions for Structured Notes and Formulae (the Additional Terms and Conditions), constitute the terms 
and conditions of the Notes (together, the Terms and Conditions) and will be attached to or incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Fiduciary and the relevant purchaser(s) 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed upon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes will complete and may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified,complete, the Terms and Conditions for the purpose of 
such Notes and will specify if "Type of Notes" is Repack Notes or Secured Notes. If the applicable Final 
Terms specify that "Type of Notes" is "Secured Notes", the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes are 
guaranteed by the Guarantor (as defined in Condition 2 of "Part 1 – General Provisions" below). The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated 
by reference into, each Note. 
References herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the final terms document prepared base 
on the "Form of Final Terms" (Final Terms).
References herein to the Additional Terms and Conditions are to Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae, Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Share 
Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked  
Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Reference Rate Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund 
Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Inflation Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes and for ETP Linked Notes, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Preference Share Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes, Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Future Linked Notes and Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that one or more of the Additional Terms and Conditions from Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked 
Notes apply, then the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes will also apply including the 
provisions relating to any market disruption (Market Disruption Events) or extraordinary events 
(Extraordinary Events) and details of the consequences of such events.
When Notes to be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are qualified as "certificates" (such expression 
including the Italian Certificates, as defined below), any reference to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to "Certificates" and "Certificateholders".
PART 1 – GENERAL PROVISIONS
The General Terms and Conditions set out in this section "Part 1 – General Provisions" are applicable to 
every Series of Notes issued by the Fiduciary, either Repack Notes or Secured Notes.
The Notes of each Series are issued on a fiduciary basis by Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., a public 
limited liability (société anonyme), incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having 
its registered office at 11 avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, Luxembourg and registered with the 
Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 6.061, as the fiduciary (the Fiduciary, which term 
shall include any successor fiduciary appointed in accordance with General Condition 11) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below)), at the sole risk and for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders (as

--- Page 167 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
167
defined below) in accordance with the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trust and fiduciary 
contracts, as amended (the Fiduciary Law).
The Notes are either Secured Notes or Repack Notes where:
(i)
Secured Notes means a Note where "Type of Notes" is specified as "Secured Notes" in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Secured Notes are Notes which are guaranteed by the Guarantor and in 
respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary are collateralised by a Collateral Pool, 
comprising diversified assets and having Collateral Rules where Notes Market Value Test will apply.
(ii)
Repack Notes means a Note where "Type of Notes" is specified as "Repack Notes" in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Repack Notes are Notes in respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary 
are collateralised by one or more specific bond(s) issued by a third party and having Collateral Rules 
where Notes Market Value Test or Fiduciary Securities Value Test will apply, as specified in the Final 
Terms.
The Notes are issued under Luxembourg law. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement (as defined above) or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
References herein to “any amount due under the Notes" shall depending on the context, mean any payment 
of principal and/or interest due under the Notes. 
References herein to, Underlying shall mean, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Share and/or a 
Depositary Receipt and/or an Index and/or an SGI Index and/or a Reference Rate and/or a Foreign Exchange 
Rate and/or a Commodity and/or a Commodity Index and/or a Fund and/or a Reference Entity and/or a CDS 
Spread and/or an Inflation Index and/or an ETF and/or an ETP and/or a Non Equity Security and/or a 
Preference Share and/or a Warrant and/or Future and/or a Portfolio and/or a Dividend or a basket and/or 
combination thereof (each as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant 
Underlying).
References herein to "the Notes" are to the Notes of one Series (as defined above) only and not to all Notes 
under the Programme and shall if, the context so requires, include Receipts and Coupons.
References herein to the Notes of a Series shall mean:
(a)
any global Note representing Notes in bearer or registered form (Bearer Global Note and 
Registered Global Note, respectively, and each a Global Note). A Bearer Global Note shall be, as 
the case may be, a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note or, in case of Bearer SIS 
Notes, a Permanent Global SIS Note, each as defined in Condition 1 below.
(b)
any Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes). represented by a Bearer Global Note  
(c)
any Bearer Global Note issued as a new Global Note (New Global Note(s) or NGNs);
(d)
any Registered Global Note issued under the new safekeeping structure (New Safekeeping 
Structure or NSS); 
(e)
definitive Bearer Notes (Definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note;
(f)         definitive Bearer SIS Notes (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) issued in exchangefor a Permanent Global 
SIS Note; 
(g)
any definitive Notes in registered form (Definitive Registered Notes) whether or not such Definitive 
Registered Note is issued in exchange for a Registered Global Note and, together, with the Definitive 
Bearer Notes and Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, the Definitive Notes; and

--- Page 168 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
168
(h)
any Notes in dematerialised form in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law 
(Dematerialised Notes).
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects and Series means a Tranche of 
Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.
Subject to the provisions below, any references herein to Noteholders or holder of Notes shall mean the 
several persons who are for the time being the bearers of Bearer Notes and Bearer SIS Notes and the 
registered holders of Registered Notes, as the case may be.
References herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts, and any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. References herein to holders of the Notes or Noteholders shall if, the 
context so requires, include Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
Save as set out below, the Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have 
the benefit of:
(i)
an agency agreement governed by Luxembourg law dated 27 April 2016 and last amended and 
restated on 23 September 2019 (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
modified from time to time, the Agency Agreement) and made between, inter alios, the Fiduciary, 
Societe Generale as guarantor (the Guarantor), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
principal paying agent, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar and 
transfer agent and Societe Generale as calculation agent (the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent) respectively, which expressions shall 
include, in each case, any additional or successor agent appointed from time to time) and any other 
paying agent(s) (such paying agents, together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar, the 
Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed 
from time to time). The Paying Agents, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, 
the Exchange Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the 
Agents; and
(ii)
a calculation agency agreement governed by English law dated 7 November 2017 and amended and 
restated on 23 September 2019 (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
modified from time to time, the Calculation Agency Agreement) and made between, among others, 
the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor and the Fiduciary. 
Any issue of SIS Notes (as defined below) will have the benefit of a Swiss paying agency agreement (the 
Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such 
agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents (except the Registrar), the principal Swiss paying agent and the 
other Swiss paying agents (if any) (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent and the Swiss Paying Agents, 
respectively, and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
and the Swiss Paying Agent). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. 
Any issue of Italian Certificates (as defined below) will have the benefit of an Italian Certificates agency 
agreement (the Italian Certificates Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference 
to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between 
the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Agent and the agent, which shall be appointed in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of the Italian Certificates (the Italian Agent).
Any issue of Dematerialised Notes will be issued pursuant to a Dematerialised Notes Agency Agreement (the 
Dematerialised Notes Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such 
agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between the Fiduciary 
and the LuxCSD Principal Agent which shall be appointed in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 169 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
169
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), Dematerialised 
Notes Agency Agreement (where applicable) the Italian Certificates Agency Agreement (where applicable), 
the Guarantee (in case of Secured Notes), the Collateral Custody Agreement, the Collateral Agency 
Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Related 
Agreement(s) (together, the Transaction Documents) are available for inspection during normal business 
hours from the head office of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor and from the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at www.bourse.lu and on the 
Fiduciary’s website http://prospectus.socgen.com and copies may be obtained from the head office of the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes only) and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents 
save that, if this Note is an Exempt Offer Note (as defined below), the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more such Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Fiduciary, and, if applicable, the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), Dematerialised Notes Agency 
Agreement (where applicable), the Italian Certificates Agency Agreement (where applicable), the Guarantee 
(in case of Secured Notes) and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in the Terms and Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Transaction Documents. 
(a) Non-exempt Offer Note means any Note that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA other than pursuant 
to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded (the Prospectus 
Regulation) or (ii) admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA for the purposes of article 3(3) of 
the Prospectus Regulation and (b) Exempt Offer Note means any Note that is (i) offered to the public in the 
EEA only pursuant to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in the EEA pursuant to article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation.
In connection with Dematerialised Notes, unless the context otherwise requires and except insofar as the 
terms defined in the Agency Agreement are incorporated by reference herein, any reference herein to the 
Agency Agreement will be construed, mutatis mutandis, as a reference to the Dematerialised Notes Agency 
Agreement. A reference to a Paying Agent shall include a reference to the LuxCSD Principal Agent unless 
the context otherwise requires.
Any reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts, and any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons.
Any reference herein to the holder of Notes in the form of Bearer SIS Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed as provided below.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream (each as defined below) shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (including, without limitation, Monte Titoli and LuxCSD, in relation to SIS Notes, , SIX 
SIS Ltd, the Swiss securities services corporation (SIS) or any other clearing institution in Switzerland 
recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. (SIX Swiss Exchange)), approved by the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes only), and, in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to a SIS Note shall be references to a Note, which is, 
or is intended to be, deposited or registered with and cleared through SIS or any other clearing institution in 
Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the 
Intermediary)) and is either a Bearer Note (a Bearer SIS Note which term includes CHF SIS Notes and 
Other SIS Notes) SIS Notes may be denominated in Swiss Francs or other currencies approved by the 
Intermediary. The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether SIS Notes are CHF SIS Notes, Other SIS 
Notes (each as defined below). In the case of SIS Notes, no printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
will occur (except as provided herein with respect to Bearer SIS Notes only).
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Bearer Certificates shall be references to Italian 
Certificates deposited with the centralized clearing system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli) 
acting as central securities depositary (the Central Securities Depositary).

--- Page 170 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
170
1.
FORM, TITLE, TRANSFER, DENOMINATION AND REDENOMINATION 
1.1
Form and title 
The Notes may be Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Definitive Notes or Dematerialised Notes, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) (as defined below) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.1.1    Bearer Notes
Bearer Notes are Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Bearer SIS Notes.
1.1.1.1    Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes and Bearer Certificates)
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes and Bearer Certificates) will be issued 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and in either case will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in New Global Note 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream; or (ii) if the 
Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of 
the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream.
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) is represented by a Global 
Note held on behalf of, or in the case of New Global Notes, by a Common Safekeeper, on behalf of, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (for Secured Notes) and any 
Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (for 
Secured Notes) and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Bearer Note (and the expressions 
"Noteholder", and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
1.1.1.2    Bearer SIS Notes
Bearer SIS Notes are represented by a permanent global Note (Permanent Global SIS Note) without 
Coupons that will be deposited with the Intermediary on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche. Once the Permanent Global SIS Note representing the Bearer SIS Notes has been 
deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated 
Securities). Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs benefit from a limited exception to the 
non-US beneficial ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules, if such Bearer SIS 
Notes fulfil the relevant requirements set out below. Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs 
which fulfil these requirements are hereinafter referred to as CHF SIS Notes. Bearer SIS Notes 
denominated in Swiss Francs that do not fulfil these requirements and Bearer SIS Notes denominated 
in a currency approved by the Intermediary other than Swiss Francs are hereinafter referred to as 
Other SIS Notes.
The following criteria must be fulfilled in order for the limited exception to the non-US beneficial 
ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules to apply:
(a) the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are denominated only in Swiss Francs;
(b) the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are payable only in Switzerland;

--- Page 171 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
171
(c) the CHF SIS Notes are offered and sold in accordance with Swiss customary practice and 
documentation;
(d) the relevant Dealers agree to use reasonable efforts to sell the CHF SIS Notes within Switzerland;
(e) the CHF SIS Notes are not listed, or subject to an application for listing, on an exchange located 
outside Switzerland;
(f) the issuance of the CHF SIS Notes complies with any guidelines or restrictions imposed by Swiss 
governmental, banking or securities authorities from time to time; and
(g) more than 80 per cent. by value of the CHF SIS Notes included in the offering of which they are 
part are offered and sold to non-Dealers by Dealers maintaining an office located in Switzerland.
No holder of Bearer SIS Notes shall at any time have the right to effect or demand the exchange of 
the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, Bearer 
SIS Notes in definitive form (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) or uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form. If (i) the Principal Swiss Paying Agent  deems the printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons to be necessary or useful, or (ii) the presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
is required by Swiss or foreign laws in connection with the enforcement of rights (including in cases 
of bankruptcy, consolidation or reorganisation of the Fiduciary) (each such circumstance, in respect 
of Bearer SIS Notes, a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event), the the Principal Swiss Paying Agent will 
provide for the printing of such definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons at the expense of the 
Fiduciary and without cost to the relevant Noteholders. The Fiduciary irrevocably authorises the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent  to provide for such printing on its behalf. If Definitive Bearer SIS Notes 
are delivered, the relevant Permanent Global SIS Note will immediately be cancelled by the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent and the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes shall be delivered to the relevant holders 
against cancellation of the relevant Bearer SIS Notes in such holders' securities accounts.
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, each holder thereof shall have a quota co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes to the 
extent of his claim against the Fiduciary, provided that, for so long as the Permanent Global SIS Note 
remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the 
Bearer SIS Notes may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a 
securities account of the transferee in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of the Intermediary. The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of SIS Notes held 
through each participant of the Intermediary. In respect of SIS Notes constituting Intermediated 
Securities (Bucheffekten), the holders of such SIS Notes will be the persons holding such SIS Notes 
in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name, or, in the case of intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such SIS Notes for their own 
account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions 
"Noteholder" ,"holder of Notes"  and related expressions shall be construed accordingly).
 1.1.1.3    Bearer Certificates
Bearer Certificate means the Italian Certificates in bearer form deposited with the centralized 
clearing system managed by Monte Titoli.
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Certificates, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
Subject as set out below, the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Bearer Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate deposited with the 
centralized clearing system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli) acting as central securities 
depositary (the Central Securities Depositary) each person (other than Monte Titoli) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Monte Titoli as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Italian Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Monte Titoli as to the 
nominal amount of Italian Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Secured Notes) and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of the Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of any amount on 
such nominal amount of such Italian Certificates, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global

--- Page 172 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
172
Certificate shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (in the case of Secured Certificates) and 
any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Certificates in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Certificates (and the expressions "Certificateholder” or 
“holder of Certificates” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Italian Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate deposited with Monte Titoli will only 
be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Monte Titoli through 
Italian or foreign brokers/intermediaries participating in Monte Titoli.
Definitive Bearer Certificates are issued with Coupons attached.
1.1.2    Registered Notes
The Issuance of a Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by a Global Note (a Registered 
Global Note).
Persons holding beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note will be entitled or required, as the 
case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive 
Registered Notes.
For so long as any of the Registered Notes is represented by a Global Note held by a Common 
Depositary or in the case of Registered Global Notes held under the NSS, a Common Safekeeper, 
on behalf of, Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream) 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes) and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of the Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Note shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes) and any 
Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Note (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Registered Global Notes will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either:
-
deposited with a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and registered in the 
name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream or, 
-
issued under the new safekeeping structure (the NSS), registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the International Central Securities Depositories (ICSDs) acting as Common 
Safekeeper. 
The Fiduciary may be required to obtain certain identification information from Noteholders in order 
to comply with its legal obligations under Luxembourg or any other applicable law. In such case the 
Fiduciary may, in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), send one or more information 
requests to noteholders (a Noteholder Information Request). Each Noteholder receiving a 
Noteholder Information Request is required to (i) provide the Fiduciary within 8 Business Days (or 
such other period as may be specified in the Noteholder Information Request (which for the 
avoidance of doubt may be a shorter or a longer period) of receipt of a Noteholder Information 
Request with the information requested by the Fiduciary for identification purposes and/or (ii) inform 
the Fiduciary, as soon as possible and in any case no later than 8 Business Days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the Noteholder Information Request) after the relevant change 
occurred, of any changes relating to the information provided to the Fiduciary pursuant to limb (i) 
above (a Noteholder Identification Requirement). The Fiduciary may specify particular Noteholder 
Identification Requirements in a Noteholder Information Request.
1.1.3    Dematerialised Notes

--- Page 173 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
173
Dematerialised Notes are in dematerialised book-entry form. No global or definitive Notes will be 
issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes and these General Terms and Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued through an issuance account (compte d’émission) held at LuxCSD 
or such other settlement organisation within the meaning of the Dematerialised Securities Law (a 
Settlement Organisation) as the Fiduciary may appoint from time to time, provided that 
Dematerialised Notes of the same Series or Tranche will at all times be recorded in an issuance 
account with a single Settlement Organisation in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law. 
Dematerialised Notes will be cleared and settled through a Settlement Organisation such as LuxCSD, 
in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law or where the context so requires, via 
intermediation by Euroclear and/or Clearstream.
1.2
Transfers of Notes
1.2.1
Transfer of interests in Global Notes
Notes which are represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, and, 
in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting 
on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. 
1.2.2
Transfer of interests in Registered Global Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear or Clearstream as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, in each case to 
the extent applicable.
1.2.3
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes
Subject as provided herein, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified 
Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder 
or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) 
complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Fiduciary and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial regulations 
being set out in the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be 
required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and, in the 
case of Registered Global Notes, effectuate, and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery

--- Page 174 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
174
of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to 
such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered 
Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new 
Definitive Registered Note or Registered Global Note in respect of the balance of the Definitive 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and, in the case of Registered Global Notes 
issued under the NSS, delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.
1.2.4
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under General Condition 6, the Fiduciary shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption.
1.2.5
Costs of registration
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Fiduciary may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.
1.2.6
Definitions - Transfer to Permitted Transferees
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
Global Notes means a Temporary Global Note and/or a Permanent Global Note and/or a Permanent 
Global SIS Note, as the context may require
Permanent Bearer Global Note shall mean a Bearer Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one 
or more Tranches, either on issue or upon exchange of a Temporary Bearer Global Note, or part of 
it, and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. Permanent Global 
SIS Note shall mean a permanent global SIS Note representing Bearer SIS Notes of one or more 
Tranches on issue, substantially in the form set out in the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement attached 
to the Agency Agreement. 
Permanent Bearer Global Certificate shall mean a Bearer Global Certificate representing Bearer 
Certificates of one or more Tranches, either on issue or upon exchange of a Temporary Bearer Global 
Certificate, or part of it, and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Italian Certificates 
Agency Agreement. 
Permanent Global Note means a permanent global note substantially issued or to be issued by the 
Fiduciary pursuant to the Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Fiduciary and 
the relevant Dealer either (a) in exchange for the whole or part of a Temporary Global Note issued 
in respect of Notes of the same Tranche or Series or (b) in the case of Notes not subject to U.S. 
Treasury regulations, initially issued in respect of such Notes.
Permanent Global SIS Note means a permanent global SIS issued or to be issued by the Fiduciary 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer.
Permitted Transferee means any person who:
(i)
is not a U.S. Person (as defined below); 
(ii)
is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA 
or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance 
of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified 
eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons," shall be considered a U.S. 
person);

--- Page 175 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
175
(iii) 
is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person; and
(iv)
if the applicable Final Terms state that "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction" is "Applicable", has its 
tax residence located in the country (the "Specified Country") specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction") and has undertaken to provide its identity, 
holdings and tax residence to the Collateral Custodian upon request from the Fiduciary 
and/or the Dealer(s). 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction" is "Applicable", by subscribing 
or acquiring Notes and in order to, either have the benefit of an applicable double tax treaty between 
the country of incorporation of the issuer of the Fiduciary Securities and the Permitted Tax Jurisdiction 
or to allow the application of a beneficial tax regime pursuant to the provisions of any domestic 
regulation with respect to the payments derived from the Fiduciary Securities, or for any purpose in 
relation to the tax treatment of the revenues and payments made by the Fiduciary Securities, each 
Noteholder (i) accepts and agrees that its identity, holdings of Notes and tax residence may be 
disclosed to the Collateral Custodian, and (ii) undertakes to supply such information upon request 
from the Fiduciary and/or the Dealer(s).
Where,
IRS U.S. Person means a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986;
Regulation S U.S. Person means a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S;
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act;
Risk Retention U.S. Person means a U.S. person for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules;
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
U.S. Person means (i) Regulation S U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that 
IRS U.S. Person is also applicable, or (ii) if in case of SGI Index Linked Notes, Advised SGI Index 
is applicable or if in case of Portfolio Linked Notes, Dynamic Portfolio is applicable, a person who 
is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms 
specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable;
U.S. Risk Retention Rules means the final rules implementing the credit risk retention 
requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Temporary Global Note shall mean a temporary Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or 
more Tranches on issue and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement.
Notes issued by the Fiduciary which may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, 
redemption, transfer or delivery of Notes made, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio and of no legal effect. Legal and 
beneficial interests in Notes may not be held by persons that are not Permitted Transferees at any 
time. Accordingly, persons that are not Permitted Transferees will not be entitled to any rights as a 
legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Notes.  
1.3
Exchanges
1.3.1      A beneficial interest in a Global Note will, subject to General Condition 1.2.1 and compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for a Definitive Note or a beneficial 
interest in another Global Note (with the same Specified Denomination) only in accordance with the 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream as the case may be, 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the relevant Agency Agreement.

--- Page 176 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
176
1.3.2     Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), on and after the Exchange 
Date, upon a request as described therein either for, as applicable, (i) interests in a Permanent Global 
Note or (ii) Definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons 
and/or Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the Permanent Global Note), in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note against Certification as to non-US beneficial 
ownership as described above and as required by U.S. Treasury regulations unless such Certification 
has already been given pursuant to the provisions set forth above; provided, however, that if the 
relevant Global Note is issued in respect of a Tranche of Bearer Notes described as Partly Paid Notes 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Global Note may be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes and 
(if applicable) Coupons, Receipts and/or Talons as described above only if the final part payment on 
all such Partly Paid Notes then outstanding has been paid. Exchange of a Temporary Global Note 
for interests in a Permanent Global Note will only be made if Definitive Bearer Notes have not already 
been issued. If Definitive Bearer Notes have already been issued, the Temporary Global Note may 
only thereafter be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes pursuant to the terms thereof. The holder 
of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due Certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or, in the case of Bearer Notes, 
for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.
Exchange Date means the day immediately following the later of (i) 40 days after the Temporary 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Temporary Global Certificate, is issued and (ii) 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case 
of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated issue). 
1.3.3    The Permanent Global Note with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons attached will 
be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes in the event 
of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in (i), (ii) or (iii) below (each, an Exchange 
Event) or by the Fiduciary in the event of the occurrence of the circumstances described in (iii) below: 
(i) if applicable, a Fiduciary Event (as defined in General Condition 6.4.1 below) has occurred and is 
continuing; 
(ii) if the Fiduciary has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or announce an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available; or 
(iii) on the occasion of the next payment in respect of any Bearer Notes, the Fiduciary would be 
required to pay additional amounts as referred to in General Conditions 5 and 7 below and such 
payment would not be required were the Notes in definitive form; (provided, however, that if a relevant 
Global Note is issued in respect of a Tranche of Bearer Notes described as Partly Paid Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Global Note may be exchanged for Definitive Notes and (if applicable) 
Coupons, Receipts and/or Talons as described above only if the final part payment on all such Partly 
Paid Notes then outstanding has been paid). 
The Fiduciary will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global Note) may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.
1.3.4     Exchange of Talons
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon. Each Talon 
shall, for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.

--- Page 177 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
177
1.4
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the applicable Final Terms (the 
Specified Denomination(s)). 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
1.5
Redenomination - conversion of currency
The Fiduciary may (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), without the consent of the 
Noteholders, by giving at least 30 days’ notice in accordance with General Condition 12, and on or 
after the date on which a Member State of the European Union whose national currency is the same 
as the Specified Currency, has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union (the EU), as amended from time to time (the Treaty) or events have occurred which 
have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some only, of 
the Notes into Euro and adjust any term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate to 
give effect to such change (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes) 
The date on which such change becomes effective shall be referred to in these General Terms and 
Conditions as the Currency Conversion Date.
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to Article 140 of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 
Euro being rounded upwards), provided that, if the Fiduciary determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination or conversion 
in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the 
Fiduciary shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may 
be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments.
If the Fiduciary so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note 
using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Euro. 
The conversion rate applicable and the amounts in Euro so determined shall be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. Any balance remaining from the change of 
currency in an amount higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable 
in Euros on the Currency Conversion Date.
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall be 
construed as a reference to Euro.
Unless otherwise specified herein, the Fiduciary may, with prior approval of the Principal Paying 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this General Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to General Condition 13.2, without the consent of the Noteholders, make any changes or 
additions to these General Conditions which it reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to 
give effect to the provisions of this General Condition or General Condition 13.2 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking 
into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it 
believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 178 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
178
Neither the Fiduciary nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro 
or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.
Any such changes or additions made pursuant to this General Condition will, in the absence of 
manifest or proven error, be conclusive and binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons.
2.
LIMITED RECOURSE AND STATUS OF THE NOTES AND GUARANTEE
2.1
Limited recourse and status of Notes
The Notes do not constitute personal debt obligations of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., being 
obligations that relate to the personal estate of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., but are solely 
fiduciary obligations of the Fiduciary in accordance with the Fiduciary Law and may only be satisfied 
out of the Fiduciary Assets. Such obligations are conditional upon the due and timely performance 
by each Fiduciary Assets Obligor of its obligations, including in respect of payments and deliveries, 
under the relevant Related Agreements and/or the relevant Fiduciary Assets. 
The Notes rank pari passu, without any preference, among themselves.
The entitlement of Noteholders to receive payments and/or deliveries under the Notes is entirely 
dependent upon the receipt by the Fiduciary of payments and/or deliveries, as the case may be, in 
respect of the Fiduciary Assets and/or the Related Agreements.
No other assets of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. (either in its personal capacity or as 
fiduciary in respect of any other series of fiduciary investments) will be available for payments 
of any amounts not received and/or deliveries of assets not delivered under the relevant 
Related Agreements or Fiduciary Assets and any shortfall will be borne exclusively by the 
Noteholders.
2.2
Guarantee with respect to Secured Notes 
Societe Generale (the Guarantor) has entered into a guarantee governed by French law dated 18 
June 2021 (the Guarantee) in favour of the holders of each Series of Secured Notes only. 
The Guarantee provides that if:
(i)
other than following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice (as defined in "Part 3 - 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions" of the General Terms and Conditions), the Fiduciary does not 
for any reason pay any sum payable by it to a Noteholder in respect of any Note, or any 
Coupon appertaining thereto (including any premium or any other amounts of whatever 
nature or additional amounts which may become payable under any of the foregoing), as 
and when the same shall become due under the Terms and Conditions, the Guarantor will 
pay to such Noteholder on demand the amount payable by the Fiduciary to such Noteholder 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions; and
(ii)
following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice (as defined in "Part 3 - Fiduciary 
Assets Provisions" of the General Terms and Conditions), the Fiduciary does not pay when 
due the full amount payable by it to a Noteholder in respect of any Note of any Series relating 
to the Collateral Pool to which such Collateral Liquidation Notice relates, or Coupon 
appertaining thereto (including any premium or any other amount of whatever nature, or 
additional amounts which may become payable under any of the foregoing), the Guarantor 
will pay to such Noteholder, an amount equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) such Note’s 
pro rata share of the amount equal to (i) the Early Redemption Amount calculated in respect 
of all of the Notes of such Series less (ii) the product of (x) the Collateral Assets Liquidation 
Proceeds as reduced by the payments of amounts to Margined Parties ranking prior to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty and (y) the Collateral Ratio.

--- Page 179 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
179
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee will constitute direct unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided 
in Article L.613-30 I 3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier (the French Code).
Such Guarantee obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority 
among themselves and: 
(i)
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the French law n°2016-
1691 dated 9 December 2016 entered into force on 11 December 2016 (the Law); 
(ii)
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the French Code) of the 
Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law; 
(iii)
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and
(iv)      senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article 
L.613-30-3 I 4° of the French Code) and all present or future subordinated obligations and 
deeply subordinated obligations of the Guarantor.
Any references to sums or amounts payable by the Fiduciary which are guaranteed by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee shall be to such sums and/or amounts as directly reduced, and/or in the case 
of conversion into equity, as reduced by the amount of such conversion, and/or otherwise modified 
from time to time resulting from the application of a bail-in power by any relevant authority pursuant 
to Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union.
3.
THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT
Each Note is issued on a fiduciary basis, each of which evidences the existence of a fiduciary 
contract, which is a "contrat fiduciaire" governed by the Fiduciary Law, on the terms and subject to 
the conditions described below between the holder of such Note and the Fiduciary (the Fiduciary 
Contract). By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders will accept, 
acknowledge and agree to all the provisions of the Fiduciary Contract.
The Terms and Conditions form part of the Fiduciary Contract and set out the rights of each 
Noteholder under the Fiduciary Contract and certain duties, powers and discretions of the Fiduciary. 
Subject to General Condition 3.2, the Fiduciary shall and hereby undertakes to perform such duties 
and to exercise such powers and discretions in the best interests of the Noteholders. 
The Fiduciary is not obliged to account to the Noteholders in respect of any fees, expenses, 
commissions, premiums or other costs received and/or paid by it in respect of its appointment as 
Fiduciary or in connection with its operations as Fiduciary, nor for any interest earned by it on amounts 
held by it from time to time on behalf of the Noteholders, whether or not such payments were made 
through Related Agreements.
The Fiduciary makes no representation or warranty and assumes no liability for, or responsibility or 
obligation in respect of, the legality, validity or enforceability of the Fiduciary Assets or the Related 
Agreements or any of them, the performance and observance by any Fiduciary Assets Obligor of 
their obligations in respect of the Related Agreements or the recoverability of any monies due or to 
become due under the Related Agreements or the Fiduciary Assets. The Fiduciary is under no 
obligation to seek or maintain any insurance in respect of any Fiduciary Assets or any part of the 
Fiduciary Assets.
The Fiduciary shall be under no obligation to the Noteholders other than that of faithful performance 
of its undertakings, duties, rights, powers and discretions under the Fiduciary Contract as set forth 
above and, in the event of a Collateral Liquidation Event, shall be under no obligation to apply the 
proceeds of any rights of set-off, banker’s lien or counterclaim arising out of other transactions 
between the Fiduciary and any Fiduciary Assets Obligor in payment of the Notes. The Fiduciary shall

--- Page 180 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
180
have no obligation to monitor the performance of any Fiduciary Assets Obligor and is under no 
obligation to disclose information relating to the Fiduciary Assets and/or the Related Agreements.
Neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will be precluded from making any contracts or entering 
into any business transaction in the ordinary course of their business with any Fiduciary Assets 
Obligor or from owning in any capacity any Notes or transacting in any assets equivalent to those 
comprised in the Fiduciary Assets at any time, and neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will 
be accountable to the Noteholders for any profits resulting therefrom. The Fiduciary may consult on 
any legal matter with any legal advisers selected by it and shall incur no liability for actions taken, or 
suffered to be taken, with respect to such matter in good faith in reliance upon the opinion of such 
legal advisers, unless the Fiduciary has been grossly negligent (faute grave) or is guilty of wilful 
misconduct (dol).
Consistent with the Fiduciary Law, Noteholders have no direct right of action against any Fiduciary 
Assets Obligor to enforce their rights under the Notes or the Coupons or to compel any Fiduciary 
Assets Obligor to comply with its obligations under a Related Agreement or in relation to a Fiduciary 
Asset, even in the case of the Fiduciary’s failure to act or the insolvency of the Fiduciary. However, 
if, under the Fiduciary Assets and/or Related Agreements, the Fiduciary is entitled and, furthermore, 
has, pursuant to the Fiduciary Contract in respect of each Note, become obliged to take legal action 
against a Fiduciary Assets Obligor and has failed to take such action within a reasonable time, then 
(if and to the extent such failure is continuing), each Noteholder is individually entitled to institute 
indirect legal action (action oblique) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Luxembourg 
civil code against the Fiduciary Assets Obligor in lieu of the Fiduciary and on its behalf. 
The rights of the Fiduciary in respect of the Related Agreements and other Fiduciary Assets are 
Fiduciary Assets of the Fiduciary and are held for the exclusive benefit (save as provided in these 
General Terms and Conditions) and at the sole risk of the Noteholders. Pursuant to the Fiduciary 
Law, the Fiduciary Assets are segregated from all other assets of the Fiduciary (including all other 
fiduciary assets the Fiduciary may hold pursuant to fiduciary contracts with third parties) and are not 
available to meet the claims of creditors of the Fiduciary other than creditors (including the 
Noteholders) whose rights derive from the Fiduciary Contract or exist as a result of the creation and 
existence of the Fiduciary Assets. In a liquidation of the Fiduciary, the Fiduciary Assets are not part 
of the estate of the Fiduciary. They may be attached only by persons whose rights exist as a result 
of the creation and existence of the Fiduciary Assets.
The Notes do not constitute direct debt obligations of Societe Generale Luxembourg or any other 
entity belonging to the Group, i.e. obligations that affect the personal estate of Societe Generale 
Luxembourg. The ability of the Fiduciary to meet its obligations to pay principal, interest and any 
other sums due and perform any other obligation in respect of the Notes will be dependent and 
condition upon the due and timely performance by the Fiduciary Asset Obligors of their obligations in 
respect of the relevant Fiduciary Assets and receipt by the Fiduciary of any monies payable 
thereunder.
3.1
SG Luxembourg Declaration
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "SG Luxembourg Declaration" is applicable, by subscribing 
for Notes on the Issue Date or by purchasing Notes in the secondary market each Noteholder 
unconditionally and irrevocably declares to the Fiduciary and the Guarantor in case of Secured Notes 
that all amounts of interest, coupon, dividends or other distributions of income in respect of the 
Collateral Assets shall be paid directly by the relevant obligor to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
(on its own behalf and not as Fiduciary) (SG Luxembourg) and shall not be credited to the Fiduciary 
Account or constitute Fiduciary Assets in respect of the Notes (the SG Luxembourg Declaration). 
Under a separate declaration, SG Luxembourg has unconditionally and irrevocably declared, in 
respect of each Series of Notes, that on the date of receipt of any such amount of interest, coupon, 
dividend or other distribution of income, it will pay an amount equal thereto, in the same currency, to 
Societe Generale.
Under the Swap Agreement, the Fiduciary’s obligation to pay any such amount of interest, coupon, 
dividend or other distribution of income to the Related Agreement Counterparty shall be automatically 
discharged if and to the extent that payment of an equivalent distribution has been made by SG

--- Page 181 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
181
Luxembourg to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the SG Luxembourg 
Declaration.
3.2
Exercise of rights in respect of Fiduciary Assets and Related Agreements
The Fiduciary undertakes to exercise its rights under the Related Agreements and/or the Fiduciary 
Assets and its corresponding duties, powers and discretions in the best interests of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything to the contrary in the Terms and Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Collateral Custody Agreement, to the extent that the Collateral Assets include any 
CTA Collateral Assets transferred to the Fiduciary by the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant 
to the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the Fiduciary will not, for as long as a Related Agreement 
Counterparty Event has not occurred, exercise any voting rights in its capacity as holder of such CTA 
Collateral Assets unless directed to do so by the Related Agreement Counterparty and, if any such 
direction is given, only in accordance with such direction. In such circumstances, the Collateral 
Custodian has agreed to exercise such rights (at the cost of the Related Agreement Counterparty) in 
such manner as the Related Agreement Counterparty may direct.
4.
INTEREST
The provisions of this General Condition 4 shall apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
"Fixed Rate Note Provisions", "Floating Rate Note Provisions", "Structured Interest Note Provisions" 
and/or "Zero Coupon Notes Provision" are "Applicable".
For the purpose of this General Condition 4, any reference to "Interest Amount" shall be deemed to 
be a reference to the Fixed Coupon Amount, the Floating Coupon Amount or the Structured Interest 
Amount (each as defined below) when the context requires.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Type of Notes" is "Repack Notes", the provisions of General 
Condition 4.1 to 4.7 are subject to the provisions of General Condition 6.5 below. 
4.1
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" are "Applicable", this 
General Condition 4.1 applies.
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of fixed coupon amount 
(the Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this General Condition for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Business Day Convention, the Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
(if any), any applicable Broken Amount(s), Calculation Amount, Day Count Fraction and any 
applicable Determination Date.
Fixed Rate Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day 
Count Fraction as interest payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by 
applying the Rate(s) of Interest to the Specified Denomination as it shall be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.
In the case of Notes which are Non-exempt Offer to the public and where the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined by reference to a percentage to be published by the Fiduciary on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com, the applicable Final Terms will specify an indicative value, a minimum 
value and will indicate the date of publication thereof.
For the purpose of this General Condition:

--- Page 182 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
182
Fixed Rate Note means a Note which bears one or more fixed rate(s) of interest applicable to the 
relevant Interest Period which may be either an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note or an Unadjusted Fixed 
Rate Note.
Adjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and 
the Interest Payment Date are subject to modification in accordance with the provisions of General 
Condition 4.1.2.
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and 
the Interest Payment Date remain, for the purposes of this General Condition 4 (and without prejudice 
to the provisions of General Condition 4.4), unchanged and are calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 4.1.1.
4.1.1
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes
Each Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
If the Notes are Definitive Bearer Notes, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the Broken Amount so specified (the Broken Amount).
Except in the case of Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes where 
an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate(s) of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to:
(1)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Notes represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series (or, if they are Partly Paid 
Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(2)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered 
Notes, the Calculation Amount,
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (if any), and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (as defined in General Condition 4.7.3 below) of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. Fixed Rate Notes 
may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day Count Fraction as 
interest payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by applying the Rate(s) of 
Interest to the Specified Denomination as it shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or a 
Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
4.1.2
Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes
4.1.2.1 Each Adjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, and such interest will be 
payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or 
(y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Business Day Convention" is:

--- Page 183 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
183
(1)
Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(2)
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or 
other date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or
(3)
Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, 
and the expression Interest Payment Date shall be construed accordingly.
4.1.2.2 The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Adjusted Fixed Rate 
Interest Amount) payable on the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to:
(1)
in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are Notes represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(2)
in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or 
Definitive Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note which is a 
Definitive Bearer Note or a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.
4.2
Floating Rate Note Provisions
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) the "Floating Rate Note Provisions" are "Applicable" 
and/or (ii) Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes apply, this General 
Condition 4.2 applies.
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of floating coupon 
amount (the Floating Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this General Condition 
for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes.
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date (if any), the 
Floating Coupon Amount(s), the Interest Payment Date(s), the Business Day Convention, the method 
of determination of the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount, any Margin(s)/Spread(s), any 
Leverage Factor, any minimum rate of interest (the Minimum Rate of Interest) or any maximum rate 
of interest (the Maximum Rate of Interest) (whereby these latter elements may also be specified in 
the formula for the calculation of the Floating Coupon Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), and any Day Count Fraction and any rate multiplier (the Rate Multiplier).
In the case of Notes which are Non-exempt Offer to the public and where the Floating Coupon 
Amount is to be determined by reference to one or more component(s) being a percentage to be 
published by the Fiduciary on http://prospectus.socgen.com, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
an indicative value, a minimum value, and will indicate the date of publication thereof.
4.2.1
Specified Period(s) and Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 184 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
184
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period on either:
(1)
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
(2)
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
an Interest Payment Date) numerically corresponding to the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date and which falls the number of months or other period(s) (the Specified 
Period(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms after such preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date (and if no Interest Commencement Date is specified, after the Issue Date).
4.2.2
Floating Coupon Amount 
The Floating Coupon Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes will be determined by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
4.2.3
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes or Reference Rate Linked Notes, as the 
case may be, will be determined pursuant to the provisions below as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
4.2.3.1 ISDA Determination
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Method of determination of the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount" is "ISDA Determination" the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
margin(s) (the Margin(s)), if any, which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be also referred to 
as the spread(s) (the Spread(s)) in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by any leverage 
factor (the Leverage Factor). 
For the purposes of this paragraph, ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means, subject to the 
provisions of 4.2.3.5 below, a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or any other person specified in the applicable Final Terms, under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and under which:
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(the “Hypothetical Swap Transaction”)
For purposes of this paragraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reset Date and Euro-zone have the meanings given to those terms 
in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the 2021 ISDA Definitions) and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the "Method of 
determination of the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount", unless a higher Minimum Rate 
of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero.

--- Page 185 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
185
Except if the provisions of 4.2.3.3 or 4.2.3.4 apply, in the applicable Final Terms, when the 
paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, of next shorter 
length before the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are 
available, of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
4.2.3.2 Standard Screen Rate Determination
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Method of determination of the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount" is "Standard Screen Rate Determination" or otherwise provide 
that “Standard Screen Rate Determination” applies: 
-
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and in 
General Condition 4.2.3.5 below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the relevant screen page (the Relevant 
Screen Page) as at the specified time (the Specified Time) or the Specified Time 
in the principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference Rate on 
the interest determination date in question (the Interest Determination Date), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin or Spread (if any) multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Calculation Agent shall request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks 
(as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant  Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that

--- Page 186 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
186
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the relevant 
inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied 
by any Leverage Factor or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Fiduciary and the Calculation Agent 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the relevant inter-bank market (or, as the case may be, the quotations of 
such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor. 
Where:
Reference Rate(s) means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the deposit 
rate, the interbank rate, the swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given to it, for each Reference Rate, in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series. For instance, in case of a EURIBOR rate, the 
Reference Banks will be the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market.
Euro-zone has the meaning given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.
In the applicable Final Terms, when the clause "Reference Rate" specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time, for which rates are available, of next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the 
period of time, for which rates are available, of next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period.
4.2.3.3 Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the “Method of determination of the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount” is “Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination” or 
“Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination” or otherwise provide that “Compounded RFR 
Screen Rate Determination” or “Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination” applies and the 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
or Reference Rate Linked Notes as the case may be, is based on an overnight risk-free rate 
(such as and without limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, 
AONIA, CORRA) (each an Underlying Benchmark), the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below in 4.2.3.5, be such Reference Rate which is either (i) 
a Published Compounded RFR or (ii) a Published Averaged RFR,plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Compounded RFR means the relevant 
Reference Rate as provided by the administrator to authorized distributors and published at 
the specified time (the Specified Time)  on the relevant screen page (the Relevant Screen 
Page) (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a date (the Interest 
Determination Date) (specified in the applicable Final Terms or if none is specified, it shall be

--- Page 187 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
187
deemed to be on the 5th Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date) corresponding 
to the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment over a certain period of time (the 
Tenor) calculated in accordance with any one of the RFR Compounding Methods described 
in General Conditions 4.2.3.4.1 to 4.2.3.4.4 below (each as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Averaged RFR means the relevant 
Reference Rate as provided by the administrator to authorised distributors and published at 
the specified time (the Specified Time) on the relevant screen page (the Relevant Screen 
Page) (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a date (the Interest 
Determination Date) (specified in the applicable Final Terms or if none is specified, it shall be 
deemed to be on the 5th Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date), corresponding 
to the arithmetic average of the Underlying Benchmark as observed over a certain period of 
time (the Tenor) calculated in accordance with any one of the RFR Averaging Methods 
described in General Conditions 4.2.3.4.1 to 4.2.3.4.4 below (each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms).  
4.2.3.4    Determination of the Rate of Interest based on RFR Compounding Methods and RFR 
Averaging Methods
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the “Method of determination of the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount” is any of “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with 
Observation Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout” or “OIS Compounding” (each a RFR 
Compounding Method and together the RFR Compounding Methods), the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period, will subject as provided in 4.2.3.5 below, be equal to (i) the 
Reference Rate corresponding to the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
over a certain tenor calculated on the basis of an overnight risk-free rate (such as without 
limitation  SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or CORRA) (each 
an Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with any 
one  of the RFR Compounding Methods described in General Conditions 4.2.3.4.1 to 4.2.3.4.4 
below as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date (each as specified in the 
Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards).
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the “Method of determination of the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount” is any of “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with 
Observation Shift”, “Averaging with Lockout” or “Overnight Averaging” (each an RFR 
Averaging Method and together the RFR Averaging Methods), the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period, will subject as provided below, be equal to (i) the Reference Rate 
corresponding to the arithmetic average over a certain tenor of an overnight risk-free rate 
(such as without limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or 
CORRA) (each an Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms) in 
accordance with any one of the RFR Averaging Methods described in General Conditions 
4.2.3.4.1 to 4.2.3.4.4 below, as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date (each 
as specified in the Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards).
4.2.3.4.1 Lookback
 4.2.3.4.1.1 If “Compounding with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable 
RFR Compounding Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
µ[
d0
∏
i = 1(1 +
Underlying Benchmark Leveli ― Lookback r ABD × ni
Day Count Basis
) ― 1] ×
Day Count Basis
d

--- Page 188 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
188
4.2.3.4.1.2 If “Averaging with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Averaging Method, the Reference Rate is equal to:
[∑
i = d0
i = 1
Underlying Benchmark Leveli ― Lookback r ABD] ×
1
𝑑
4.2.3.4.1.3 Definitions for Lookback 
For the purposes of 4.2.3.4.1.1 and 4.2.3.4.1.2 : 
Applicable Business Day or ABD means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial center of the relevant currency of the relevant Underlying Benchmark of the 
Reference Rate.
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period.
d0 is, for any Interest Period :
-
if “Compounding with Lookback” applies :   the number of Applicable Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Period except if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest 
Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period plus one, or
-
if “Averaging with Lookback” applies : the number of calendar days in that Interest 
Period
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding with Lookback” applies, the denominator of the 
Day Count Fraction that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant 
Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360.
i is :
- if “Compounding with Lookback” applies :
a. if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series 
of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; or
b.If the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, 
then it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0 , where i = 1 represents the first calendar day 
of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to d0  represents the relevant Applicable 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; or   
- if “Averaging with Lookback” applies :
a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the 
Interest Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Interest 
Period.
Lookback r means, the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the Final Terms; if 
none is specified “Lookback r “shall be deemed to be equal to 5;
ni means, if “Compounding with Lookback” applies, for any day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from and including such day “i” to but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next 
Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Period.
 Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD means :
(a) subject to paragraph (b) below, for any Applicable Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, the level of the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms in

--- Page 189 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
189
respect of the Applicable Business Day falling “Lookback r” Applicable Business Days 
preceding “i” provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules 
of an Underlying Benchmark, an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an Applicable Business 
Day may be provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant 
Screen Pages, one or more  (the actual number being “p”) Applicable Business Days following  
such Applicable Business Day (e.g. SONIA and SOFR); in that case, the Underlying 
Benchmark Level i-Lookback rABD shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on day i - 
Lookback r ABD plus “p” Applicable Business Day(s). 
(b) if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Leveli – Lookback r ABD for any Applicable Business Dayi – Lookback  
r ABD shall be either:
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) and the Daily Floored 
Rate specified (if any); and
(ii)  the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) and the Daily Capped 
Rate specified (if any),
as applicable.
4.2.3.4.2 Observation Shift 
4.2.3.4.2.1 If “Compounding with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
applicable RFR Compounding Method, the Reference Rate is equal to:
[
d0
∏
i = 1(1 +
Underlying Benchmark Leveli × ni
Day Count Basis
) ― 1] ×
Day Count Basis
d
4.2.3.4.2.2 If “Averaging with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
applicable RFR Averaging Method, the Reference Rate is equal to:
[∑
i = d0
i = 1
Underlying Benchmark Leveli]
4.2.3.4.2.3 Definitions for Observation Shift
For the purposes of General Conditions 4.2.3.4.2.1 and 4.2.3.4.2.2:
Applicable Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial center of the relevant currency of the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference 
Rate.
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
 is:
𝐝𝟎
-
if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies,  the number of Applicable Business Days 
in the Observation Period, or
-
if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies, the number of calendar days in the 
Observation Period.
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies, the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the 
relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360;

--- Page 190 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
190
i is:
-
if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies: 
a. a series of whole numbers from one to 
, each representing the relevant Applicable 
d0
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period, or
-
if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies: 
b. a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day 
in the Observation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day 
in the Observation Period.
 
ni is, if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies, the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable 
Business Day, and (b) the Observation Period End Date for the relevant Observation Period 
or the Observation Period End Date of the Set in Advance Observation Period as the case 
may be.
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day means a Business Day in the financial 
centers specified, as the case may be, for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms 
otherwise if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there shall be no Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day.
Observation Period means, for any Interest Period, (A) the period from, and including, the 
date “s” Observation Period Shift Business Days preceding the first calendar day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date 
falling “s” Observation Period Shift Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the date s Observation Period Shift Business Days preceding the last day of 
the relevant Interest Period (the “Observation Period End Date”) unless (B) a Set-In-Advance 
Observation Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the Observation 
Period shall be such period. 
Observation Period Shift Business Day means a day which is both an Applicable Business 
Day and, as the case may be, an Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day. 
Set-In-Advance Observation Period means in respect of an Interest Period, the period that 
would have been the Observation Period of the immediately preceding Interest Period, if it had 
been determined on the basis of the definition of Observation Period above provided that in 
respect of the first Interest Period, the Set-In Advance Observation Period shall be as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the First Set-In-Advance Observation Period). 
Underlying Benchmark Level i means :
(a) if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph (c) below, for 
any Applicable Business Day “i”, the level of the Underlying Benchmark specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such Applicable Business Day “i”, provided by its 
administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the 
Specified Time. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an  Underlying Benchmark, 
an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an Applicable Business Day “i” may be provided by its 
administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages, one or more 
(the actual number being “p”) Applicable Business Days following such Applicable Business 
Day “i”; in that case, the Underlying Benchmark  Level I  shall be the Underlying Benchmark 
Level published “p” Applicable Business Day(s) following such day “i”; or
(b) if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph (c) below: 
(i) for any Applicable Business Day “i”, the level of the Underlying Benchmark  in respect of 
such Applicable Business Day “i”, provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Pages;

--- Page 191 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
191
(ii) for any day that is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark  
in respect of the preceding Applicable Business Day in each case as provided by its 
administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages;
(c) if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Level i shall be either:
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the Daily Floored 
Rate specified (if any); and
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the Daily Capped 
Rate specified (if any),as applicable.
s is the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” in the applicable Final Terms; if 
none is specified, “s“ shall be deemed to be equal to 5.
4.2.3.4.3 Lockout 
4.2.3.4.3.1 If “Compounding with Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Compounding Method, the Reference Rate is equal to:
[
d0
∏
i = 1(1 +
Underlying Benchmark Leveli × ni
Day Count Basis
) ― 1] ×
Day Count Basis
d
4.2.3.4.3.2 If “Averaging with Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Averaging Method, the Reference Rate is equal to:
[∑
i = d0
i = 1
Underlying Benchmark Leveli x ni] ×
1
d
4.2.3.4.3.3 Definitions 
For the purposes of General Conditions 4.2.3.4.3.1 and 4.2.3.4.3.2:
Applicable Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial center of the relevant currency of the Underlying Benchmark relevant Reference Rate.
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period.
d0 is, for any Interest Period:
-
if “Compounding with Lockout” applies :  the number of Applicable Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period, except if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not 
an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period plus one, or
-
if “Averaging with Lockout” applies : the number of calendar days in that Interest Period.
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding with Lockout” applies, the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant  Reference 
Rate and which is either 365 or 360.
i is:
-
if “Compounding with Lockout” applies :
(a) if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable Business Day, a 
series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business

--- Page 192 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
192
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, 
then it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to 
, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day 
d0
of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to 
 represents the relevant Applicable 
d0
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; or
-
if “Averaging with Lockout” applies :
a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the 
Calculation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the 
Calculation Period.
Lockout Date is the date “t” Lockout Period Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period or, in respect of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date (or the date falling t 
Lockout Period Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable. 
Lockout Period is the period from, and including, the Lockout Date to, but excluding, the last 
day of the Interest Period or, in respect of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date (excluded).
Lockout Period Business Day means:
(i) a Business Day in the financial centers specified for such purpose in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(ii) if no financial centers are specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Applicable Business Day. 
ni is, if “Compounding with Lockout” applies,  the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the day i to, but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding)  (a) the next Applicable Business Day, 
and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Period 
t means: 
(i) the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or
(ii) if no number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, “t” shall be deemed to be equal to 5
Underlying Benchmark Level i means :
(a) subject to paragraph (c), in respect of any dayi other than an dayi in the Lockout Period:
(i) if such day “i” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect 
of such Applicable Business Day “i” provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time.;or
(ii) if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in 
respect of the immediately preceding Applicable Business Day provided by its administrator to 
authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time;
For the avoidance of doubt, an Underlying Benchmark, in respect of an Applicable Business Day 
“i”, may be provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant 
Screen Pages, one or more (the actual number being “p”) Applicable Business Day (e.g. SONIA 
and SOFR) in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level I in respect of an Applicable Business 
Day i    shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published “p” Applicable Business Day(s) 
following such day “i”; or
(b) subject to paragraph (c), in respect of an Applicable Business Day i in the Lockout Period, 
the level of the Underlying Benchmark determined in respect of the Lockout Date as if the 
Lockout Date were an Interest Determination Date; or

--- Page 193 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
193
(c) if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Benchmark Leveli for any Applicable Business Dayi shall be either: 
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) or paragraph (b), as 
applicable, and the Daily Floored Rate so specified; and
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) or paragraph (b), as 
applicable, and the Daily Capped Rate so specified,
as applicable.
4.2.3.4.4 OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging 
4.2.3.4.4.1 If “OIS Compounding” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Compounding Method, then the Reference Rate is equal to: 
[
d0
∏
i = 1(1 +
Underlying Benchmark Leveli × ni
Day Count Basis
) ― 1] ×
Day Count Basis
d
    
4.2.3.4.4.2 If “Overnight Averaging” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR 
Averaging Method, then the Reference Rate is equal to: 
[∑
i = d0
i = 1
Underlying Benchmark Leveli] ×
1
𝑑
4.2.3.4.4.3 Definitions 
For the purposes of General Conditions 4.2.3.4.4.1 and 4.2.3.4.4.2 : 
Applicable Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the relevant 
Reference Rate.
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
d0 is, for any Interest Period :
-
if “OIS Compounding” applies : the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period except if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable 
Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest Period 
plus one; or
-
if “Overnight Averaging” applies : the number of calendar days in that Interest Period
Day Count Basis means, if “OIS Compounding” applies, in respect of a Reference Rate, the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark 
of the Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360.
i is:
-
if  « OIS Compounding » applies :
(i) if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series 
of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in

--- Page 194 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
194
chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(ii) if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then 
it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to 
,  where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the 
d0
relevant Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to
  represents the relevant Applicable Business 
 d0
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period.     
- if “Overnight Averaging” applies: a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the 
relevant calendar day in the Interest Period in chronological order from, and including, the first 
calendar day in the Interest Period;
ni is, if “OIS Compounding” applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day  i
to, but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the 
last day of the Interest Period or, in respect of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date.
Underlying Benchmark Leveli” means, for any day “i”: 
(a) if such day “i” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in 
respect of such Applicable Business Day “i” provided by its administrator to authorized 
distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; or
(b) if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in 
respect of the immediately preceding Applicable Business Day provided by its administrator to 
authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time.
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, an Underlying 
Benchmark in respect of an Applicable Business Day “i” may be provided by its administrator to 
authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages, one or more  (the actual 
number being “p”) Applicable Business Days following such Applicable Business Day “i” in that 
case, the Underlying Benchmark Level I  shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published “p” 
Applicable Business Day(s) following such day “i”.
4.2.3.5 Events affecting Reference Rates and Underlying Benchmarks
4.2.3.5.1 No Index Event has occurred 
(i) If ISDA Determination applies pursuant to 4.2.3.1 above, the Calculation Agent will apply the 
fallback  provisions of the 2021 ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate Option specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, to determine the ISDA Rate in case the Underlying Benchmark 
related to the relevant Floating Rate Option is not published or cannot be determined on a day 
on which it should have been published and determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Hypothetical Swap Transaction.
(ii) If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 4.2.3.2 above, for the purpose of 
determining the Rate of Interest, and if, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, (x) the 
Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the provisions of 4.2.3.2 and (y) an 
Index Event has not occurred, then the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of the 
latest (1) offered quotation; or (2) arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time indicated in the Final Terms  or 
the Specified Time in the principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference 
Rate, available immediately before the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(iii) If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate 
Determination applies pursuant to paragraph 4.2.3.3 above, for the purpose of determining the

--- Page 195 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
195
Rate(s) of Interest, and if, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, (x) the Reference Rate 
has not been published on the Relevant Screen Page and (y) an Index Event has not occurred, 
then the Calculation Agent will calculate the Reference Rate by applying one of the calculation 
methodologies described in 4.2.3.4 above corresponding to the Method of Determination of the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(iv) If any of the RFR Compounding Methods or the RFR Averaging Methods applies pursuant 
to 4.2.3.4 above or pursuant to the paragraph (iii) immediately above and (a) the Underlying 
Benchmark Level cannot be determined in respect of a day “i” because it has not been provided 
by its administrator to authorized distributors and/or is not published on Relevant Screen Pages 
and (b) an Index Event has not occurred, then the Underlying Benchmark Level i  in respect of 
a day ”i” shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (i) pursuant to the Temporary Non 
Publication Fallback of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions Floating Rate Matrix (the ISDA Matrix) as updated and amended as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes when the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is also an Underlying Benchmark under the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA 
Matrix as if it were the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and using the Underlying Benchmark 
to determine the amounts due under such interest rate swap transaction or (ii) otherwise, as the 
latest available Underlying Benchmark Level provided by its administrator and published on the 
Relevant Screen Pages.
4.2.3.5.2 If an Index Event has occurred 
If on any day on which a Reference Rate (including a Reference Rate referred to in the Floating 
Rate Option mentioned in 4.2.3.1 above) or an Underlying Benchmark must be determined to 
be used by the Calculation Agent to calculate the Rate(s) of Interest for an Interest Period (the 
“Affected Interest Period”), the relevant Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is affected 
by an Index Event, then subject to the provisions in (y) below  :
(x)
1) With respect to a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark hereunder that constitutes 
an “Underlying Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix, 
(i) the Calculation Agent of the Notes or any other person specified in the Final Terms shall apply 
the Permanent Cessation Fallback or the Administrator Benchmark Fallback (but except the 
Generic Fallback Provisions) as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions and indicated in the ISDA 
Matrix (such Permanent Cessation Fallback, but except the Generic Fallback Provisions, the 
Priority Fallback), as if it were the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and using the 
Underlying Benchmark to determine the amounts due under such interest rate swap transaction, 
for the purposes of determining any Replacement Benchmark and, as the case may be, an 
Adjustment Spread pursuant to this Condition 4.2.3.5 and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these General Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence of an Index Event such 
Priority Fallback shall apply and the rate so determined shall constitute the Reference Rate or 
the Underlying Benchmark for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions,
2) if the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark constitutes an “Underlying Benchmark” for 
the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix but the Permanent Cessation 
Fallback or the Administrator Benchmark Fallback is “Generic Fallback Provisions” (as specified 
in the ISDA Matrix) or the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark does not constitute an 
“Underlying Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix, the 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable, attempt to determine a Replacement 
Benchmark and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread,

--- Page 196 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
196
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT 
(y) if the Index Event is (i) an Index Cessation Event but the Reference Rate or the Underlying 
Benchmark is still available and representative; or (ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event but 
which is not yet effective as determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Reference Rate or 
the Underlying Benchmark for the Affected Interest Period shall be determined pursuant to the 
provisions that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Index Event had 
occurred; 
and 
(z) if the Index Event is (i) an Index Cessation Event but the Reference Rate or the Underlying 
Benchmark 
is 
no 
longer 
available 
or 
is 
no 
longer 
representative; 
or 
(ii) 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event which is effective as determined by the Calculation Agent, if the 
Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms affected 
by the Index Event and used to determine the Rate of Interest of an Interest Period is a Term 
Rate determined before or at the beginning of such Interest Period and pursuant to the 
application of the provisions in (x) above, it will be replaced by a Replacement Benchmark to be 
determined at the end or just after the end of an Interest Period as the result of the compounding 
or averaging of an overnight  rate, as observed on dates during a period starting on or before 
the beginning of the Interest Period, as the case may be plus an Adjustment Spread, then the 
Replacement Benchmark shall be used as from the Affected Interest Period and determined at 
the end or just after such Affected Interest Period.
Term Rate means a benchmark that reflects the rate of return in the relevant market for one or 
more specified periods of time, with the relevant period of time to be specified in the Final Terms  
as the Designated Maturity or as part of the Floating Rate Option. 
If no Replacement Rate, and as the case may, Adjustment Spread, has been determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions above, then the Calculation Agent may apply the 
provisions of General Condition 6.3.2.
4.2.3.6 Conforming changes
Following the occurrence of an Index Event, the Calculation Agent may make any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including without limitation, changes to the determination 
dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, the introduction or modification of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates, the application of a mathematical 
formula to the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark and other administrative matters) that 
the Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the change of Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with the prevailing market practice 
(or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for use 
of the new Reference Rate exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary) and/or in order to adapt solutions provided by the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
and the ISDA Matrix that are designed for the OTC transactions to the context of the Notes. 
These conforming changes shall be binding upon the Noteholders.
4.2.3.7 Definitions
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Benchmark that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) the Fiduciary to the Noteholders or (b) the 
Noteholders to the Fiduciary, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark with the Replacement Benchmark.

--- Page 197 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
197
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of 
economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement 
Benchmark by comparison to the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark. The Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology.
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, for a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark or 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that 
either the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted 
under any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark  
to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes.
Reference Rate means any index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any amount 
payable under the Floating Rate Notes or Reference Rate Linked Notes is determined and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. To the extent that any index, benchmark or price source 
referred to in the Priority Fallback or a Replacement Reference Rate applies in respect of a 
Series, it shall be a “Reference Rate” for that Series from the day on which it first applies.
Index Event means:
(i) an Index Cessation Event; 
(ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or
(iii) an Underlying Benchmark or a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter 
derivatives transactions which reference such Underlying Benchmark or Reference Rate, the 
subject of any market-wide development (which may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) 
pursuant to which such Underlying Benchmark or Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the 
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established 
in order to comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper titled 
“Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014.
Index Cessation Event means, for a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events:
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate or 
the Underlying Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will continue 
to provide the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark; 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, the central bank for the currency 
of the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference 
Rate or Underlying Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate or the Underlying 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark;
(iii) in respect of a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, a public statement or 
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Reference 
Rate or Underlying Benchmark announcing that (a) the regulatory supervisor has determined 
that such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness

--- Page 198 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
198
will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement or publication 
will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements 
by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; or 
(iv) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate or the Underlying 
Benchmark) in relation to which a Priority Fallback is specified. 
If, for a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would 
otherwise constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes an Index 
Cessation Event or (ii) an Index Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute an Index Cessation 
Event and will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark: 
(i)
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is 
denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark or the administrator of the Reference 
Rate or Underlying Benchmark; or 
(ii)
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is denominated, (B) 
any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark or the administrator of the Reference Rate or the 
Underlying Benchmark, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Relevant Screen Page means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, or (i) any 
successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that has been 
officially designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not 
officially designated a successor display page, other published source, information vendor or 
provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, information 
vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different 
from the sponsor). 
Replacement Benchmark means, in respect of a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be an index, 
benchmark or other price source (which may be formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by (A) any Relevant Nominating Body or (B) the administrator or sponsor of the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark to replace the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard replacement 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a 
member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA) or that the Calculation Agent determines to be  a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark.
4.2.4
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier and/or Leverage Factor
Subject to the provisions of General Condition 4.2.3.1:
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 4.2.4 is less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate(s) of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest.

--- Page 199 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
199
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate(s) of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 4.2.4 is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest.
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the rate multiplier (the Rate Multiplier) is "n/N" or 
"nb/Nb" for any Interest Period, then the Rate(s) of Interest in respect of any such Interest 
Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, subject always to the Minimum Rate 
of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above.
For the purposes of this General Condition:
Administrator means for a Floating Rate Option, the administrator of such Floating Rate Option as 
specified in the ISDA Matrix. 
Benchmark Rate means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition of “n”) or, as 
applicable, Business Day (in respect of the definition of "nb”) of the relevant Interest Period:
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is Reference Rate 
USD-LIBOR, the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "USD-LIBOR" (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is Reference Rate 
GBP-LIBOR, the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "GBP-LIBOR" (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is Reference Rate 
EUR-EURIBOR, the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "EUR-EURIBOR" 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated Maturity as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on any 
Benchmark Day, such rate is not published by the Administrator or an authorised distributor 
and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator.
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is Reference Rate 
EUR-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting 
as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "EUR- EURIBOR 
Swap Rate-11:00" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (without Reference to any Reset Date). 
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is Reference Rate 
USD-CMS, the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "USD-LIBOR- ICE Swap Rate

--- Page 200 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
200
11:00" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated Maturity as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (without Reference to any Reset Date). 
If on any Benchmark Day, any of these rates is not published by the Administrator or an authorized 
distributor and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator or if an Index Event has occured in 
respect of such rate, it will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with 
the provisions of the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback or the Permanent Cessation Fallback or 
Administrator/Benchmark Fallback as the case may be, applying to such Floating Rate Option in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix for a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date) provided that if the applicable fallback 
provision is Generic Fallback Provisions then the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
of the Notes pursuant to the provisions of 4.2.3.5.2 (x)(2) above. 
For the purposes hereof, (i) the value of the Benchmark on any calendar day of the relevant Interest 
Period which is not a Benchmark Day shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the Benchmark 
on the first preceding Benchmark Day and (ii) the value of the Benchmark on each of the last four 
TARGET2 Business Days of any Interest Period shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the 
Benchmark on the fifth TARGET2 Business Day (or the Benchmark Day immediately preceding such 
fifth TARGET2 Business Day if such fifth TARGET2 Business Day is not a Benchmark Day) 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period.
Benchmark Day means, if the relevant Benchmark is:
-
USD-LIBOR or GBP-LIBOR, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and deposit in USD) in London;
-
EUR-EURIBOR or EUR-EURIBOR- Swap Rate 11:00, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the TARGET2 System is operating; and
-
USD-LIBOR- ICE Swap Rate 11:00, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks 
are open for business in New York.
Leverage Factor means a number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Lower Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
n means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent.
nb means the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent.
N means the total number of calendar days within the relevant Interest Period.
Nb means the total number of Business Days within the relevant Interest Period.
Upper Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
4.2.5
Determination of Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount in respect of Floating Rate Notes
The Calculation Agent will as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate(s) of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate(s) of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating Rate Notes in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such

--- Page 201 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
201
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
(defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
Floating Rate Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day 
Count Fraction as interest payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by 
applying the Rate(s) of Interest to the Specified Denomination, as detailed in the applicable Final 
Terms.
4.2.6
Provisions specific to SHIBOR rate
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, by 
China Foreign Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the authorisation 
of the People’s Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each business day, including 8 
critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate for the corresponding 
period.
If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch on the 
following basis: 
(i)
if, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date, a relevant 
SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that rate; 
and for the purposes of these General Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR in 
a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Period; and
(ii)
if for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the business day immediately 
preceding that Interest Determination Date shall be applied in place thereof.
4.3
Structured Interest Note Provisions
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Structured Interest Note Provisions" are "Applicable", 
this General Condition 4.3 applies.
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of the Interest Amount 
and must be read in conjunction with this General Condition 4.3 for full information on the manner in 
which interest is calculated on Structured Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
the Interest Commencement Date, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Structured Interest Amount(s), 
the Business Day Convention and, if applicable, the relevant Day Count Fraction.
4.3.1
Structured Interest Amount(s)
The Structured Interest Amount payable in respect of the Structured Notes shall be determined as 
follows:
Structured Interest Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the Product Formula described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Formula corresponding to the Reference of the Product 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purpose of this General Condition Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall 
have the meaning given to them, respectively, in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae.
4.3.2
Calculation of Interest Amount in respect of Structured Notes
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Interest Amount 
is to be calculated, calculate the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation 
Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period as

--- Page 202 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
202
soon as practicable after calculating the same (but in no event later than the first Business Day after 
such calculation).
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Structured Notes in respect 
of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated in accordance with the Product Formula as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
Structured Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day 
Count Fraction as interest payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by 
applying the Structured Interest Amount to the Specified Denomination, as detailed in the applicable 
Final Terms.
4.4
Zero Coupon Notes
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Zero Coupon Note Provisions" are "Applicable", this 
General Condition 4.4 applies. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield), the reference price (the 
Reference Price) and the Day Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment (pursuant to General Conditions 6.1.8 and 6.2.1).
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and repayable (the Amortised Face Amount) shall be an amount equal to the sum of:
A.
the Reference Price; and
B.
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.
and notified in accordance with General Condition 12, mutatis mutandis.
4.5
Partly Paid Notes
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes.
4.6
Accrual of Interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if applicable) from the due date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
(or, in the case of any Physical Delivery Note, transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the 
Physical Delivery Amount) is improperly withheld or refused (provided that, in the case of any 
Physical Delivery Amount, transfer shall not be deemed to have been improperly withheld or refused 
where such transfer is delayed by reason of circumstances beyond the control of the Fiduciary or any 
of its Agents). In such event, interest will continue to be calculated and to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of:
(1)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and
(2)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12.

--- Page 203 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
203
4.7
Certain provisions relating to the calculation of interest
4.7.1
Business Day Convention
If (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or if (y) any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date(s) (or other date(s)) shall be the day determined by using 
a Business Day Convention in accordance with the provisions of General Conditions 4.7.1.1, 4.7.1.2, 
4.7.1.3 or 4.7.1.4 below.
Business Day Convention means a business day convention which may be either Floating Rate 
Convention, Following Business Day Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention or 
Preceding Business Day Convention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions:
Business Centre(s) means the business centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Business Day means a day which is both:
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in any Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than 
any Business Centre(s) and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be 
Sydney, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if the Specified 
Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (y) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
TARGET2 Business Day).
TARGET2 Business Day means a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System.
4.7.1.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Business Day Convention" is 
"Floating Rate Convention", in any case where Specified Periods are specified in 
accordance with General Condition 4.2.1(2), then such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case 
of General Condition 4.7.1(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of General Condition 4.7.1.2 below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (b) in the case of 4.7.1(y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or
4.7.1.2 if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Business Day Convention" is 
Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
4.7.1.3 if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Business Day Convention" is 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 204 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
204
4.7.1.4 if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Business Day Convention" is 
Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
4.7.1.5 Notwithstanding the provisions of General Conditions 4.7.1.1, 4.7.1.2, 4.7.1.3 or 4.1.7.4 
above, where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day 
Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any 
date shall not be affected by the application of such Business Day Convention.
4.7.2
Day Count Fraction
Day Count Fraction means, if specified as being “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of the calculation of an Interest Amount for any Interest Period, each of the following day 
count fractions (provided that the Day Count Fraction applicable to Floating Rate Notes denominated 
in euro shall be Actual/360):
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is 
"Actual/Actual (ICMA)":
(a)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Determination 
Dates and each a Determination Date) that would occur in one calendar year; or
(b)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(i)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(ii)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year;
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is "30/360 
convention" and the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is 
"Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual", the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365);
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is "Actual/365 
(Fixed)", the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is "Actual/365 
(Sterling)", the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of 
an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 205 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
205
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is "Actual/360", 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360;
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is "30/360 
convention, 360/360 convention" or "Bond Basis" and the Notes are variable rate Notes, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction =  









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is "30E/360 
convention" or "Eurobond Basis", the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =   









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 206 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
206
-
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the applicable "Day Count Fraction" is 30E/360 
(ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =  









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
4.7.3
Other definitions relating to the calculation of interest
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date).
Interest Commencement Date means the date from which a Note accrues interest (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). If no Interest Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issue Date shall be deemed to be the Interest Commencement Date.
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date or such other period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Interest Rate(i-1) means, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period.
Issue Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. On the Issue Date, the 
relevant clearing systems debit and credit accounts in accordance with instructions received by them.
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent.
4.8
Rounding generally
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these General Terms and Conditions, such 
amounts will, if necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as defined above) of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards.

--- Page 207 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
207
4.9
Notification of Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent will cause, as the case may be, the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount or 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if Secured Notes) and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes or Structured 
Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with General 
Condition 12 as soon as possible after the calculation or determination thereof (provided that, in the 
case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such determination or 
calculation, as soon as practicable on or after such date).
4.10
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this General Condition 4, 
by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven 
error) be binding on the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor, the Noteholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.
5.
PAYMENTS AND DELIVERIES
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions:
References to payment or repayment (as the case may be) of principal and/or interest and other 
similar expressions will, where the context so admits, be deemed also to refer to delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) with respect to any Physical Delivery Amount(s).
For the purposes of this General Condition:
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of euro, 
in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET2 System.
5.1
Method of Payment
Subject as provided below and, in the case of Physical Delivery Notes or Registered Notes, subject 
also as provided in the applicable Final Terms:
(1)
payments in a Specified Currency (other than euro or Renminbi) will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, 
at the option of the payee, except in the case of Registered Notes, by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney 
and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal);
(2)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee;
(3)
payments in Renminbi shall be made solely by credit to a Renminbi bank account maintained 
at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines 
issued from time to time;
(4)
in the case of Physical Delivery Notes and subject to General Condition 5.14:
(i)  transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount will be effected by 
the Delivery (a) to, or to the order of, the Noteholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s), (b) 
to, or to the order of, the Noteholder at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in such manner as

--- Page 208 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
208
may be specified in the transfer notice (the Transfer Notice, the form of which is annexed 
to the Agency Agreement) and subject to compliance with applicable securities laws; and
(ii)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement" is 
"Applicable", payment will be made pursuant to the provisions of General Condition 5.14.2 
or where a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred, pursuant to the provisions of General 
Condition 5.14.5.  
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions:
Deliver means, in respect of any underlying asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, where the 
applicable underlying assets is a guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), assign or sell, as 
appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the applicable underlying assets (which 
shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order 
to convey all right, title and interest in the underlying asset free and clear of any and all liens, charges, 
claims or encumbrances (including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an 
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence) or right of set off by or of the obligor with respect to the underlying 
asset); provided that where the underlying asset is a Loan Participation, Deliver means to create (or 
procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Noteholder and, where the underlying asset is 
a guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both the guarantee and the underlying obligation to which 
such guarantee relates. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. In the case of a loan 
(being any obligation that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement), Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the 
form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such loan at that 
time.
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence means, in respect of any underlying asset, any defence based 
upon (a) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor with respect to the 
underlying asset to enter into the underlying asset or, where the underlying asset is a guarantee, any 
lack of or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor in respect of the guarantee and/or 
the obligor in respect of the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates, (b) any actual or 
alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any underlying asset or, 
where the underlying asset is a guarantee, the guarantee and/or the underlying obligation to which 
such guarantee relates, however described, (c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or (d) the 
imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described.
Loan Participation means a loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the 
Fiduciary is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of the 
relevant Noteholder that provides the Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for a 
specified share in any payments due under the relevant loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between the Noteholder and the Fiduciary (to the extent 
the Fiduciary is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate).
5.2
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note (other than a Permanent Global SIS Note) shall be the only person 
entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the payment 
obligations of the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes), will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream (or Monte Titoli, in 
case of Bearer Certificates) as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream as the case may be (or 
Monte Titoli, in case of Bearer Certificates), for his share of each payment so made by the Fiduciary 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes) to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a physical 
delivery). No person other than the holder of such Global Note shall have any claim against the

--- Page 209 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
209
Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes) in respect of any 
payments due on that Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollars payments in respect of Bearer Notes (if any) will be made 
at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)) if:
(1)
the Fiduciary and the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes) have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount of any relevant payment on the Bearer Notes in 
the manner provided above when due;
(2)
payment of the full amount relevant amount at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
the full payment or receipt of any relevant amount in U.S. dollars; and
(3)
such payment is then permitted under United States laws without involving, in the opinion of 
the Fiduciary and the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes), adverse tax consequences for 
the Fiduciary or the Guarantor.
No payments may be made to accounts located in the United States or, in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes, no certificates, instruments or underlying assets may be mailed or sent to addresses 
in the United States.
5.3
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will be made (subject as provided below) 
in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of such Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments 
of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will be made (subject as provided below) as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). Payments under General Condition 5.1 made, at 
the option of the bearer of such Note, Receipt or Coupon, by cheque shall be mailed or delivered to 
an address outside the United States furnished by such bearer. Subject to any applicable laws and 
regulations, such payments made by credit or transfer will be made in immediately available funds to 
an account maintained by the payee with a bank located outside the United States. Subject as 
provided below, no payment in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon will be made 
upon presentation of such Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon at any office or agency of the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes) or any Paying Agent in the United States, nor 
will any such payment be made by credit or transfer to an account, or by mail to an address, in the 
United States.
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will be made (subject as provided below) in the manner provided in General Condition 
5.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented 
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid 
obligations of the Fiduciary or, if applicable, the Guarantor. Upon the date on which any Definitive 
Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 210 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
210
Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes (other than Dual 
Currency Notes, Structured Notes or Physical Delivery Notes) should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose 
include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 8) in respect 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under General 
Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note, Structured Note or Physical 
Delivery Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or a Definitive Registered Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. Where any Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note, Structured Note or Physical 
Delivery Note which is settled by way of cash is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Note shall be made 
only against the provision of such indemnity as the Fiduciary and the Guarantor may decide.
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant Definitive Bearer Note.
5.4
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes
Payments in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Notes will be made (subject as 
provided below) , for Definitive Bearer Notes, in the manner specified above, or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Notes against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Bearer Global Notes at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States. A record will be made of each payment made, distinguishing, if relevant, between any 
paymenteither on such Bearer Global Notes by the relevant Paying Agent or in the records of 
Euroclear orClearstream (as applicable) which such clearing systems shall also record each related 
payment to holders of interests in the relevant Bearer Global Notes.
With reference to Italian Certificates, the payments in respect of Italian Certificates represented by 
any Bearer Global Certificates will be made (subject as provided below) in the manner specified 
above in relation to Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Bearer Global Certificates against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer 
Global Certificates at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record will 
be made of each payment made, distinguishing, if relevant, between any payment either on such 
Bearer Global Certificates by the relevant Paying Agent or in the records of Monte Titoli (as 
applicable) which such clearing system shall also record each related payment to holders of interests 
in the relevant Bearer Global Certificates.
5.5
Payments in respect of Registered Notes
Payments of principal (on final instalment) or interest due on redemption in respect of each 
Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the 
Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this

--- Page 211 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
211
purpose a day on which the relevant clearing system in which the Notes are held is open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the 
previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of 
the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on 
a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the 
account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, 
if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is 
Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal); and in the case of a payment in a Specified Currency which is 
(i) euro, any bank which processes payments in euro, or (ii) Renminbi, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of Hong Kong.
Payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and payments of instalments of principal 
(other than the final instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located 
immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which the relevant clearing system in which the Notes are held is 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant 
due date (the Record Date) at such holder’s address shown in the Register on the Record Date and 
at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three 
business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for 
any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on 
the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer 
shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) 
and instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which 
become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is 
notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. 
Noteholders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this General Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of 
any payments due under Registered Notes.
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or the Paying Agents will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests.
5.6
Payments on SIS Notes
Notwithstanding any other provision in this General Condition, in the case of SIS Notes, the relevant 
Swiss Paying Agency Agreement shall supplement and modify the Agency Agreement for the 
purposes of the relevant Notes, including providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent that will perform certain duties including, inter alia, those which relate to Swiss capital market 
customs and payment instructions.
The Fiduciary shall make all payments due under SIS Notes to the Principal Swiss Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the General Terms and Conditions. 
Payments in respect of any SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs shall be made in freely 
disposable Swiss Francs, and in the case of SIS Notes denominated in a currency other than Swiss 
Francs in such other currency, which shall also be freely disposable, without collection of costs and 
whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the nationality, domicile or residence of the holder 
of any SIS Notes and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any other

--- Page 212 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
212
formality. The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of such 
funds in Switzerland shall discharge the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Permanent Global SIS Note 
or the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, Receipts and Coupons, if printed,  as the case may be, with 
respect to the payment of, as the case may be, principal, interest, costs and additional amounts on 
the Notes and the paying agency fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received.
5.7
Payment of Additional amount(s) in respect of Italian Certificates
In respect of Italian Certificates, when the applicable Final Terms specify that "Additional Amount 
Provisions for Italian Certificates" is applicable, this General Condition applies. 
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of additional amount 
(the Additional Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this General Condition for full 
information on the manner on which such amount is calculated on Italian Certificates. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Additional Amount(s), the Additional Amount 
Payment Date(s) and the Business Day Convention.
For the purposes of this General Condition:
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Italian Certificate bears Additional Amount(s), and 
such Additional Amount(s) will be payable on the Additional Amount Payment Date(s); provided that 
(x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Additional Amount 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Additional Amount Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
A.
Following Business Day Convention, such Additional Amount Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
B.
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Additional Amount Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Additional Amount Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
C.
Preceding Business Day Convention, such Additional Amount Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, 
and the expression Additional Amount Payment Date shall be construed accordingly.
In this General Condition, Business Day has the same meaning given to it in General Condition 4.
General Conditions 4.6 and 4.7 are deemed applicable to this General Condition.
5.8
Payments subject to tax and other laws
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other laws, regulations and directives 
in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Fiduciary or its Paying Agents) 
and the Fiduciary will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
such laws, regulations, directives or agreements but without prejudice to the provisions of General 
Condition 7, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code. 
No commission or expense shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments but, for 
the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the provisions 
specific to the occurrence of an Increased Cost of Hedging, as provided for in each relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 213 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
213
5.9
Payment Business Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day, the 
Noteholder thereof shall instead be entitled to payment:
(i)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is stated as 
being Following Payment Business Day, on the next following Payment Business Day in 
the relevant place; or
(ii)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is stated as 
being Modified Following Payment Business Day, on the next following Payment 
Business Day in the relevant place, unless the date for payment would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date for payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Business Day in the relevant place,
provided that if neither "Following Payment Business Day" nor "Modified Following Payment 
Business Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Following Payment Business Day" shall 
be deemed to apply. In the event that any adjustment is made to the date for payment in accordance 
with this General Condition, the relevant amount due in respect of any Note shall not be affected by 
any such adjustment.
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions:
Payment Business Day means any day which is:
(1)
subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits);
(2)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation;
(3)
each financial centre(s) (the Financial Centre(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and
(4)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is 
Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong 
Kong) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open.
5.10
Interpretation of "Principal" and "Interest"
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include:
(1)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) of the Notes;
(2)
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) of the Notes;
(3)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(4)
the Early Redemption Amount(s) of the Notes; 
(5)
the Instalment Amount(s), in relation to Instalment Notes;

--- Page 214 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
214
(6)
the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in General Condition 4.4) in relation to Zero Coupon 
Notes; 
(7)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under General 
Condition 6; and
(8)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Fiduciary under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under General Conditions 4 and 6.
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "interest accrued" or "accrued interest" shall 
be deemed to include any arrears of interest suspended as provided in General Condition 4.6.
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "principal" and/or "interest" and/or  "Physical 
Delivery Amount(s)", in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, shall mean such amount less any 
expenses, fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not limited to, any taxes or duties 
arising from the delivery or transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in respect of such Physical 
Delivery Amount(s).
5.11
Currency Unavailability
This General Condition shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Note in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Currency is not available to the Fiduciary or the Guarantor (as 
applicable) due to the imposition of exchange controls, the Specified Currency’s replacement or 
disuse or other circumstances beyond the control of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor (as applicable) 
(Currency Unavailability).
In the event of Currency Unavailability, the Fiduciary or the Guarantor (as applicable) will be entitled 
to satisfy its obligations to the Noteholder by making payment in euro or U.S. dollars on the basis of 
the spot exchange rate at which the Specified Currency is offered in exchange for euro or U.S. dollars 
(as applicable) in an appropriate inter-bank market at noon, Paris time, four Business Days prior to 
the date on which payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate is not available on that date, as of 
the most recent prior practicable date. Any payment made in euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in 
accordance with this General Condition will not constitute a Fiduciary Event.
This General Condition shall not apply to Preference Share Linked Notes or Warrant Linked Notes.
5.12
Provisions specific to Renminbi Currency Event
If Renminbi Currency Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a Renminbi Currency 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note, the Fiduciary may determine one or more of the following, and require the Calculation 
Agent to take such action or make such determination accordingly:
(a)
the relevant payment of the Fiduciary be postponed to 10 Business Days after the date on 
which the Renminbi Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as 
determined by the Fiduciary acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter; 
(b)
that the Fiduciary’s obligation to make a payment in Renminbi under the terms of the Notes 
be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the 
Alternate Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time selected in good 
faith by the Calculation Agent); and
(c)
the Fiduciary, in its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 215 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
215
Upon the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency Event, the Fiduciary shall give notice, as soon as 
practicable, to the Noteholders in accordance with the General Condition 12 stating the occurrence 
of the Renminbi Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto.
For the purpose of this General Condition:
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot rate between Renminbi and the Relevant Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information which the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing information obtained from 
the Renminbi non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the Renminbi exchange market inside 
the PRC).
Renminbi Currency Events means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-Transferability 
and Renminbi Inconvertibility.
Renminbi Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
as a result of which the Fiduciary and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order 
to make a payment or perform any other of its obligations under the Notes, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
Renminbi Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Fiduciary and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from 
Renminbi as may be required to be paid by the Fiduciary under the Notes on any payment date or 
such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
at the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, 
impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of that party to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Fiduciary and/or any 
of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Fiduciary or the relevant affiliate, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation).
Renminbi Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Fiduciary and/or any of its affiliates to deliver Renminbi between 
accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the 
Fiduciary and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the Fiduciary and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
Fiduciary and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong.
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollar, Hong Kong Dollar or such other currency as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
5.13
Provisions specific to Dual Currency Notes
Amounts payable in respect of payment of principal and/or interest, if any, in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by converting the relevant amounts in the 
relevant Specified Currency into the Settlement Currency at the relevant fixing of Dual Currency 
Exchange Rate.
The method of determining the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and may be one of the following methods:

--- Page 216 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
216
-
if "Predetermined" is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item "Method of 
calculating the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate", the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Predetermined Fixing as the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate to convert the relevant 
amount(s);
-
if "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item "Method 
of calculating the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate", the fixing of the Dual Currency 
Exchange Rate will be the relevant exchange rate fixing specified on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual Currency Valuation Date;
-
if "Calculation Agent Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item 
"Method of calculating the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate", the fixing of the Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such 
sources it deems appropriate, as it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual Currency Valuation Date.
Notwithstanding any of the above, upon a Dual Currency Disruption Event occurring or continuing on 
any Dual Currency Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
shall 
(a)
determine that the Dual Currency Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Dual Currency 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Dual Currency Disrupted Day unless each of the eight 
Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the scheduled Dual Currency 
Valuation Date is also a Dual Currency Disrupted Day. In that case that eighth Dual Currency 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Dual Currency Valuation Date 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Dual Currency Disrupted Day, and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate as of the Dual Currency Valuation Time on that eighth Dual Currency Scheduled 
Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the fixing so calculated shall be deemed the fixing 
of Dual Currency Exchange Rate; and/or
(b)
postpone any payment date related to such Dual Currency Valuation Date (including, if 
applicable, the Maturity Date) until the fourth Business Day following the date on which a 
Dual Currency Disruption Event is no longer subsisting, or the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (a) above, as the case may be. No interest or other 
amount shall be paid by the Fiduciary in respect of such postponement.
provided however that 
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System.
For the purpose of this General Condition:
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Settlement Currency means the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Settlement Currency may vary depending 
on the occurrence of different scenarios described in the applicable Final Terms.
Dual Currency Disrupted Day means any Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Dual Currency Disruption Event has occurred.
Dual Currency Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (A) a Price Source 
Disruption, (B) an Illiquidity Disruption, (C) a Dual Exchange Rate or (D) any other event that, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (A), (B) or (C). For the purpose hereof:

--- Page 217 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
217
A.
Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from 
which the Dual Currency Exchange Rate is calculated;
B.
Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of the Specified 
Currency and/or Settlement Currency whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation 
Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the 
Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on 
any Dual Currency Valuation Date; and
C.
Dual Exchange Rate means that the Dual Currency Exchange Rate splits into dual or 
multiple foreign exchange rates.
Dual Currency Exchange Rate means an exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) 
and specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate 
expressed as X/Y means the number of units (or part units) of Y for which one unit of X can be 
exchanged.
Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but 
for the occurrence of a Dual Currency Disruption Event would have been open) for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign 
exchange market) in the principal financial centres of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate.
5.14
Physical Delivery Notes
In case the type of Notes specified in the Final Terms is Secured Notes and if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the "Physical Delivery Notes Provisions" are "Applicable", this General Condition 
applies.
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Deliverable Asset(s), the Physical Delivery 
Amount, the provisions governing whether transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash sum 
will apply, Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement and the method of transfer of Deliverable 
Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount.
For the purposes of this Condition:
Deliverable Asset(s) means the deliverable asset(s) which may be either:
(i)
the Underlying(s) of the Notes specified under the clause "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final 
Terms, which may be any Underlying as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes, 
(ii)
if different from the Underlying(s) of the Notes, a share, an American or global depositary receipt, 
and/or an exchange traded fund and/or a fund and/or an exchange-traded product, and/or a 
preference share, and/or a warrant, and/or a future, and/or any other asset specified under the 
paragraph "Deliverable Asset(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, in such case the provisions of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying(s) shall apply, or 
(iii) in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Specified Deliverable Obligation(s) subject to the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.
However,
(a)
no share in Societe Generale or the Group will be deliverable. If a Share in Societe Generale 
or the Group should be delivered, such share will be replaced by, in due proportion, an 
equivalent amount in cash; and
(b)
no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund which is a hedge fund will be delivered to 
retail investors.

--- Page 218 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
218
Physical Delivery Amount means an amount determined and calculated in the manner described 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "Physical Delivery Amount(s)", shall mean 
such amount less any expenses, fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not limited 
to, any taxes or duties arising from the delivery or transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in 
respect of such Physical Delivery Amount(s).
5.14.1 
Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery Amount
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Note is by way of physical delivery, the delivery of any 
Physical Delivery Amount in respect of Physical Delivery Notes (including, without limitation, liability 
for the costs of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s)) will be made through Clearstream or Euroclear or 
other relevant Clearing System.
The Deliverable Asset(s) will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in such manner as 
may be specified in the transfer notice pursuant to which such Deliverable Assets are delivered (the 
Transfer Notice), the form of which is annexed to the Agency Agreement) and, notwithstanding 
General Condition 2, no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Noteholder where any 
Deliverable Asset(s) is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances beyond the control of the 
Fiduciary. The Transfer Notice will be delivered using the transfer procedures currently utilised by the 
relevant Clearing System.
A Noteholder’s entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount will be evidenced:
(i)
by the Noteholder’s account balance appearing on the records of the relevant Clearing System, 
(ii)
in the case of Credit Linked Notes, by the account balances appearing in the records of the 
relevant relevant Clearing System or, if necessary, the number of Notes held by each 
Noteholder as notified to the Principal Paying Agent by the relevant Clearing System, and
(iii)
in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, by the entries maintained at the relevant time on 
the Register maintained by the Registrar.
When Notes are held in a Clearing System, to the extent that a beneficial Noteholder holds such 
Notes through a custodian, the Fiduciary may in its discretion (and subject to obtaining such proof, 
evidence and/or indemnity arrangements as it deems appropriate) take account of such custodial 
arrangements when determining where to deliver Deliverable Asset(s) which form the Physical 
Delivery Amount.
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets will only be made in compliance with applicable securities laws.
5.14.2 
Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement
When the applicable Final Terms specify that "Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement" is 
"Applicable", the Fiduciary may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect to pay or cause to be paid 
to the Noteholders the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date in lieu of its obligation to deliver 
or procure delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. Notification of any such election will be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12.
5.14.3 
No obligations in relation to underlying asset
Except as expressly provided, the purchase of Notes does not confer on any Noteholder any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attached to any Underlying.
The Fiduciary shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Noteholder or 
any other person as the registered holder in respect of any relevant asset(s) comprised in any 
Physical Delivery Amount in any relevant register.

--- Page 219 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
219
For such period of time after the Maturity Date as the Fiduciary or any person on behalf of the 
Fiduciary shall continue to be the legal owner of any asset(s) comprised in any assets comprising the 
Physical Delivery Amount (or equivalent amounts in circumstances where the Notes are subject to 
early redemption, purchase or cancellation) (the Intervening Period), neither the Fiduciary nor any 
other such person shall (a) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant 
Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such asset(s) or any other person any letter, 
certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by that person in 
its capacity as the holder of such asset(s), (b) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise 
of any or all rights (including any voting rights) attaching to such asset(s) during the Intervening Period 
or (c) be under any liability to the relevant Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such 
asset(s) or any other person in respect of any loss or damage which the relevant Noteholder or 
subsequent beneficial owner or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly 
or indirectly, of the Fiduciary or any other such person being the legal owner of such asset(s) during 
such Intervening Period. 
5.14.4 Settlement Disruption Event
If a Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount on the 
Maturity Date, then such delivery shall occur on the first succeeding day on which delivery of the 
Physical Delivery Amount can take place through the relevant Clearing System (the Actual 
Settlement Date) unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery for a period of 20 Clearing 
System Days immediately following the original date that would have been the Actual Settlement 
Date (the Delivery Period). In that latter case, the Fiduciary shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical 
Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Note, the fair market value of the number of Deliverable 
Asset(s) to be delivered (the Fair Market Value) converted into the Specified Currency at the current 
exchange rate, if applicable.
The Fair Market Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the market 
conditions on the first Business Day following the Delivery Period:
(a)
if a dividend is paid in respect of the Deliverable Asset(s) from and including the Valuation 
Date to and, as the case may be, (a) excluding the Delivery Date or (b) including, in the event 
of a Settlement Disruption Event, the date on which the Fair Market Value is calculated, then, 
the net dividend amount relating to the number of Deliverable Asset(s) to be delivered per 
Note (excluding any related tax credit) converted into the Specified Currency at the current 
exchange rate, if applicable, will be paid in cash to the Noteholders as soon as practicable; 
and
(b)
all stamp duties, or other similar taxes and/or duties, in respect of physical delivery of 
Deliverable Asset(s) shall be borne by the Noteholders,
provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, upon the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, the Fiduciary shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each 
Note, the Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligations (as defined in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) to be delivered converted into the Specified Currency 
at the current exchange rate, if applicable.
For the purpose of this General Condition:
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on which such Clearing 
System is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions.
Delivery Date means, as the case may be, (a) the Maturity Date or (b) in the event of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, the Actual Settlement Date (as defined above).
Settlement Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Fiduciary as a result of 
which the relevant Clearing System cannot clear the transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount.
6.
REDEMPTION

--- Page 220 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
220
6.1
Redemption under normal conditions – No Special Event
6.1.1
Final Redemption Amount
This General Condition applies for Notes that are not Italian Certificates.
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in the General Conditions 
below, each Note will be redeemed by the Fiduciary, on the Maturity Date, at a final redemption 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Final Redemption Amount).
The Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following options:
Option 1:
Final Redemption Amount = At par
Option 2:
Final Redemption Amount = a fixed amount per Specified Denomination or the Calculation Amount
Option 3:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if such percentage is different from 100% of the Specified Denomination).
Option 4:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the Product Formula described in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to the Reference of the 
Product specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of Physical Delivery Notes, such Notes will be redeemed by the transfer of the Deliverable 
Asset(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or determined in the manner specified in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, in the relevant Specified Currency or, if 
applicable, converted into the relevant Specified Currency, on the Maturity Date.
Provided that, in the case of (i) Non-exempt Offer Notes, (ii) a share in Societe Generale or the Group 
being specified as a Deliverable Asset in the applicable Final Terms, the part of the Physical Delivery 
Amount composed by shares in Societe Generale or the Group will be replaced in due proportion by 
an equivalent amount in cash calculated by the Calculation Agent and (iii) no Fund Unit in respect of 
any underlying fund which is hedge fund will be delivered to retail investors.
For the purposes of this General Condition:
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the meaning given to them respectively 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae.
In the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, the Final Redemption 
Amount(s) shall be equal to the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount, as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes, respectively.
6.1.2
Final Exercise Amount
This General Condition applies for Italian Certificates only.
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in the General Conditions 
below, each Italian Certificate will be redeemed by the Fiduciary, on the Final Exercise Date (as

--- Page 221 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
221
defined below), at a final exercise amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Final Exercise 
Amount).
The Final Exercise Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following paragraphs:
-
Final Exercise Amount = At par 
-
Final Exercise Amount = a fixed amount per Specified Denomination
-
Final Exercise Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by a percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if such percentage is different from 100% of the Specified 
Denomination)
-
Final Exercise Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by a Product Formula described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to the Reference 
of the Product specified in the paragraph "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final 
Terms
Provided that, for the purpose of Italian Certificates, any reference to "Final Redemption Amount" 
and "Maturity Date" in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae shall be deemed to 
be a reference to "Final Exercise Amount" and "Final Exercise Date", respectively.
The Final Exercise Amount shall be paid on the Final Payment Date, if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, otherwise on the Final Exercise Date.
For the purpose of this General Condition:
Final Exercise Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the automatic 
exercise (the Automatic Exercise) of the Italian Certificates occurs.
Final Payment Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Initial Closing Price means the amount equal to the Closing Price on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent and without regard to any 
subsequently published adjustment(s).
Italian Certificates means the certificates (i) to be sold in Italy, which expression shall include the 
Italian Certificates to be admitted to trading on SeDex, a multilateral trading facility organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or to be admitted to trading on EuroTLX, a multilateral trading 
facility organised and managed by EuroTLX Sim S.p.A. and (ii) for which the Final Exercise Amount 
could result in an amount lower than the applicable Specified Denomination.
Final Closing Price means the amount equal to the Closing Price on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent and without regard to any 
subsequently published amendment(s). 
Minimum Trading Lot means the minimum number of Italian Certificates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms that may be traded on any applicable regulated or unregulated markets, as determined 
by the relevant regulated or unregulated markets, if applicable.
Multiplier means, in respect of each Italian Certificate, the number of Underlying(s). 
Notice Date means 10:00 CET of the Exchange Business Day (as defined in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Notes) immediately following the Valuation Date, if not specified 
differently in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this General Condition, Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall 
have the meaning given to them respectively in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae.

--- Page 222 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
222
6.1.3
Optional early redemption
6.1.3.1 Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary" is "Applicable", 
the Notes are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Fiduciary.
The applicable Final Terms will specify the optional redemption amount (the Optional Redemption 
Amount) and the optional redemption date(s) (the Optional Redemption Date(s)) and the Notice 
Period (as defined below).
6.1.3.1.1
Optional Redemption Amount(s)
In the case of Notes other than Preference Share Linked Notes, Warrant Linked Notes and Zero 
Coupon Notes:
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be determined in accordance with one of the following 
paragraphs:
- 
Optional Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;
- 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined on the basis of the Final 
Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, calculated on the 
valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date;
-
If the Notes are Open-ended Notes or EU Allowance Notes (as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes), the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be the product of 
(i) Specified Denomination and (ii) the Product Formula of the Final Redemption 
Amount in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding 
to the Reference of the Product specified in paragraph “Reference of the Product” in 
the applicable Final Terms, but calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date;
-  
Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Market Value (as defined in 
General Condition 6.2.1 below);
and for each of the options above, if relevant and appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s).
In the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes:
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be equal to the amount defined in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes or Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant 
Linked Notes, as the case may be.
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes:
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be equal to the Amortised Face Amount per Calculation 
Amount as defined in General Condition 4.4
6.1.3.1.2
Redemption in part
If applicable Final Terms specify that "Redemption in part" is "Applicable", the applicable Final 
Terms will specify the Minimum Redemption Amount and the Maximum Redemption Amount (as 
defined below).
a.
Minimum Redemption Amount and Maximum Redemption Amount

--- Page 223 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
223
Any such partial redemption, at the option of the Fiduciary, must be equal to a 
nominal amount not less than the applicable Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the applicable Maximum Redemption Amount (each as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms).
b.
Method of Redemption
The Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, and in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). 
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with General 
Condition 12 not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date fixed for redemption. In 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, the selection will be 
reflected in the manner prescribed by Euroclear and/or Clearstream. No exchange 
of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) 
the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
General Condition and notice to that effect shall be given by the Fiduciary to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 at least five (5) days prior to 
the Selection Date.
6.1.3.1.3 Notice Period
The Fiduciary may, upon having given notice to the Noteholders, in accordance with General 
Condition 12, not less than 15 or more than 30 days’ notice, or any other notice period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the Notice Period), with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) at the Optional Redemption 
Amount.
In respect of any Note, any notice given by the Fiduciary pursuant to this General Condition shall be 
void and of no effect in relation to that Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the 
Fiduciary, the holder of such Note had already delivered a Put Notice in relation to that Note in 
accordance with General Condition 6.1.3.2.2.
6.1.3.2 Redemption at the option of the Noteholders
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" is 
"Applicable", the Notes are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the 
Noteholders.
The applicable Final Terms will specify the optional redemption amount(s) (the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s)), the optional redemption date(s) (the Optional Redemption Date(s)) and 
the Notice Period (as defined below).
6.1.3.2.1 Optional Redemption Amount(s)
In the case of Notes other than Preference Share Linked Notes, Warrant Linked Notes or Zero 
Coupon Notes:
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be determined in accordance with one of the following 
paragraphs:
-  Optional Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by a 
percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 224 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
224
-   Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined on the basis of the Final 
Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, calculated on the 
valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date;
-    If the Notes are Open-ended Notes or EU Allowance Notes (as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes), the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be the 
product of (a) Specified Denomination and (b) the Product Formula of the Final 
Redemption Amount in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in paragraph 
“Reference of the Product” in the applicable Final Terms, but calculated on the 
valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s);
-  
Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Market Value (as defined in 
General Condition 6.2.1 below);
and for each of the options above, if relevant and appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s).
In the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes:
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be equal to the amount defined in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes or Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant 
Linked Notes, as the case may be.
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes:
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be equal to the Amortised Face Amount per Calculation 
Amount, as defined in Condition  4.4  above.
6.1.3.2.2 Notice Period
A Noteholder shall have the option to require that a Note be subject to Redemption at the option of 
the Noteholder upon such Noteholder giving notice to the Fiduciary, in accordance with General 
Condition 12, not less than 15 or more than 30 days’ notice or any other notice period (the Notice 
Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The Fiduciary will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. It may be that before an 
option to require that a Note be subject to Redemption at the option of the Noteholder, certain 
conditions and/or circumstances, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will need to be satisfied. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note, the Noteholder must within the Notice Period 
deliver a duly completed and signed notice (a Put Notice):
(i)       if the Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar, to the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered 
Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in 
respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance 
with the provisions of General Condition 12. If this Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice 
must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to the order or under its control, 
or

--- Page 225 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
225
(ii)      if the Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream (Clearing System), to the Pincipal Paying Agent in accordance with the 
standard procedures of the relevant Clearing System (which may include notice being given 
on his instruction by the Clearing System or any common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to the relevant Clearing System from time to time.
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this General Condition shall be:
(1)
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption a Collateral Liquidation Event 
has occurred and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice 
to the Fiduciary to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this General Condition and instead 
to declare such Note forthwith due and payable by delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice 
in accordance with “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”; and
(2)
void and of no effect in relation to such Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such Put 
Notice by the relevant holder (A) such Note constituted a Redeemed Note (as defined in 
General Condition 6.1.3.1.2 above), or (B) the Fiduciary had notified the Noteholders of its 
intention to redeem all of the Notes of a Series then outstanding, in each case pursuant to 
General Condition 6.1.3.1 above.
6.1.3.3 Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount switch at the option of the Fiduciary
For the purposes of this General Condition :
•
Any reference to "Interest Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, the Floating Coupon Amount and/or the Structured Interest Amount (each defined 
above) as the context requires.
•
Any reference to "Redemption Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or the Optional 
Redemption Amount (each as defined above) as the context requires.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount switch at 
the option of the Fiduciary" is "Applicable", and if the market value of the Note is higher than or equal 
to a predefined market value (the Market Value for the Switch), the Fiduciary shall then have the 
right (i) to add any Interest Amount or (ii) to replace any Interest and/or Redemption Amount by the 
other Amounts, described here below.
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Market Value for the Switch, the substitute coupon 
amount (the Substitute Coupon Amount) and the substitute coupon additional amount (the 
Additional Substitute Coupon Amount) if "Substitute Coupon Amount" is "Applicable"and/or the 
substitute final redemption amount (the Substitute Final Redemption Amount) if "Substitute Final 
Redemption" is “Applicable” and the optional modification date(s) (the Optional Modification 
Date(s)) and the Notice Period (as defined below).
Substitute Coupon Amount means an amount determined in accordance with General Condition 
4.1 related to Fixed Rate Notes or with General Condition 4.2 related to Floating Rate Notes.
Additional Substitute Coupon Amount means an amount determined in accordance with General 
Condition 4.1 related to Fixed Rate Notes or with General Condition 4.2 related to Floating Rates 
Notes. 
Substitute Final Redemption Amount means an amount determined in accordance with the 
following provisions:
Substitute Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 226 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
226
The Fiduciary may, after having given notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with General 
Condition 12) pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for the switch), substitute the 
Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount by other Amounts. 
Any Notice given by the Fiduciary pursuant to this General Condition shall be void and of no effect in 
relation to such Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such Notice by the Fiduciary, the 
Noteholder had already delivered a Put Notice in relation to the Note in accordance with General 
Condition 6.1.3.2.
6.1.4
Automatic Early Redemption 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Automatic Early Redemption" is "Applicable", the Notes 
are subject to automatic redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the automatic early redemption 
amount(s) (Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s)) on the automatic early redemption date(s) 
(Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)) and following the automatic early redemption event 
(Automatic Early Redemption Event).
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) shall be determined as follows:
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) = Specified Denomination multiplied by a Product 
Formula described in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to the 
Reference of the Product specified in the paragraph “Reference of the Product” in the applicable Final 
Terms.
In the case of automatic early redemption for Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked 
Notes, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount will be determined and 
calculated in accordance with the Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked 
Notes and the Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes.
For the purpose of this General Condition:
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the meaning given to them in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae.
6.1.5
Open-ended Notes
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are “Open-ended Notes”, the Notes will not have 
a predefined maturity date. 
The Fiduciary will have the right to redeem the Notes, at their Optional Redemption Amount as per 
General Conditions 6.1.3.1 and 12 and the Noteholder will have the right to request the Fiduciary to 
redeem any Note at their Optional Redemption Amount as per General Conditions 6.1.3.2  and 12.
6.1.6
Instalment Notes
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Instalment Notes Provisions" are "Applicable", this 
General Condition applies.
The applicable Final Terms will specify the instalment amount(s) (Instalment Amount(s)) and the 
instalment date(s) (Instalment Date(s)).
An adjusted specified denomination (Adjusted Specified Denomination) may be used for the 
purpose of calculating the Instalment Amount(s) and will be then specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to 
General Condition 6.2.1.

--- Page 227 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
227
6.1.7
Partly Paid Notes
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partly Paid Notes Provisions" are "Applicable", this 
General Condition applies.
The applicable Final Terms will specify the part payment amount(s) (Part Payment Amount(s)) and 
the part payment date(s) (Part Payment Date(s)).
Partly Paid Notes will be subscribed at the Part Payment Amount(s) and on the Part Payment Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The obligation to pay a Part Payment Amount on the relevant 
Part Payment Date is only incurred by the Noteholders on such Part Payment Date.
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their nominal amount and on any Optional 
Redemption Date at their paid-up nominal amount as at the date fixed for redemption; and in the 
event that any Noteholder fails to pay a Part Payment Amount on the relevant Part Payment Date 
(such date a Part Payment Default Date), any such Notes held by such Noteholder shall 
automatically be redeemed on the relevant Early Redemption Date, at the Settlement Amount.
For the purposes of this General Condition:
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of any Note, the seventh Payment Business Day 
following a Part Payment Default Date;
Settlement Amount means, in respect of any Note, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:
Max [0; Paid-up Nominal Amount – Unwinding Costs]
Where:
Paid-up Nominal Amount means, in respect of any Part Payment Date, the paid-up nominal amount 
of the relevant Note up to (and including) the applicable Part Payment Date. Interest will neither 
accrue nor be payable in respect of the period from and including the applicable Part Payment Default 
Date to and including the applicable Early Redemption Date; and
Unwinding Costs means the pro rata share, in respect of each Note, of the losses (expressed as a 
positive number) or the gains (expressed as a negative number) of unwinding all hedging 
arrangements (taking into account the present value of any Part Payment Amount(s) remaining to be 
paid in respect of the Notes) entered into or purchased by the Fiduciary and/or the Guarantor (for 
Secured Notes).
6.1.8
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note, except for Registered Notes, pursuant to General Condition 6 or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in General Condition 6.6.1 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as per General 
Condition 4.4 as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of:
(1)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and
(2)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note has been received by the Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12.

--- Page 228 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
228
6.2
Redemption following Special Events
If a Special Event, as defined in General Condition 6.3 below, occurs in respect of a Series of Notes 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series of Notes, the Fiduciary, with the prior 
written consent of the Guarantor, or the Guarantor, as applicable, may by notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and to the Noteholders, elect that the Notes shall be redeemed early in accordance 
with this General Condition.
If all or some of the Notes become subject to early redemption following the occurrence of a Special 
Event, on the fourteenth (14th) calendar day after the delivery by the Fiduciary of the applicable notice 
of early redemption (the Early Redemption Date), each of these Notes shall be redeemed:
-
in the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, at its Early 
Redemption Amount, 
- 
and in the case of any Note except a Preference Share Linked Note and a Warrant Linked 
Note, either:
(a)
at its Early Redemption Amount, or
(b)
or at the option of the Fiduciary, or, as the case may be, of the Guarantor, in the case of a 
Tax Event, a Special Tax Event, a Regulatory Event or an Early Redemption Event, by 
applying Monetisation until Maturity Date pursuant to General Condition 6.2.2 below.
6.2.1
Early Redemption  
Where the Notes are to be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, such Early Redemption 
Amount will be calculated as follows:
(1)
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or
(2)
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency 
other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount determined and calculated 
pursuant to the provisions of General Condition 6.1; or
(3)
in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, at the Physical Delivery Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or
(4)
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or
(5)
in the case of Notes with an Early Redemption Amount specified as Market Value in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the 
redemption of the Notes, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and shall 
have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem 
the fair market value to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary to make the payments in 
respect of the Notes which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due 
after the relevant early redemption date; or
(ii)
in case of Italian Certificates only, at an amount determined in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market 
value of the Italian Certificates immediately prior (and ignoring the circumstances 
leading) to such early termination; or

--- Page 229 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
229
(iii)
in case of EU Allowance Notes only, at an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent, which, on the due date for the redemption of the Notes, shall represent the 
fair market value of the Notes, shall take into account the relevant Spread Value(t) 
and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided 
to redeem the fair market value to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders 
the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary to make the payments in 
respect of the Notes which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due 
after the relevant early redemption date; the Market Value may be less than the 
market value of a Societe Generale vanilla bond having the same coupon and 
maturity as these Notes; or
(6)
in the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, the Early 
Redemption Amount will be determined and calculated in accordance with the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes or at an amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
as the case may be; or
(7)
if a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the Early Redemption Amount shall be as 
set out in General Condition 6.5.1; or
(8)
if a Fiduciary Event has occurred, the Early Redemption Amount shall be as set out in 
General Condition 6.4.1; or
(9)
if a Related Agreement Counterparty Event has occurred, the Early Redemption Amount 
shall be as set out in General Condition 6.4.2.
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of calculating the Market Value following a Fiduciary 
Event pursuant to General Condition 6.4.1 or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event pursuant to 
General Condition 6.4.2 only, no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of:
(i) 
the Fiduciary, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of 
the Notes; or
(ii) 
the Related Agreement Counterparty, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its 
obligations in respect of the Related Agreement(s); or
(iii)
the Guarantor, which shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of 
the Guarantee.
Except in the case of a Bond Event Determination Date, in respect of Notes bearing interest, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these General Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this General Condition 6.2.1 shall include 
any accrued interest to (but excluding) the applicable Early Redemption Date and apart from any 
such interest included in the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any 
other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in 
respect of such redemption. Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, as specified in the Final Terms.
6.2.2
Monetisation until the Maturity Date
Unless in the Final Terms specify that "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" is not applicable, if (i) for 
the purpose of General Condition 6.2.1 the Fiduciary elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity 
Date or if the applicable Final Terms specify that Early Redemption will not apply or (ii) if pursuant to 
the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as per this General Condition, 
then the Fiduciary shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the Intermediate Amount(s) initially 
scheduled to be paid on any Intermediate Payment Date and/or (2) the Optional Redemption Amount 
on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations, pay an amount described in General Conditions 6.2.2.1, 6.2.2.2 and/or 6.2.2.3 below.

--- Page 230 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
230
In addition, in respect of Physical Delivery Notes, following the occurrence of an event giving rise to 
the Monetisation until the Maturity Date, the Fiduciary shall no longer be liable for delivery of (1) the 
Physical Delivery Amount related to the Intermediate Amount Payment Date, and/or (2) the Physical 
Delivery Amount related to the Optional Redemption Date, and/or (3) the Physical Delivery Amount 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction of its obligations, deliver Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the amount described 
in General Conditions 6.2.2.1, 6.2.2.2 and/or 6.2.2.3 below.
This General Condition and the Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder 
will apply, if “Early redemption for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure 
Event, Fiduciary Event and Bond Event Determination Date” of the applicable Final Terms specifies 
that “Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholders, except for Force Majeure 
Event, Fiduciary Event or Bond Event Determination Date” applies. 
All references to the word "fourth" in the paragraphs below may be deemed to be a reference to 
another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System. 
6.2.2.1 Monetisation of any Intermediate Amount
a.
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms which could be as low as zero
Pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on 
(a) the net positive cash amount that, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a 
Hypothetical Investor as the case may be, would be left with on the Intermediate Full 
Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate Hedge Positions (inter 
alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such 
Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
the Intermediate Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into 
the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate 
Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and 
of the Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on 
such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period 
(which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date (included) and 
(y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded).
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor 
under its Intermediate Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low as zero.
b.
In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms which cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the 
Minimum intermediate Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on 
the Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note equal to the Minimum 
Intermediate Amount and (2) on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined 
by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, between:
(i)
(a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would be left with on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place 
with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the

--- Page 231 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
231
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hedge Positions) (the 
result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date is 
a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued 
on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate Full 
Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Maturity Date (excluded), and
 (ii)
an amount equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount.
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor as 
Intermediate Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as 
zero.
6.2.2.2 Monetisation of any Optional Redemption Amount
a.
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Optional Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on 
(a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a 
Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would be left with on the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Optional 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional 
Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such 
Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which 
for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
Calculation Period) between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and 
(y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded).
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor 
under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above 
can be as low as zero.
b.
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Optional Redemption Amount as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms cannot be in any case lower than an amount 
strictly positive (the Optional Minimum Redemption Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on 
the Optional Redemption Date an amount per Note equal to the Optional Minimum 
Redemption Amount and (2) on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined 
by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, between:
(i)
(a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would be left with on the

--- Page 232 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
232
Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hedge 
Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with 
respect to or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the 
result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a 
Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued 
on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Maturity Date (excluded), and
 (ii)
an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Redemption Amount.
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, 
incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor 
under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above 
can be as low as zero.
6.2.2.3 Monetisation of the Final Redemption Amount
a.
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms could be as low as zero
Pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on 
(a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a 
Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would be left with on the Full Liquidation 
Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if 
any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result 
of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (b) interest 
that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Full 
Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity 
Date (excluded). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions 
shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero; or
b.
In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly 
positive (the Minimum Redemption Amount) 
Pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition the Fiduciary shall pay on the 
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to 
the sum of (1) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (2) an amount, equal to the 
positive difference, if any, between:

--- Page 233 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
233
(i)
(a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, would be left with on the Full 
Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full 
Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision 
and of the Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have 
accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, 
during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Full 
Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Maturity Date (excluded), and
 (ii)
an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor as Hedge Positions 
shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge 
Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.
6.2.2.4 Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a 
Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of 
any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to the sum 
of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts 
for each of the previous Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period.
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day of such 
Calculation Period.
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the 
Compounding Period Amounts for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation 
Period.
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and 
including a Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately following Compounding 
Date during that Calculation Period.
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of 
(a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count 
Fraction.
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the annualised 
interest rate that the Fiduciary offers in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific 
Compounding Rate used in respect of a Specified Currency shall be available at the office 
of the Calculation Agent from the first day of a Calculation Period.
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number 
of days in a Compounding Period (the first included and the last excluded), divided by 360.
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations

--- Page 234 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
234
or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be.
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or 
foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash 
deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities 
howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, part or all of 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, 
obligations under the Notes due on the Maturity Date apportioned pro rata to each 
outstanding Note provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate Hedge Positions and/or the 
Optional Hedge Positions.
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical investor not resident in (a) the applicable 
Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the 
purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction 
and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, 
credit or other benefit, exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under 
an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements.
Intermediate Amount means either an Interest Amount or an Instalment Amount.
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, 
the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Intermediate Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such 
Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such 
Intermediate Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be 
fully received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the 
case may be.
Intermediate Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of 
one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, 
(c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or 
liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, part or 
all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Notes due on an 
Intermediate Payment Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note.
Intermediate Payment Date means either an Interest Payment Date or an Instalment Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes.
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Notes.
Optional Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 235 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
235
Optional Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
of the relevant Notes.
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, the date 
on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Optional Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge 
Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be.
Optional Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or 
more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, 
(c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or 
liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, part or 
all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Notes due on an Optional 
Redemption Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note.
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Structured Notes.
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted 
into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is 
denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such date into the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent.
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in General Condition 7.
6.3
Special Events definitions
A Special Event means any of the events as defined below:
-
a Tax Event (6.3.1), 
-
a Special Tax Event (6.3.1),
-
a Regulatory Event (6.3.1), 
-
a Force Majeure Event (6.3.1),
-
an Administrator/Benchmark Event (6.3.2)
             -
a Noteholder Identification Failure (6.3.3),
-
a Collateral Disruption Event (6.3.4), 
-
a Related Agreement Termination Event (6.3.5), 
-
a Trigger Redemption at the Option of the Fiduciary (6.3.6),
-
a Forced Redemption Event (6.3.7),
-
an Early Redemption Event  (6.3.8), or 
-
a Non-Affiliate Fiduciary Successor Event (6.3.9).
6.3.1
Redemption for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event
For the purposes of this General Condition:  
Change in Law means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of any 
applicable new law, regulation or rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation 
or rule) after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, (ii) the implementation or application of 
any applicable law, regulation or rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation 
or rule) already in force on the Issue Date of the Notes of a Series but in respect of which the manner

--- Page 236 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
236
of its implementation or application was not known or unclear at the Issue Date, or (iii) the change of 
any applicable law, regulation or rule existing at the Issue Date of the Notes, or the change in the 
interpretation or application or practice relating thereto, existing on the Issue Date of the Notes of any 
applicable law, regulation or rule, by any competent court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other 
entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or 
functions of or pertaining to government (including any additional or alternative court, tribunal, 
authority or entity, to that existing on the Issue Date of the Notes of a Series). 
Early Redemption means the redemption of the Notes, in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the 
case of the Notes other than Floating Rate Notes or any other interest bearing Notes in respect of 
which the Rate of Interest is not calculated on a fixed rate basis (Structured Interest Notes)) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Structured Interest Notes) at  the 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 6.2.1, together (if appropriate) with 
accrued interest to the date of redemption provided that in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes 
or Warrant Linked Notes, the redemption of the Notes shall be at Early Redemption Amount as 
defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Notes. 
Force Majeure Event means that, by reason of the occurrence of an event or an act of state, on or 
after the Issue Date, for which the Relevant Entity (as defined below) is not accountable, it becomes 
impossible and insurmountable for the Relevant Entity to perform its obligations under the Notes, so 
that the continuance of the Notes is thereby rendered definitively impossible.
Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder means that the Fiduciary 
will apply “Monetisation until the Maturity Date” in accordance with General Condition 6.2.2 but will 
also offer the Noteholders the choice to redeem their Notes at their option prior to the Maturity Date 
in whole. In the case a Noteholder requires the Fiduciary to redeem such Notes, the Fiduciary shall 
terminate its obligations under such Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1.
Regulatory Event means, following the occurrence of a Change in Law with respect to the Fiduciary 
and/or the Guarantor and/or the Related Agreement Counterparty in any other capacity (including 
without limitation as hedging counterparty of the Fiduciary, market maker of the Notes or direct or 
indirect shareholder or sponsor of the Fiduciary) or any of its affiliates involved in the issue of the 
Notes (hereafter the Relevant Affiliates and each of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and the Related 
Agreement Counterparty and the Relevant Affiliates, a Relevant Entity) that, after the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes, (i) any Relevant Entity would incur a materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing prior to such event) amount of tax, duty, liability, penalty, expense, fee, 
cost or regulatory capital charge however defined or collateral requirements for performing its 
obligations under the Notes or hedging the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes, including, without 
limitations, due to clearing requirements of, or the absence of, clearing of the transactions entered 
into in connection with the issue of, or hedging the Fiduciary’s obligations under, the Notes, (ii) it is 
or will become for any Relevant Entity impracticable, impossible (in each case, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts), unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited or contrary, in whole or in 
part, under any law, regulation, rule, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative 
or judicial authority, or power, applicable to such Relevant Entity (a) to hold, acquire, issue, reissue, 
substitute, maintain, redeem, or as the case may be, guarantee, the Notes, (b) to acquire, hold, 
sponsor or dispose of any asset(s) (or any interests thereof) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant 
Entity may use in connection with the issue of the Notes or to hedge the Fiduciary’s obligations under 
the Notes, (c) to perform obligations in connection with, the Notes or any contractual arrangement 
entered into between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty or any Relevant Affiliate 
(including without limitation to hedge the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes) or (d) to hold, 
acquire, maintain, increase, substitute or redeem all or a substantial part of its direct or indirect 
shareholding in the Fiduciary’s capital or the capital of any Relevant Affiliate or to directly or indirectly 
sponsor the Fiduciary or any Relevant Affiliate, or (iii) there is or may be a material adverse effect on 
a Relevant Entity in connection with the issue of the Notes.
Relevant Notice means a notice given in accordance with General Condition 12 (i) not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days, in respect of a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event or a Force Majeure Event, (ii) 
not less than 7 nor more than 45 days in respect of a Special Tax Event, to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) and to the Pincipal Paying Agent.

--- Page 237 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
237
Special Tax Event means that the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would, on the 
occasion of the next payment (including payment of principal or interest, if any) or delivery in respect 
of the Notes, be prevented by the law of a Tax Residence Jurisdiction (as defined in General 
Condition 7) from causing payment or delivery, as the case may be, to be made to the Noteholders 
of the full amount then due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in the General Condition 7. 
Tax Event means that (i) the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in General Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Residence Jurisdiction (as defined in 
General Condition 6.2.2.4) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Fiduciary or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, and (iii) the Fiduciary or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor would, on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes, be prevented by the law of a Tax Residence Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6.2.2.4) 
from causing payment to be made to the Noteholders of the full amount then due and payable.
A Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event are each an Exceptional 
Event and together the Exceptional Events.
If the applicable Final Terms specify:
(a) “Early Redemption” 
then, upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, apply Early Redemption as defined above, or 
(b) “Early Redemption or Monetisation until the Maturity Date”, 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation 
Agent may, on giving a Relevant Notice, decide to apply either:
(i) Early Redemption, or 
(ii) "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" in accordance with Condition 6.2.2, 
and upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event and/or in case of Preference Share Linked Notes 
and Warrant Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Redemption, or 
(c) “Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholders, except for Force Majeure 
Event, Fiduciary Event or Bond Event Determination Date”, 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation 
Agent may, on giving a Relevant Notice, apply Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of 
the Noteholder as defined above, and 
upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event and/or in case of Preference Share Linked Notes and 
Warrant Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Redemption. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Tax Event or Special Tax Event is Not Applicable, then in 
case of occurrence of a Tax Event or Special Tax Event the Notes will remain unchanged.
6.3.2
Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event
This General Condition applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that “EU Benchmarks Regulation 
- Benchmark” is applicable. 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in case of Floating Rate Notes on or after the Issue Date and if the

--- Page 238 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
238
Calculation Agent has not been able to determine a Replacement Rate and as the case may be and 
Adjustment Spread pursuant to the provisions of General Condition 4.2.3.5.2 above, then the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may either:
(A)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the 
Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount based on the Market 
Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1; or
(B)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2)
6.3.3
Redemption following Noteholder Identification Failure
If “Redemption in part following Noteholder Identification Failure” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant Series, upon the occurrence of a Noteholder 
Identification Failure: 
(a)
the Fiduciary may, in its sole and absolute discretion and in accordance with applicable law 
giving 2 (two) Business Days’ notice to the Noteholder to which the Noteholder Identification 
Failure relates, to all other Noteholders, the Principal Paying Agent and, if applicable, the 
Registrar and (for as long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (a Noteholder Identification Failure 
Redemption Notice), and upon expiry of such notice the Fiduciary shall redeem in whole 
each Note held by the Noteholder to which the Noteholder Identification Failure relates at the 
Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 6.2.1 (which 
shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). Failure to make any payment due in respect of such redemption 
under this General Condition of part of the principal amount of the Notes or interest thereon 
shall not constitute an event of default pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
following the giving of a Noteholder Identification Failure Redemption Notice, the Fiduciary 
shall forthwith give notice to the Agents of the redemption following Noteholder Identification 
Failure and any change or adjustment which the Fiduciary determines to be necessary or 
desirable to be made to the Notes and the provisions of the Transaction Documents (a 
Noteholder Identification Failure Adjustment Notice), and any such changes and 
adjustments shall be binding on the Noteholders.
Noteholder Identification Failure means the relevant Noteholder has failed to comply with the 
Noteholder Identification Requirement and such failure is continuing for 3 (three) Business Days.
6.3.4
Redemption following a Collateral Disruption Event
If the Fiduciary or the Collateral Agent determines that a Collateral Disruption Event (as defined in 
“Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions” and in accordance with General Condition 10.1 thereof) has 
occurred, the Fiduciary may by notice to the Principal Paying Agent and to the Noteholders redeem 
the Notes of a Series in accordance with General Condition 6.2.1. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event (as defined in “Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions”) will not constitute a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement 
Counterparty Event.
6.3.5
Redemption following a Related Agreement Termination Event
If the Fiduciary determines, or if the Related Agreement Counterparty notifies the Fiduciary, that a 
Related Agreement Termination Event has occurred the Fiduciary may by notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and to the Noteholders redeem the Notes of a Series in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2.1.

--- Page 239 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
239
A Related Agreement Termination Event shall occur if a Related Agreement becomes subject to 
termination prior to its scheduled date of termination other than as a consequence of a Fiduciary 
Event, a Related Agreement Counterparty Event or a Bond Event Determination Date.
6.3.6
Trigger Redemption at the option of Fiduciary
ThIf the applicable Final Terms specify that that "Trigger redemption at the option of the Fiduciary" is 
"Applicable", thenin the event that at any time during the life of the Notes and for any reason 
whatsoever, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes equals or falls below the 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level (a "Trigger Redemption at the Option of the Fiduciary"), the 
Fiduciary shall have the option, subject to any applicable law and regulation, to redeem all (but not 
some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with 
General Condition 6.2.1 upon giving notice to the Principal Paying Agent and to the Noteholders 
specifying that the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level has been reached.
For the purposes of this General Condition:
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount means, at any time, the product of (a) the Specified 
Denomination and (b) the number of Notes outstanding held at such time by Noteholders other than 
Societe Generale or its affiliates for their own account as determined in good faith by the Principal 
Paying Agent in consultation with the clearing institution(s) in or through which the Notes are held 
and transactions in such Notes are cleared. 
Initial Aggregate Nominal Amount means the product of (a) the Specified Denomination and (b) 
the number of Notes issued.
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level means 10% of the Initial Aggregate Nominal Amount or, if 
different from 10%, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
6.3.7
Forced Redemption of Notes
If the Fiduciary determines at any time that a Noteholder is a person that is not a Permitted Transferee 
in accordance with General Condition 1.2.6 above, the Fiduciary may redeem such Notes (the 
"Affected Notes") (a "Forced Redemption Event").
No payments will be made on the Notes from the date on which the Fiduciary determines that Notes 
are Affected Notes to the date on which the Affected Notes are redeemed.
There can be no assurance that a holder of Notes, or an interest therein, which are redeemed will 
not incur a significant loss as a result of the early redemption of such Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined in General Condition 6.2.1). Neither the Fiduciary nor any other party shall be 
liable to a holder for any such loss.
6.3.8
Early Redemption Event
Upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, as such term is defined pursuant to the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Notes will be redeemed in accordance with General Condition 6.2.
6.3.9
Redemption following a Non-Affiliate Fiduciary Successor Event
In the event of the Fiduciary’s resignation pursuant to General Condition 11.1, or the Fiduciary’s 
removal pursuant to General Condition 11.2, then in the case of Secured Notes the Guarantor may 
propose one or more Qualified Financial Institutions (as defined in General Condition 11.1) to act as 
the Fiduciary for consideration by the Fiduciary of the Noteholders (as the case may be).
If the Qualified Financial Institution appointed as the successor Fiduciary pursuant to the foregoing 
provisions is not an affiliate of the Guarantor, the Guarantor may elect that the Notes of a Series shall 
become subject to redemption pursuant to General Condition 6.2.1 (a Non-Affiliate Fiduciary 
Successor Event).

--- Page 240 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
240
6.4
Collateral Liquidation Events
A Collateral Liquidation Event is defined in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”.
6.4.1
Redemption following Fiduciary Event
The occurrence of a Fiduciary Event will constitute a Collateral Liquidation Event for the purposes of 
“Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”.
A Fiduciary Event shall occur in relation to a Series of Notes upon the occurrence of any of the 
following events:
(i)
default by the Fiduciary is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of 
the Notes of such Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 days 
unless the Guarantor shall have remedied such default before the expiry of such period; 
(ii)
the Fiduciary fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Notes of such Series and the failure continues for a period of 60 days next following the 
service on the Fiduciary and the Guarantor of a notice requiring the same to be remedied 
(except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy, by the Fiduciary or the 
Guarantor in which case no such continuation here above mentioned will be required); 
(iii)
the termination of a Related Agreement as a result of an event of default pursuant to the 
terms and conditions thereof will occur with respect to the Fiduciary if an event of default, 
howsoever defined in the Related Agreements, occurs in respect of which the Fiduciary is 
the defaulting party, howsoever defined in the Related Agreements;
(iv)
if the Collateral Monitoring Agent delivers a Required Collateral Default Notice in relation to 
the Collateral Pool collateralising such Notes; or
(v)
the Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect in respect of the Notes or is rendered void 
for any cause or by any means whatsoever except if the same results from the occurrence 
of a Change in Law which constitutes a Regulatory Event as provided for in General 
Condition 6.3.1. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event shall be (i) in the 
case of a Single Series Collateral Pool, the Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds as defined in 
Condition 9.2 of  “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions” or (ii) in the case of a Multiple Series Collateral 
Pool, the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount, as defined in Condition 9.4 of “Part 3 – Fiduciary 
Assets Provisions”.
6.4.2
Redemption following a Related Agreement Counterparty Event
The occurrence of a Related Agreement Counterparty Event will constitute a "Collateral Liquidation 
Event" for the purposes of “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions” .
A Related Agreement Counterparty Event will occur in relation to a Series of Notes if (i) an event 
of default (howsoever defined in the Related Agreements) occurs in respect of which the Related 
Agreement Counterparty is the defaulting party (howsoever defined in the Related Agreements) 
and/or (ii) the Collateral Monitoring Agent delivers a Required Collateral Default Notice in relation to 
the Collateral Pool collateralising the Notes.
The Early Redemption Amount payable on the occurrence of a Related Agreement Counterparty 
Event shall be (i) in the case of a Single Series Collateral Pool, the Fiduciary Assets Liquidation 
Proceeds as defined in Condition 9.2 of  “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions” or (ii) in the case of a 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount, as defined in Condition 9.4 
of “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”.

--- Page 241 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
241
6.5
Additional events relating to Repack Notes
This General Condition 6.5 applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that the type of Notes is 
Repack Notes. 
6.5.1
Redemption following a Bond Event Determination Date 
If a Bond Event Determination Date (as defined in Condition 2 of “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of these General Terms and Conditions) has occurred, the Fiduciary may redeem the 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the Early Redemption Date (as defined 
below) in accordance with the provisions of “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of these 
General Terms and Conditions. In such a case:
(a)
the Early Redemption Amount payable on the Notes shall be the Cash Redemption 
Amount;
(b)
the Early Redemption Date shall be the Cash Redemption Date; and 
(c)
the provisions of General Condition 4 (Interest) are subject to the provisions of Condition 1.2 
(Provisions relating to Interest) of “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions”.
6.5.2
Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date
If a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date (as defined in “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions” 
of these General Terms and Conditions), has occurred, the provisions of Condition 1.4.5 of “Part 2 –
Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of these General Terms and Conditions apply.
6.5.3
Market Trigger Event 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Market Trigger Event” is “Applicable”, if a Market Trigger 
Event Determination Date has occurred, the Fiduciary may redeem all (but not some only) of the 
remaining outstanding Notes early at their Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount upon giving 
notice in accordance with this General Condition and General Condition 12. 
Market Trigger Event means that the Calculation Agent has determined that the secondary mid 
price of the Notes (expressed as a percentage of the Specified Denomination) and published on the 
source specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Market Trigger Event Source”) has fallen below 
a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (the ‘Market Trigger Event Percentage”) and 
is continuing for a period of five (or such other number of days as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) consecutive Business Days (as defined in “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions”).
Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value means the bond value (expressed as a percentage) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value Determination 
Date using the same methodology as the one used for the determination of the Bond Final Value 
(with Floating Recovery) in the Part 2 – “Repack Notes Specific Provisions”, for the avoidance of 
doubt provided that Bond Event Determination Date is deemed replaced by Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date.
Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value Determination Date means the day on or prior to the 
Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date, on which the Calculation Agent determines the 
Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value.
Market Trigger Event Determination Date means the day on which a Market Trigger Event Notice 
is delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for the information of 
the Noteholders. A Market Trigger Event Determination Date may not occur after the occurrence of 
a Bond Event Determination Date.
Market Trigger Event Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered on the Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for the

--- Page 242 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
242
information of the Noteholders that specifies that a Market Trigger Event has occurred. 
Market Trigger Event Payment Date means the day that is four Payment Business Days following 
the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date. 
Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount means Specified Denomination x Max(Market Trigger 
Event Bond Market Value - Market Trigger Event Swap Price ; 0). 
Market Trigger Event Swap Price means the price determined on the Market Trigger Event Swap 
Price Determination Date (expressed as a percentage) as determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the termination amount payable under the Swap Agreement (including any costs relating to 
hedging the credit risk of the Bond Issuer) in the Specified Currency, determined by the Calculation 
Agent.
Market Trigger Event Swap Price Determination Date means the Market Trigger Event Bond 
Market Value Determination Date, unless the Calculation Agent is not able to determine the Market 
Trigger Event Swap Price on such date in which case the Market Trigger Event Swap Price 
Determination Date shall be the first day on or prior to the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice 
Delivery Date on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine the Market Trigger Event Swap 
Price.
Market Trigger Event Unwind Costs means the price determined as at a day selected by the 
Calculation Agent falling in the same period used to determine the Market Trigger Event Swap Price 
(expressed as a percentage of the notional amount of the Swap Agreement in respect of the Notes) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the same methodology as Breakage Cost 
Amount (as defined in “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions”).
Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Market Trigger Event 
Valuation Notice Delivery Date, specifying the Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount and the 
Market Trigger Event Payment Date. 
Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date means the day (such day being expected to 
be no later than the 10th Business Day following the Market Trigger Event Determination Date) on 
which the Calculation Agent delivers the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice on behalf of the 
Fiduciary to the Relevant Clearing System(s), for the information of the Noteholders.
7.
TAXATION
Unless specified otherwise in the Terms and Conditions, all payments and deliveries in respect of 
Notes and, if applicable, under the Guarantee, shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Tax Residence Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
7.1
No gross-up of payments under Notes or Fiduciary Assets
Without prejudice to General Condition 7.3, neither the Fiduciary nor the Guarantor shall be liable for 
or otherwise obliged to pay (a) any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a 
result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or enforcement of any Note 
or (b) any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which arises in respect of or is deducted from any 
payment due to the Fiduciary under any Fiduciary Assets and all payments made by the Fiduciary 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted.
7.2
No gross-up of payments under Related Agreement
Neither the Fiduciary nor the Related Agreement Counterparty is obliged under the Related 
Agreements to gross up payments to be made by it to the other if withholding taxes are imposed on 
such payments, but the Related Agreements are terminable in such event in accordance with their 
terms and conditions.

--- Page 243 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
243
7.3
Taxes
For the avoidance of doubt references in General Condition 7.1 and General Condition 7.2 to tax, 
duty or withholding include, without limitation (i) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, (ii) any withholding or 
deduction imposed pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code (the 871(m) Regulations) or (iii) imposed 
by any other law of the United States. In addition, in determining the amount of Section 871(m) 
withholding imposed, the Fiduciary shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as 
defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law.
If the Fiduciary determines that the Notes are Specified Notes pursuant to Section 871(m) 
Regulations, the applicable Final Terms will specify the withholding rate, the name of the entity which 
will withhold the rate and the e-mail address where the Noteholders can request additional 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) Regulations.
With respect to Specified Notes that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes 
U.S. securities, all payments on the Notes that reference such U.S. securities or an index that 
includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will 
be deemed to receive, and the Fiduciary (or Guarantor) will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant 
U.S. securities. The Fiduciary (or Guarantor) will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.
For the purpose of this General Condition:
Section 871(m) Regulations means the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of 
the Code.
Specified Notes means, subject to special rules from 2017 through 2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 
(the Notice), Notes issued on or after 1 January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic 
performance of one or more U.S. underlying equities as determined by the Fiduciary on the date for 
such Notes as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Fiduciary, based on 
tests set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such 
Securities are deemed “delta-one” instruments). 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means either Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax.
8.
PRESCRIPTION
Claims on bearer Notes (and any related Receipts and Coupons) and Registered Notes will become 
void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in the 
case of principal or payments) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) therefor.
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer securities, 
as amended (the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996) requires that any amount that is payable 
under the Notes of a Series, in the event that (i) an opposition (opposition) has been filed in relation 
to the Notes of a Series and (ii) the Notes of such Series mature prior to becoming forfeited (as 
provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is payable under the Notes 
(but has not yet been paid to the Noteholders) is paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg 
until the opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Notes of such Series occurs. There 
shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for

--- Page 244 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
244
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this General Condition or General Condition 
5.3 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to General Condition 5.3.
Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
12.
9.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Fiduciary and/or 
the Guarantor on demand the amount payable by the Fiduciary and/or the Guarantor in respect of 
such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Fiduciary and/or the Guarantor may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. The replacement of Notes in bearer form and receipts, coupons 
and talons relating to Notes in bearer form, in the case of loss or theft, is subject to the procedure of 
the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996.
10.
APPOINTMENT OF AGENTS
10.1
Appointment of Agents by Fiduciary
The Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any agent and/or appoint additional or other agents (including as may be required in connection with 
any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions) and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any agent acts, provided that:
(1)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by 
another relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the 
Principal Paying Agent) and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar) with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange;
(2)         there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;
(3)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) with a 
specified office in a city in Europe;
(4)
in the case of Registered Notes, there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office 
in a city in Europe; 
(5)
there will be one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require; 
(6)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union (a Member 
State) that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to Directive 2014/107/EU 
(the EU Savings Directive Tax Law) to the extent that any Member State does not maintain 
any obligation to so withhold or deduct pursuant to any EU Savings Directive Tax Law;
(7)
there will at all times be a Collateral Agent;
(8)
there will at all times be a Collateral Monitoring Agent;
(9)
there will at all times be a Collateral Custodian;

--- Page 245 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
245
(10)
there will at all times be a Note Valuation Agent; and
(11)
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, there will at all times be a LuxCSD Principal Agent and 
a Settlement Organisation.
In addition, the Fiduciary and the Guarantor (if any) shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a 
specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of General  
Condition 5.2. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in 
the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 or more than 45 
days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders.
In acting under the Collateral Agency Agreement, each of the Collateral Agent and the Note Valuation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders.
In acting under the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agent acts 
solely as agent of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation 
to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders.
In acting under the Collateral Custody Agreement, the Collateral Custodian acts solely as agent of 
the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Noteholders.
In acting under the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the 
Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Noteholders.
In relation to SIS Notes, the Fiduciary will maintain a Principal Swiss Paying Agent having a specified 
office in Switzerland whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, and the 
Fiduciary will at all time maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF SIS Notes having a specified 
office in Switzerland. In relation to SIS Notes, any reference in these General Conditions to the 
Principal Paying Agent shall so far as the context permits be deemed to be a reference to the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent.
All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes of a Series by any Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Note Valuation Agent or 
the Related Agreement Counterparty shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive 
and binding on the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if any) and the Noteholders.
10.2
Replacement of Agents
Each of the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency 
Agreement and the Collateral Custody Agreement contain provisions for the termination of such 
agreement and, as the case may be, the removal and/or replacement of the role of any party 
appointed thereunder. Any such termination, removal and/or replacement will be effected in 
accordance with the provisions of such agreements and the additional terms and conditions for Notes 
and may be effected without the consent of Noteholders. In accordance with the terms of such 
agreements and/or the additional terms and conditions for Notes, the Fiduciary shall be required to 
give notice to Noteholders of any such termination, removal and/or replacement. 
In particular, the replacement of the Collateral Custodian may only be effected when certain 
conditions relating to the substitute collateral custodian are fulfilled. Such conditions include, but are 
not limited to a requirement that the substitute collateral custodian is:

--- Page 246 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
246
(a)
incorporated in an Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) 
member country,
(b)
a fully licensed credit institution in Luxembourg;
(c)
in the reasonable opinion of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor, able to act as 
Collateral Custodian and fulfil the obligations and duties expressed to be binding on it 
pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Custody Agreement; and
(d)
chosen from a pre-established list of entities (including BBH, Citi, HSBC, JP Morgan, 
Northern Trust, RBC Dexia Investor Services, BNP Paribas Securities Services, State Street 
or Wells Fargo & Company Inc.) or otherwise is a custodian of similar repute and good 
standing.
10.3
Appointment of BNY Disposal Agent by Noteholders
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch is appointed by the Initial Noteholder pursuant to the 
BNY Disposal Agency Agreement and shall act solely as disposal agent of the Noteholders of the 
Notes of a Series for the time being, undertaking on their behalf the duties of BNY Disposal Agent as 
set out in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”. The BNY Disposal Agent may only act after the 
occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event. 
The BNY Disposal Agent may resign its appointment under the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement by 
giving at least 90 days’ prior written notice to the Fiduciary, and the appointment of the BNY Disposal 
Agent under the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement may be terminated by the Noteholders, acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution, if (a) at any time the BNY Disposal Agent becomes incapable of acting, or 
is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or makes an assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors or consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or other 
similar official of all or any substantial part of its property or admits in writing its inability to pay or to 
meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order 
made for its winding-up or dissolution, or if a receiver, administrator or other similar official of itself or 
all or any substantial part of its property is appointed, or if an order of any court is entered approving 
any petition filed by or against it under the provisions of any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, 
or if any public officer takes charge or control of it or its property or affairs for the purpose of 
rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; or (b) it fails duly to perform any act required to be 
performed by it under the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement. In either event, the Guarantor and/or 
the Related Agreement Counterparty may, by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 nominate one or more entities for the Noteholders to consider appointing as the 
successor BNY Disposal Agent. No resignation by the BNY Disposal Agent shall take effect, nor may 
the BNY Disposal Agent be removed, until a replacement disposal agent has been appointed by the 
Noteholders, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, in accordance with the terms of the BNY Disposal 
Agency Agreement.
10.4
Appointment of SG Disposal Agent by Noteholders
10.4.1
Societe Generale is appointed by the Initial Noteholder pursuant to the SG Disposal Agency 
Agreement and shall act solely as agent of the Noteholders of the Notes of a Series for the time 
being, undertaking on their behalf the duties of SG Disposal Agent, in effecting the realisation of 
Collateral Assets upon the occurrence of events other than a Collateral Liquidation Event as set out 
in the SG Disposal Agency Agreement.  The SG Disposal Agent will not act as a disposal agent after 
the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event.
The SG Disposal Agent may resign its appointment under the SG Disposal Agency Agreement by 
giving at least 90 days’ prior written notice to the Fiduciary, and the appointment of the SG Disposal 
Agent under the SG Disposal Agency Agreement may be terminated by the Noteholders, acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution, if (a) at any time the SG Disposal Agent becomes incapable of acting, or 
is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or makes an assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors or consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or other 
similar official of all or any substantial part of its property or admits in writing its inability to pay or to 
meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order

--- Page 247 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
247
made for its winding-up or dissolution, or if a receiver, administrator or other similar official of itself or 
all or any substantial part of its property is appointed, or if an order of any court is entered approving 
any petition filed by or against it under the provisions of any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency 
laws, or if any public officer takes charge or control of it or its property or affairs for the purpose of 
rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; or (b) it fails duly to perform any act required to be 
performed by it under the SG Disposal Agency Agreement. In either event, the Related Agreement 
Counterparty may, by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 nominate 
one or more entities for the Noteholders to consider appointing as the successor SG Disposal Agent. 
No resignation by the SG Disposal Agent shall take effect, nor may the SG Disposal Agent be 
removed, until a replacement disposal agent has been appointed by the Noteholders, acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution, in accordance with the terms of the SG Disposal Agency Agreement.
10.5
Calculation Agent
If in connection with any Series of Notes:
(i)
the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms is Societe Generale or Societe 
Generale Luxembourg, its appointment will be governed by the terms of the calculation 
agency agreement set out in the Agency Agreement (the Calculation Agency Agreement); 
or
(ii)
in the event that a Calculation Agent other than Societe Generale or Societe Generale 
Luxembourg is appointed in connection with any such Series of Notes, the terms of its 
appointment will be summarised in the applicable Final Terms. 
11.
RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF THE FIDUCIARY
11.1
Resignation by Fiduciary
The Fiduciary may resign as fiduciary in relation to a Series of Notes by giving at least 90 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12. Such resignation will take effect on the 
date specified in such notice (which by subscription for, or acquisition of, any Note the Noteholders 
are deemed to expressly accept and be bound by), provided that no such resignation will take effect 
until each of (a) the appointment by the Fiduciary of a successor fiduciary (which will be a Qualified 
Financial Institution, as defined below); (b) the acceptance of such appointment by such successor 
and (c) the assumption by such successor of the rights and obligations of the Fiduciary under the 
Related Agreements and each Fiduciary Asset, and under each Fiduciary Contract relating to a 
Series of Notes has become effective. The Fiduciary will procure the appointment of a successor 
fiduciary as soon as possible following notice of its resignation. As soon as practicable, but in no 
event later than 10 days, after such appointment being made, the Fiduciary will give due notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (the Appointment Notice).
Qualified Financial Institution means a bank incorporated or established under the laws of 
Luxembourg which is resident or has its domicile or has its seat in Luxembourg which is qualified and 
authorised to act as a fiduciary under the Fiduciary Law.
11.2
Removal by Noteholders
The Fiduciary may at any time be removed as fiduciary in relation to a Series of Notes by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders in general meeting, provided that no such removal will 
take effect until each of (a) the appointment by such Noteholders by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
successor fiduciary (which will be a Qualified Financial Institution); (b) the acceptance of such 
appointment by such successor; and (c) the assumption by such successor of the rights and 
obligations of the Fiduciary under the Related Agreements and each Fiduciary Asset, and under each 
Fiduciary Contract relating to such Series of Notes has become effective.
12.
NOTICES
12.1
All notices regarding the Notes shall be deemed to be validly given if published :

--- Page 248 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
248
(1)
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe  provided that, 
(2)
so long as such Notes are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or are 
admitted to trading by a relevant authority the Fiduciary shall instead ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of such regulated 
market, stock exchange(s) or relevant authority. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspaper(s) (which, 
in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort (or 
the Tageblatt)) or (ii) in the case of publication on a website, on the date on which such notice 
is first posted on the relevant website (which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
shall be www.bourse.lu).
12.2
Until such time as any Notes in definitive form are issued and so long as the Global Note(s) 
representing the Notes is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
publication of a notice in such newspaper(s) or on such websites as referred to in General  Condition 
12.1.1 may be substituted by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for 
communication by them to the Noteholders.
In addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on any regulated market or other stock exchange(s) 
or are admitted to trading by a relevant authority and the rules of such regulated market or such stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in accordance with such 
rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream.
12.3
With reference to the Italian Certificates, until such time as any Italian Certificates in definitive form 
are issued and so long as the Global Certificate(s) representing the Italian Certificate is or are 
deposited in its or their entirety with Monte Titoli, publication of a notice in such newspaper(s) or on 
such websites as referred to in General  Condition 12.1.1 may be substituted by the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Monte Titoli for communication by them to the Noteholders.
In addition, for so long as any Italian Certificates are listed on any regulated market or other stock 
exchange(s) or are admitted to trading by a relevant authority and the rules of such regulated market 
or such stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in accordance 
with such rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Italian Certificates on the 
day on which the said notice was given to Monte Titoli.
12.4
All notices regarding Definitive Registered Notes shall be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or by airmail (if posted to an address overseas) to the Noteholders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register. 
In addition, for so long as any Definitive Registered Notes are listed on any regulated market or stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by a relevant authority and the rules of such regulated market or 
such stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the regulated market or stock exchange on which such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading is located.
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing.
12.5
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case 
may be (or Monte Titoli in case of Bearer Certificates), in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent

--- Page 249 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
249
or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, may approve 
for this purpose.
12.6
All notices to holders of Dematerialised Notes shall be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to 
a Noteholder on the address registered for such Noteholder in the system of the relevant central 
securities depositary and clearing institution or in accordance with the legislation, rules and 
regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, the relevant central securities depositary and clearing 
institution. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given, if sent by mail to the Noteholder, on 
the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by mail.
12.7 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, notices regarding SIS Notes may be given 
by communication through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the Intermediary for forwarding to the 
Noteholders. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given with the communication 
to the Intermediary.
In addition, or as an alternative, notices concerning SIS Notes may be published in a leading daily 
newspaper (such as, for example, the Neue Zürcher Zeitung) having general circulation in 
Switzerland. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication).
13.
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PURCHASES - 
CANCELLATION
13.1
Further issues
The Fiduciary may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
Notes ranking pari passu in all respects and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue 
Date, Interest Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon), and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with, the 
outstanding Notes. 
Any such further Notes shall only form a single Series with the Notes (unless otherwise approved by 
holders of at least 75% in nominal amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding) if the 
Fiduciary provides additional assets (as fiduciary assets for such further Notes) which are fungible 
with, and have the same proportionate composition as, those forming part of the Fiduciary Assets for 
the Notes of such Series and in the same proportion as the proportion that the nominal amount of 
such new notes bears to the Notes of such Series and/or the Fiduciary enters into an additional or 
supplemental Related Agreement extending the terms of any existing Related Agreement to the new 
Notes on terms no less favourable than such existing documents and agreements.
13.2
Consolidation
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Consolidation” is “Applicable”, the Fiduciary may from time 
to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the date specified for a redenomination of 
the Notes pursuant to General Condition 1, on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12, without the consent of Noteholders, 
consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other Notes issued by it, whether or not originally 
issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated or payable in Euro) and which otherwise have, 
in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes.
The provisions of this General Condition 13 shall not apply to Preference Share Linked Notes or 
Warrant Linked Notes.
13.3
Subscriptions and Purchases
Each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor shall have the right at all times to subscribe and/or purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and

--- Page 250 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
250
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased at any price in the open market or otherwise, in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
13.4
Cancellation
All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Fiduciary will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto or surrendered therewith). All Notes purchased and cancelled (together with, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar) and cannot be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor 
in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
14.
CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS – ADJUSTMENTS AND DISRUPTION
With respect to a Type of Structured Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to which the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes apply, the Calculation Agent 
responsible for determining and calculating any rate, rate of interest, interest payable and any amount 
payable shall be the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (pursuant to the 
provisions of General Condition 10).
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent will be conclusive and binding upon the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if any), the Agent and the Noteholders, in the absence of manifest error or 
proven error.
Whenever a Calculation Agent is required to make any calculations, determinations, adjustments or 
act in any way (and unless otherwise provided herein), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment which is substantial in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or of an extraordinary event affecting, in respect of the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes:
(i)
a relevant Underlying; and/or
(ii)
a Selected Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Fiduciary, which shall in its turn notify the Agent and the 
Noteholders, pursuant to the provisions of General Condition 12, of the relevant adjustment made or 
decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of such adjustment made or decision taken can be 
obtained by the Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent’s address specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
15.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER
15.1
Meetings of Noteholders
The Agency Agreement contains detailed provisions in respect of the convening of the meetings of 
the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests. Modification of the Terms and 
Conditions (i) to change the maturity of the Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt any Receipt 
or Coupons), (ii) to reduce the nominal amount of or reduce the rate of interest (if any) payable in 
connection with the Notes, (iii) to amend the redemption conditions, (iv) to extend the amortisation 
period (if any), suspend the same and consent to changes in the conditions thereof, (v) to change 
the currency of payment of the Notes, (vi) to vary the quorum provisions or the majority required to 
pass a resolution or (vii) to make any other change or amendment to the Conditions (other than any 
modification, authorisation or waiver pursuant to General Condition 15.2) may only be made by a 
resolution approved by two-thirds of votes cast (an Extraordinary Resolution).  A resolution in

--- Page 251 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
251
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders representing the required quorum as mentioned above 
shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders.
All other resolutions will be taken by a resolution approved by a simple majority of votes cast (an 
Ordinary Resolution). A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of a simple 
majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effectual as an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders.
The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution will 
be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 (fifty) %, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing Notes whatever the nominal amount of such Notes for 
the time being outstanding. Any resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding 
on all the Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed). 
The Fiduciary may make any such modification subject to it having received a legal opinion confirming 
to its satisfaction that the modification has (where Noteholder approval is required) been validly 
approved by the meeting of Noteholders and that it will be binding on all the Noteholders as provided 
herein. 
It should be noted that articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the amended Luxembourg Act of 10 August 1915 
on commercial companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915) shall not apply to the Notes. No 
Noteholder may initiate proceedings against the Fiduciary which are based on article 470-21 of the 
Companies Act 1915.
15.2
Modification, authorisation and waiver
The Fiduciary may agree with the Principal Paying Agent, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
and without liability to any person therefore, to (i) any modification of the Terms and Conditions or 
the Agency Agreement or any of the provisions of the Related Agreements or Fiduciary Assets and 
any corresponding provisions of the Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement which is, in the 
opinion of the Fiduciary, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or the applicable listing rules, and (ii) any 
other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the 
provisions of the Related Agreements and any corresponding provisions of the Terms and Conditions 
which is in the opinion of the Fiduciary not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the Noteholders and such 
modification will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in accordance with General 
Condition 12.
Without prejudice and in addition to the foregoing, if the Related Agreement Counterparty exercises 
the Transfer Right, the Fiduciary shall be entitled to agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
and without liability to any person therefor, to such modifications to (i) the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and/or (ii) any of the Transaction Documents as it considers necessary or desirable to 
allow the Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty to accede to, or otherwise take the benefit 
of, those Transaction Documents, and by subscribing for or acquiring Notes, Noteholders should be 
deemed to have acknowledged such right of the Fiduciary and agreed thereto. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and will be notified to Noteholders as soon 
as practicable in accordance with General Condition 12.
16.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
16.1
Governing law
Each Fiduciary Contract, the Notes and the Coupons, and any rights and obligations (including any 
non-contractual obligations) arising out of or in connection with any of them, are governed by, and 
will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of Luxembourg and the Fiduciary Contract constituted

--- Page 252 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
252
by the Notes and the Coupons are governed in particular by the Fiduciary Law. Actions or 
proceedings against the Fiduciary may be brought only in a court of Luxembourg having jurisdiction.
The Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law.
16.2
Submission to jurisdiction
The Fiduciary irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders, that the courts of Luxembourg 
are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising out 
of such Notes and/or Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Luxembourg courts.
The Fiduciary waives any objection to the courts of Luxembourg on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders  may take any 
suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such Notes and/or Coupons) against the Fiduciary in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
The Fiduciary has in the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the Luxembourg courts 
and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.
Any claim against the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee shall be brought before the 
commercial court of Paris (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris).

--- Page 253 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
253
PART 2 - REPACK NOTES SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
This “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of the General Terms and Conditions (“Part 2”) shall apply 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Type of Notes is “Repack Notes”.
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Terms and Conditions of Part 1 – General Provisions 
and the ones of this Part 2, the General Terms and Conditions of this Part 2 shall prevail.
Capitalised terms used but not defined in Part 2 Condition 1 shall have the meanings given to them in Part 2 
Condition 2, save to the extent it is completed in the applicable Final Terms.
Capitalised terms used in the definition "Bond Issuer ISDA Event" below shall have the meanings given to 
them in Part 2 Condition 3.
If any Bond is guaranteed, the applicable Final Terms will specify the “Bond Guarantor” in respect of such 
Bond and, as they apply to such Bond, any reference in  Part 2 to “Bond Issuer” and “Bond” shall be replaced 
by, respectively, “Bond Issuer and/or Bond Guarantor” and “Bond and/or Bond Guarantee”, where, for these 
purposes, Bond Guarantor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its successor 
in accordance with the Bond Guarantee), and Bond Guarantee means the guarantee provided by the Bond 
Guarantor in respect of the obligations of the Bond Issuer under such Bond.
If any Bond is a loan participation note, the applicable Final Terms will specify the “Underlying Borrower” in 
respect of such Bond and, as they apply to such Bond, any reference in Part 2 to “Bond Issuer” and “Bond” 
shall be replaced by, respectively, “Bond Issuer and/or Underlying Borrower” and “Bond and/or Underlying 
Loan”, where, for these purposes, Underlying Borrower means the entity specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or its successor in accordance with the Underlying Loan), and Underlying Loan means the 
loan provided by the Bond Issuer to the Underlying Borrower with the proceeds of issuance of such Bonds.
1.
REDEMPTION FOLLOWING A BOND EVENT DETERMINATION DATE 
1.1
Settlement Method – Cash Settlement
1.1.1
If a Bond Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and 
including the First Bond Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event Occurrence 
Date and a Bond Event Notice and, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf of 
the Fiduciary to the Noteholders, then (i) the Fiduciary will redeem the Notes at the Cash Redemption 
Amount (such amount being the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with General Condition 
6.5.1 payable on the Notes) on the Cash  Redemption Date (subject as specified in Part 2 Condition 
1.1.2 below) (such date being the Early Redemption Date in accordance with General Condition 6.5 
in respect of the Notes);  and (ii) the Interest Period(s) shall be as specified in Part 2 Condition 1.2 
below. The Fiduciary shall notify the Principal Paying Agent of a Bond Event Determination Date as 
soon as reasonably practicable.The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of which a Bond 
Event Determination Date has occurred and the Bond Final Value of each Bond in respect of which 
a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the Cash Redemption Amount and the Cash 
Redemption Date shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Bond Final Valuation Notice on the Bond 
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.  
1.2
Provisions relating to Interest
Interest Period means each period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) 
the next Interest Payment Date; provided however that the first Interest Period begins on the Interest 
Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period remains subject to the provisions of this 
Part 2 Condition 1.
1.2.1
Single Bond Repack Notes
1.2.1.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Fixed Rate Note Provisions” or "Floating 
Rate Note Provisions" is stated as being “Applicable”:

--- Page 254 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
254
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable under 
each Note for each Interest Period shall be equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, 
(b) the Specified Denomination and if any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction.
1.2.1.2 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Structured Interest Note Provisions” is 
stated as being “Applicable”:
The Structured Interest Amount shall be as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae when the reference of the product is included in the clause “Reference 
of the Product” in the applicable Final Terms, or as specified in the clause “Structured Interest 
Amount(s)” in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Offer Notes. 
1.2.1.3 The Interest Payment Date(s), if any, will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the provisions set out at paragraphs (a) to (e) below:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond 
Event” is stated as being “Accrued Interest upon Bond Event”:
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Bond Event Determination Date (or from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Bond Event 
Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to (but 
excluding) the Bond Event Determination Date, and the last Interest Payment Date 
will be the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day 
falling after the Bond Event Determination Date and (ii) the Maturity Date. No interest 
shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Bond Event Determination Date 
to the Maturity Date.
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will 
be payable from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond 
Event" is stated as being "No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event”:
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier of (i) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Bond Event Determination 
Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding the Bond Event 
Determination Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement Date in case 
of a Bond Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) 
to the Maturity Date.
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will 
be payable from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.
(c)
If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond 
Event” is stated as being "Accrued Interest upon Bond Event" and (ii) there is only 
one Interest Period:
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Bond Event Determination Date, and 
the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be 
payable from (and including) the Bond Event Determination Date to the Maturity 
Date.
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will 
be payable from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 255 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
255
(d)
If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond 
Event” is stated as being “No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event” and (ii) there is 
only one Interest Period:
If a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, no interest shall accrue nor be 
payable in respect of the Notes.
(e)
Only if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated 
as being “European Settlement” and if the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond 
Event” is stated as being “Guaranteed Coupon”:
The last Interest Period will end on, (but exclude) the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
the interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest Period on the Specified 
Denomination of each Note.
 
1.2.2
Provisions to Single Bond Repack Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, should a Bond Event Determination Date occur within an Interest Period 
but the relevant Bond Event Notice is delivered (i) less than four Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and the Fiduciary’s payment instructions have already been given in respect 
of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, or (ii) during a subsequent Interest Period 
and the Fiduciary has paid an amount of interest prior to such delivery in excess of the amount due 
in accordance with the provisions of Part 2 Condition 1.2, then the Fiduciary may deduct the amount 
of overpaid interest from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount (or Cash 
Redemption Amount), whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being in each case floored 
at zero);
1.3
Partial Redemption and further issues
Following any partial redemption of the Notes (pursuant to General Condition 6.1.3.1.2 of “Part 1 - 
General Provisions” or any further issue (pursuant to General Condition 13 of “Part 1 - General 
Provisions”, the Aggregate Nominal Amount will be multiplied by the ratio of (i) the number of Notes 
outstanding after such partial redemption or further issue divided by (ii) the number of Notes 
outstanding just before such partial redemption or further issue. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount calculation of which depends on the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount will be re-calculated accordingly.
1.4
Hedging Disruption – Increased Cost of Hedging – Change in Law -  Merger of a Bond Issuer 
and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates – Holding Limit Event – Consequences of a 
Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date
1.4.1
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
1.4.2
Change in Law
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
1.4.3
Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates 
Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates means, in respect of Single 
Repack Notes or Basket Repack Notes, that (i) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates

--- Page 256 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
256
or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, a Bond Issuer 
or (ii) a Bond Issuer consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially 
all its assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates 
and a Bond Issuer become Affiliates. 
1.4.4
Holding Limit Event 
Holding Limit Event means that Societe Generale and any of its affiliates, in aggregate hold, an 
interest in any one restricted Bond or issuance of Bonds, constituting or likely to constitute (directly 
or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote 25% or more of any class of voting securities, 
of the issuer of such Bond as determined by Societe Generale. A “restricted Bond” for the purpose 
of this definition, means those assets subject to internal monitoring by Societe Generale for purposes 
of its compliance with restrictions imposed by the Volcker Rule. As used herein, the “Volcker Rule” 
means the amendments to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 made by Section 619 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, including any requests, regulations, 
rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental authority under, or issued by the 
relevant governmental authority in connection with, such rule.
1.4.5
Consequences of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date
Upon the occurrence of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date (as defined below), the Calculation 
Agent may decide to either:
A.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, a 
Repack Notes Exceptional Event Early Redemption Event). In the case where a Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its 
obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount 
on the basis of the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of “Part 1 - General 
Provisions”; or
B.
if the relevant Repack Notes Exceptional Event (as defined below) is related to one or several 
affected Bonds or issuance of Bonds as applicable (the Affected Bond(s)), replace the 
Affected Bond(s) by a new bond (or new bonds, as relevant) which is (respectively are each) 
a Similar Bond. In addition, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the terms of the Swap Agreement) to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes; or
C.
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2);
Or only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging:
D.
deduct:
(i)
from the Interest Amount (if any) due under the Notes on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of 
any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any 
of its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of 
the Fiduciary under the Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
outstanding Notes (the Reduction Amount); PROVIDED THAT if on an Interest 
Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest 
Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of each Note is greater than the Interest 
Amount due under each Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) on 
such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount will be reduced to zero and the 
difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the 
deduction of the Reduction Amount) will be deducted from the Interest Amount due 
on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction 
Amount has not been deducted in whole or in part on the last Interest Payment Date 
under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount will be deducted from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the

--- Page 257 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
257
Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount, whichever 
comes first (the reduction of such deduction being floored at zero); or
(ii)
in the absence of any Interest Amount under the Notes, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the 
Early Redemption Amount (if any), due under the Notes on the Optional Redemption 
Date (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of 
the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, and (b) in the absence 
of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption 
Amount due on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored 
at zero); or
E. 
apply the Partial Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as set out in Part 2 Condition 1.4.6 
below).
Following the occurrence of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
notify the Fiduciary, which shall in its turn notify the Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of General 
Condition 12 of “Part 1 - General Provisions” of the relevant adjustment made or decision taken by 
the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may be obtained by the 
Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address. 
If the Calculation Agent has elected to apply 1.4.5(C) (Monetisation until the Maturity Date), or 
1.4.5(D) or 1.4.5(E) (Partial Monetisation until the Maturity Date) above and a Bond Event 
Determination Date occurs after the Exceptional Event Date, the provisions of 1.4.5 (C), 1.4.5 (D) or 
1.4.5 (E) above, as the case may be, shall no longer apply and instead the Notes shall be redeemed 
at the Cash Redemption Amount and in accordance with the Interest Period(s) as described in Part 
2 Condition 1. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Bond Event Determination Date occurs after an 
Exceptional Event Date where the Calculation Agent has elected to apply 1.4.5(E) (Partial 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date) above, the Related Agreement Price Determination Date shall 
not be affected by such occurrence and will remain the date determined in accordance with the 
definition Related Agreement Price Determination Date. 
Definitions applicable to this Part 2 Condition 1.4.5:
Repack Notes Exceptional Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence 
during the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event 
Occurrence Date of one or more of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change 
in Law, a Holding Limit Event or Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates.
Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date means in respect of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event, the 
date, from and including the Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date, 
on which the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that a Repack Notes Exceptional Event has 
occurred. A Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event Determination 
Date.
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date.
Similar Bond means a bond that complies with the Collateral Rules, including the Eligibility Criteria 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms.
1.4.6
Partial Monetisation until the Maturity Date
The Fiduciary will no longer be liable for any payment, on the Maturity Date or any Interest Payment 
Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations:
A.
if no Bond Event Determination Date has occurred after the Repack Notes Exceptional Event 
Date, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 258 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
258
with a minimum of zero, based on (a) the sum of (i) (x) the actual proceeds effectively 
received by or on behalf of a holder of one Bond at its maturity date net of any withholding 
tax, duty or expenses as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency of the Notes using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Bond maturity date (expressed as a percentage of 
the denomination of the Bond) multiplied by (y) the Specified Denomination of the Note and 
(ii)(x) any interest, coupons or other sums analogous to interest effectively received between 
the Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date and the Maturity Date by or on behalf of a holder 
of one  Bond net of any withholding tax, duty or expenses and costs (including, without 
limitation, balance sheet costs) as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency of the 
Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Maturity Date  (expressed as a 
percentage of the denomination of the Bond), multiplied by (y) the Specified Denomination 
of the Note (the “Bond Interest”) and (iii) the Specified Denomination of the Note multiplied 
by the Swap Agreement Price (such amount being positive or negative) determined on the 
Related Agreement Price Determination Date, together with (b) interest (which may be a 
positive or a negative amount) that would have accrued on the Calculation Amount over the 
Calculation Period pursuant to the Compounding Method.
For the purpose of determining the interest pursuant to the provisions of the Compounding 
Method:
Calculation Amount shall be equal (a) for the first Calculation Period (as defined in this 
Condition 1.4.6(A)) to the Specified Denomination of the Note multiplied by the Swap 
Agreement Price determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date and  (b) 
for each Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) excluding the first 
Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)), to the sum of (i) (A) the Specified 
Denomination of the Note multiplied by (B) the Swap Agreement Price determined on the 
Related Agreement Price Determination Date and (ii) the sum of all Bond Interest (as defined 
in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) received up to (and including) the first date of such Calculation 
Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)),
Calculation Period means (a) for the first Calculation Period, the period from (and including) 
the Related Agreement Price Determination Date to (but excluding) the first day on which 
Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) is received and (b) for each successive 
Calculation Period, the period from (and including) the date on which Bond Interest (as 
defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) is received to (but excluding) the next following day on 
which Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) is received (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner) provided that the last 
Calculation Period shall end on the Maturity Date. 
or,
B.
if one or more Bond Event Determination Date(s) has occurred after the Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Date, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by 
the Calculation Agent, with a minimum of zero, based on (a) the sum of (i) the Cash 
Redemption Amount and (ii) (x) any interest, coupons or other sums analogous to interest 
received between the Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date and the Bond Event 
Determination Date by or on behalf of a holder of one Bond net of any withholding tax, duty 
or expenses and costs (including, without limitation, balance sheet costs) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner converted if necessary 
into  the Specified Currency of the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Maturity Date (expressed as a percentage of the denomination of the Bond), multiplied by 
(y) the Specified Denomination of the Note (the Bond Interest) and  (iii) (x) the Specified 
Denomination of the Note multiplied by (y) the Swap Agreement Price (such amount being 
positive or negative) determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date 
together with (b) interest (which may be a positive or a negative amount) that would have 
accrued on the Calculation Amount over the Calculation Period pursuant to the 
Compounding Method.

--- Page 259 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
259
For the purpose of determining the interest pursuant to the provisions of the Compounding 
Method:
Calculation Amount shall be equal (a) for the first Calculation Period (as defined in this 
Condition 1.4.6(B)), to the Specified Denomination of the Note multiplied by the Swap 
Agreement Price determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date and (b) 
for each Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)) excluding the first 
Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)), to the sum of (i) (A) the Specified 
Denomination of the Note multiplied by (B) the Swap Agreement Price determined on the 
Related Agreement Price Determination Date and (ii) the sum of all Bond Interest (as defined 
in this Condition 1.4.6(B)) received up to (and including) the first date of such Calculation 
Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)).
Calculation Period means (a) for the first Calculation Period, the period from (and including) 
the Related Agreement Price Determination Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Bond 
Final Value Determination Date and the first day on which Bond Interest (as defined in this 
Condition 1.4.6(B)) is received (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner) and (b) for each successive Calculation Period, the period 
from (and including) the date on which Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)) 
is received to (but excluding) the earlier of the Bond Final Value Determination Date and the 
next following day on which Bond Interest is received (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner).
2.
DEFINITIONS
Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event means “No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event” or “Accrued 
Interest upon Bond Event” or “Guaranteed Coupon” as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Accrued Interest upon Bond Event means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being “Accrued 
Interest upon Bond Event”.
Affected Bond has the meaning given to it in Part 2 Condition 1.4.5.
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned.
American Settlement means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “American Settlement”.
Auction Period means the number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each being a 
Quotation Day) immediately following and excluding the Third Quotation Day as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
Bond means each of the Fiduciary Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Bond Acceleration means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become due and payable before it 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a 
default, event of default, early redemption or other similar condition or event (however described in 
the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date).
Bond Change in Law Event means as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date (i) the adoption of 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any law or regulation in 
respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a court of 
competent jurisdiction).

--- Page 260 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
260
Bond Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms being the 
currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
Bond Default means in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become capable of being declared due and 
payable before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the 
occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described in the 
terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date), 
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond. 
Bond Early Redemption means in respect of a Bond (i) an early repayment at par of the Bond other 
than in accordance with its terms and conditions, (ii) an early redemption of the Bond for tax reasons 
in accordance with its terms and conditions, (iii) an early redemption of the Bond at, below or above 
par in accordance with its terms and conditions or (iv) any other early redemption and/or early 
repayment of the Bond in accordance with its terms and conditions, including, without limitation, any 
partial or total call of the Bonds by the Bond Issuer.
Bond Event means in respect of a Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent and described in 
the Bond Event Notice, the occurrence during the period from and including the First Bond Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Bond 
Acceleration, Bond Default, Bond Early Redemption, Bond Failure to Pay, Bond Governmental 
Intervention, Bond Issuer ISDA Event or Bond Restructuring, including if such Bond Event is the 
result of a Bond Change in Law Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Bond Event, such occurrence will constitute a Bond 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon:
(a)
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Bond Issuer to enter into any Bond;
(b)
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Bond;
(c)
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or
(d)
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described.
A Bond Event need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date.
Bond Event Determination Date means, in respect of a Bond Event, the day during the Notice 
Delivery Period on which a Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the 
information of the Noteholders.
Bond Event Notice means an irrevocable notice (including Succession Event Information, if any) 
that is effective during the Notice Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the 
Noteholders that describes a Bond Event that occurred on or prior to the Last Bond Event Occurrence 
Date. A Bond Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Bond Event has occurred (subject to the description therein being limited by any 
confidentiality restrictions, applicable laws, rules or regulations binding on the Fiduciary and/or the 
Calculation Agent). The Bond Event that is the subject of a Bond Event Notice need not be continuing 
on the Bond Event Determination Date. If a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information.
Bond Failure to Pay means, in respect of a Bond, the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and 
where due, any payment under a Bond, provided that such failure is not remedied on or before the 
third Business Day (included) immediately following the relevant scheduled payment date,

--- Page 261 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
261
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond at the 
time of such failure.
Bond Final Price means, in respect of a Bond, a quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Bond 
Notional Amount) obtained from Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below. The Calculation 
Agent will determine, based on the then current market practice, whether such quotations will include 
or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and all quotations will be obtained in accordance with this 
determination. The Calculation Agent will determine from the Full Quotations, the Weighted Average 
Quotation, the Partial Weighted Average Quotation or the Residual Quotation Amount (each as 
defined below), the Bond Final Price. For the avoidance of doubt, the Bond Final Price, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, is based on obtained Quotations, without any obligation by the Calculation 
Agent to actually realise any sale transaction in relation to such Quotations.  
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent 
reasonably practicable on the relevant day at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time or 11.00 a.m. 
New York time or 11.00 a.m. in any other leading market where the liquidity of such Bond may be 
better, as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent, may on 
the First Quotation Day and if applicable, on the Second Quotation Day, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether to request (i) at least one Full Quotation and/or (ii) several 
firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish a Weighted Average Quotation. 
To such end:
(i)
if the Calculation Agent obtains at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average 
Quotation on the First Quotation Day, the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of 
the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation 
Agent;
(ii)
if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least one Full Quotation or to determine a 
Weighted Average Quotation on the First Quotation Day, the Calculation Agent will attempt 
to obtain at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average Quotation on the Second 
Quotation Day, and the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of the Full Quotation(s) 
or Weighted Average Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation Agent;
(iii)
if the Calculation Agent obtains quotations for an aggregate amount lower than the Quotation 
Amount on the Second Quotation Day, then on the Third Quotation Day it will attempt to 
obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish a Partial 
Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation 
Amount. If the Calculation Agent is unable to establish on the Third Quotation Day a Partial 
Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation 
Amount, it will, until obtaining a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount 
equal to the Residual Quotation Amount, on each Quotation Day during the Auction Period, 
attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish a 
Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation 
Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, once a Partial Weighted Average Quotation is obtained 
on either the Third Quotation Day or on any Quotation Day in the Auction Period there will 
be no obligation on the Calculation Agent to seek a further Partial Weighted Average 
Quotation. The Bond Final Price will then be the weighted average of (i) the firm bid 
quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day (if any) and (ii) the Partial Weighted 
Average Quotation (if any) for the portion equal to the Residual Quotation Amount and (iii) 
the value determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
and for the avoidance of doubt this value can be zero for any remaining amount for which no 
quotation was obtained. 
Bond Final Price Accrued Interest means, in respect of a Quotation:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Price Accrued Interest” is 
stated as being “Excluding Accrued Interest”:

--- Page 262 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
262
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so that it is a 
“clean” price, excluding accrued but unpaid interest. 
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Price Accrued Interest” is 
stated as being “Including Accrued Interest”:
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so that it is a “dirty” 
or “all in” price, including accrued but unpaid interest.
Bond Final Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt 
Date, specifying:
(i)
The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination 
Date has occurred and the Bond Final Value of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event 
Determination Date has occurred each as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date;
(ii)
the Cash Redemption Amount (being the Early Redemption Amount under General 
Condition 6.5.1 (Redemption following a Bond Event Determination Date); and
(iii)
the Cash Redemption Date (being the Early Redemption Date under General Condition 6.5.1 
(Redemption following a Bond Event Determination Date).
Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later 
than the 10th Business Day following the Bond Final Value Determination Date) on which the 
Calculation Agent delivers the Bond Final Valuation Notice on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant 
Clearing Systems, for the information of the Noteholders.
Bond Final Value means, in respect of a Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date 
has occurred, either:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being 
“Fixed Recovery”:
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being 
“Floating Recovery”:
The percentage determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
(i)
the Bond Final Price; 
(ii)
plus, if any, any partial or total repayment in cash of the Bond which would have 
been paid to the holders of the Bond under the Bond as of the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a 
percentage of the Bond Notional Amount;
(iii)
plus, if any, the price (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount), 
calculated using a method similar to that used to determine the Bond Final Price, of 
any securities which would have been delivered to the holders of the Bond under the 
Bond as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(iv)
minus the Valuation Hedging Cost;

--- Page 263 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
263
(v)
minus any amount due and payable under the Bond in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Bond as in force and effect as of the Issue Date (expressed as 
a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) which is still unpaid at the Bond Final 
Value Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of zero per cent and to a maximum of 100 per 
cent.
Bond Final Value Determination Date means:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being 
“Fixed Recovery”:
The date on which the Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for 
the information of the Noteholders.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being 
“Floating Recovery”:
The date on which the Bond Final Price is calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Bond Governmental Intervention means, with respect to one or more Bonds, that any one or more 
of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation 
(or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which 
is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Bond:
(i)
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause:
(A)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);
(B)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);
(C)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; or
(D)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, 
causing the Subordination of such obligation to any other obligation of the Bond 
Issuer;
(ii)
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Bond;
(iii)
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or
(iv)
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to 
(iii) of this definition.
Bond Issuer ISDA Event means that there is a public announcement by ISDA of the occurrence of 
a Credit Event (as defined in Part 2 Condition 3) in relation to the Bond Issuer.
Bond Issuer means the Bond Issuer (or its Successor), specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Bond Notional Amount means on the Issue Date the amount as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and thereafter as such amount is adjusted pro rata the outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes.

--- Page 264 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
264
Bond Restructuring means that:
(a)
with respect to each Bond, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds any holders of such Bond (including, in each case, by way of an exchange), whether 
or not such event is expressly provided for or not under the terms of such Bond in effect as 
of the later of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date and the date as of which such Bond is 
issued or incurred:
(i)
any amount to be received by any holder of the Bond under the Bond would be 
reduced or paid in or exchanged into another form due to any Bond Change in Law 
Event;
(ii)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals initially provided for;
(iii)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates initially provided for;
(iv)
a postponement, suspension or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the 
payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium;
(v)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, 
causing the Subordination of such obligation to any other obligation of the Bond 
Issuer; 
(vi)
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to 
any other currency; or
(vii)
any variation of the terms of the Bond.
(b)
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, the following will not constitute a Bond 
Restructuring: the payment in euro of interest or principal in relation to a Bond denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union.
Breakage Cost Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as at a day 
selected by the Calculation Agent falling in the same period used to determine the Related 
Agreement Price Determination Date, and expressed as a percentage of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes, equal to the costs (if positive) or gains (if negative) of the Fiduciary in 
terminating the Securities Lending Agreement and, if any, in terminating the Collateral Transfer 
Agreement with the Related Agreement Counterparty, including the costs or gains of Societe 
Generale of unwinding any hedging arrangement(s) in relation to the refinancing of the Bond and/or 
the Collateral Assets (if any), in all cases after accounting for any related fees or expenses.
Business Days means the days specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
it means, in respect of any city, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city.
Cash Redemption Amount means the maximum of zero and an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: Specified Denomination x Max[Bond 
Final Value – Swap Agreement Price – Breakage Cost Amount: 0]. 
Cash Redemption Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being 
“American Settlement”:
The day that is four Payment Business Days following the Bond Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date.

--- Page 265 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
265
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being 
“European Settlement”: 
The later of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business 
Days following the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.
European Settlement means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “European Settlement”.
Excluding Accrued Interest means that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated 
according to paragraph (a) of the definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
Extension Date means the fourth Business Day following the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date.
First Bond Event Occurrence Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
First Quotation Day means the first day the Calculation Agent attempts to obtain Full Quotations 
(such day falling no later than 20 Business Days or the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the Bond Event Determination Date).
Fixed Recovery means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being “Fixed Recovery: [•] per cent.”.
Floating Recovery means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being “Floating Recovery”.
Full Quotation means each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal 
to the Quotation Amount.
Governmental Authority means:
(i)
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof);
(ii)
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(iii)
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or 
(iv)
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above.
Guaranteed Coupon means in respect of Repack Notes that the Accrual of Interest upon Bond 
Event in the applicable Final Terms is specified as “Guaranteed Coupon”.
Hedge Positions means as defined in General Condition 6.2.2.4 of Part 1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, provided that for the purposes of Part 2, Hedge Positions will be deemed to 
include the Intermediate Hedge Positions and Optional Hedge Positions (if any).
Including Accrued Interest means that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated 
according to paragraph (b) of the definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately preceding 
the Scheduled Maturity Date.
Maturity Date means a day that is a Payment Business Day:

--- Page 266 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
266
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being 
“American Settlement”:
In respect of Single Bond Repack Notes, the earlier of the dates set out in (i) and (ii) below:
(i)
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Maturity 
Date); or
(ii)
the Cash Redemption Date if a Bond Event Notice is delivered during the Notice 
Delivery Period.
PROVIDED THAT in respect of Single Bond Repack Notes, in the case of an Unsettled Bond 
Event, the Cash Redemption Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date and in such 
case the Maturity Date of the Notes will be the Cash Redemption Date.  
OR 
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being 
“European Settlement”: 
The later of the dates set out in paragraphs (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above.
No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being “No 
Accrued Interest upon Bond Event”.
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the 
Extension Date.
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Bond Event Notice, an irrevocable 
notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary that cites Publicly Available Information confirming 
the occurrence of the Bond Event, described in the Bond Event Notice. The notice given must contain 
a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If a Bond 
Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed 
to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information.
Partial Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in respect of 
the Third Quotation Day and, if relevant, the Auction Period, the weighted average of the firm bid 
quotation(s) requested by the Calculation Agent for the Residual Quotation Amount and obtained 
from the Quotation Dealers on the Third Quotation Day and, if relevant, during the Auction Period, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate 
are equal to or greater than the Residual Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of 
such quotations is greater than the Residual Quotation Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce 
pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid quotations 
shall be equal to the Residual Quotation Amount.   
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Bond Event, as applicable, described in the Bond Event Notice, has 
occurred and which:
(a)
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or
(b)
is information received from or published by:
(i)
a Bond Issuer (or if the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign); or

--- Page 267 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
267
(ii)
a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for a Bond; or
(c)
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; or
(d)
is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA.
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this definition is 
not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information.
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the 
party receiving such information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into 
any agreement or understanding with the Bond Issuer or any Affiliate of the Bond Issuer that would 
be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence (a) is the result 
of exceeding any applicable grace period, or (b) has met any subjective criteria specified in a Bond 
Event.
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and 
successor publications), as well as the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
Bond Issuer is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed news sources).
Quotations means a Full Quotation, a Weighted Average Quotation or a Partial Weighted Average 
Quotation, as the case may be. 
Quotation Amount means an amount equal to the Bond Notional Amount, in respect of Single Bond 
Repack Notes (for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the provisions of the Weighted Average 
Quotation, such Quotation Amount may be greater than the Bond Notional Amount).
Quotation Dealers means at least three leading dealers in bonds of the type of the Bond for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, which may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Calculation 
Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Related Agreement Price Determination Date means: 
(i)
if a Bond Event Determination Date, but no Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date, has 
occurred, the day selected by the Calculation Agent falling in the period from and including 
the Bond Event Determination Date to and including the Bond Final Value Determination 
Date but no later than the date falling 1 Business Day (as defined in “Part 1 - General 
Provisions”) prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
(ii)
if a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date has occurred, the first Business Day after such 
date on which the Calculation Agent is able, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to 
determine the Swap Agreement Price provided that in such circumstances a Related 
Agreement Price Determination Date may not occur after the Last Exceptional Event 
Occurrence Date.

--- Page 268 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
268
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Bond Event Determination Date occurs after a Repack Notes 
Exceptional Event Date, the Related Agreement Price Determination Date shall not be affected by 
such occurrence and will remain the date determined in accordance with this paragraph.  A Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event Determination Date.
Relevant Proportion means the proportion which one Note bears to the total number of Notes 
outstanding.
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.2.2.4.
Repack Note means a Note in respect of which (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are “Repack Notes” and (ii)  the General Terms and Conditions of Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions apply. 
Residual Quotation Amount means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal to 
the difference between the Quotation Amount (such Quotation Amount being subject for the purposes 
of this definition to a deemed cap of the Bond Notional Amount) and the aggregate amount of the 
firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day.
Second Quotation Day means the Business Day following the First Quotation Day.
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Single Bond Repack Note means a Repack Note indexed on one Bond for which the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause “Type of Repack Notes” is stated as being “Single Bond Repack 
Notes”.
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) 
thereof.
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
if a number is not specified, two).
Subordination means, with respect to a Bond (the Subordinated Obligation) and another obligation 
of the Bond Issuer to which such Bond is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust 
or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding 
up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the Senior Obligation are required to be satisfied prior 
to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond 
Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the 
Senior Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to 
which it is being compared (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of 
collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken 
into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be 
taken into account where the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign and (y) the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which the Bond was issued and shall not reflect any change 
to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.
succeed means, for the purposes of determining a Successor, with respect to a Bond Issuer and its 
related obligations with respect to a Bond, that a party other than such Bond Issuer assumes or 
becomes liable for such obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, 
concord, entente, pact or other agreement) and such Bond Issuer is no longer an obligor (primarily 
or secondarily) or guarantor with respect to such obligations. 
Succession Event means

--- Page 269 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
269
(a)
with respect to a Bond Issuer that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other 
similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by 
operation of law or pursuant to any agreement; or
(b)
with respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, an event such as annexation, unification, 
secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other event that results in 
any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Bond Issuer.  
Succession Event Information means information about the occurrence of a Succession Event that 
occurred on or after the issue date of the Bond with a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination of (a) the Succession Event or the change of name of the Bond Issuer 
that has occurred and (b) the identity of any Successor or, as applicable, the name of the Bond 
Issuer. Such Succession Event Information may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the 
office of the Calculation Agent, and will be notified as part of a Bond Event Notice (if any) by or on 
behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders.
Successor means with respect to a Bond, the entity who succeeds to the obligations of the Bond 
Issuer as determined by the Calculation Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes 
aware of the relevant Succession Event on the basis of Publicly Available Information. 
With respect to a Sovereign Bond Issuer, Successor means each entity which becomes a direct or 
indirect successor to such Bond Issuer by way of a Succession Event, irrespective of whether any 
such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Bond Issuer.
Swap Agreement Price means an amount, which maybe positive or negative, equal to the 
termination amount payable under the Swap Agreement (including any costs relating to hedging the 
credit risk of the Bond Issuer) in the Specified Currency (if necessary using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on such date), determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Related Agreement 
Price Determination Date, and expressed as a percentage of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes.  It will be negative if Societe Generale has to pay such amount to the Fiduciary and positive 
if the Fiduciary has to pay such amount to Societe Generale.
Third Quotation Day means the Business Day following the Second Quotation Day.
Unsettled Bond Event means, with respect to a Bond, that a Bond Event Determination Date has 
occurred prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date but the corresponding Bond Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date has not occurred on or immediately prior to the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “American 
Settlement”:
In respect of Single Bond Repack Notes, in the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Cash 
Redemption Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date and in such a case the Maturity Date 
of the Notes will be the Cash Redemption Date.  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “European 
Settlement”: 
In the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Cash Redemption Date may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and in such a case the Maturity Date of the Notes will be the Cash Redemption Date. 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Bond, the direct and duly documented cost 
(expressed in the Specified Currency of the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
relevant calculation date(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent), if any, borne by the Fiduciary, 
the Fiduciary’s hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in relation to 
the determination of the Bond Final Price, expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount.

--- Page 270 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
270
Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the weighted 
average of firm bid quotations obtained from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate are equal to or greater 
than the Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations is greater than the 
Quotation Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid 
quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid quotations shall be equal to the Quotation Amount.
3.
DEFINITIONS IN RELATION TO THE BOND ISSUER ISDA EVENT
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned.
Bankruptcy means a Bond Issuer:
(A)
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);
(B)
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due;
(C)
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective;
(D)
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof;
(E)
has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger);
(F)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets;
(G)
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter; or
(H)
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in this definition of 
Bankruptcy.
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is in the form of, 
or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt 
security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money.
Bond Issuer has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the

--- Page 271 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
271
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit).
Buyer means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation.
Confirmation means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more documents and 
other confirming evidence exchanged between the parties or otherwise effective, which taken 
together, confirm or evidence all of the terms of that Credit Derivative Transaction.
Credit Derivatives Transaction means any transaction that is identified in the related Confirmation 
as a Credit Derivative Transaction or any transaction that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
Credit Event means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more of Bankruptcy, 
Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention as specified in the related Confirmation.
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon:
(A)
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into any Obligation 
or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation;
(B)
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described;
(C)
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or
(D)
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described.
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA 
pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited 
to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event) in connection with “Credit Derivative 
Transactions” as more fully described in the DC Rules.
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation 
for the applicable Credit Derivatives Transaction (or in each case its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event).
Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit 
of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in order to convey all right, title and interest to the 
Seller as more fully described in the Definitions. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly.

--- Page 272 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
272
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50% owned, directly or indirectly, by the Bond 
Issuer.
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Bond Issuer 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Bond Issuer in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs).
Governmental Authority means:
(i)
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof);
(ii)
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(iii)
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or 
(iv)
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above.
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law 
or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, irrespective of 
whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation:
(i)
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause:
(A)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);
(B)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);
(C)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; or
(D)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation;
(ii)
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation;
(iii)
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or
(iv)
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to 
(iii) of this definition.

--- Page 273 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
273
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Bond Issuer is acting as provider of a Guarantee.
Grace Period means:
(A)
subject to paragraphs (B) and (C) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date 
as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred;
(B)
if Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, the 
Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified 
as such in the related Confirmation, or if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and
(C)
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three 
Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that; 
unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, such 
deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Termination Date.
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency.
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the 
related Confirmation and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Termination Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such 
Potential Failure to Pay. If Grace Period Extension is not specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation, Grace Period Extension shall not apply to the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction.
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation.
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not 
include any other type of Borrowed Money.
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent 
to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a 
Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this subparagraph (ii) of this definition of Multiple 
Holder Obligation.
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to 
the other party that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event 
or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is applicable to a Credit Derivative Transaction and the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information.
Notifying Party means “Buyer or Seller” unless otherwise specified in the related Confirmation.

--- Page 274 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
274
Obligation means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) of the Bond 
Issuer (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) for the payment or repayment of money 
(including, without limitation, Borrowed Money), including for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference 
Obligation.
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other 
similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations.
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated.
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations.
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation 
for the applicable Credit Derivatives Transaction (or in each case, its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as 
applicable).
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is 
also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Bond Issuer to the same single 
transferee.
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations.
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i)(a) 
of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium.
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Bond Issuer irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:
(i)
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit 
(or legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii)
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer 
can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case other than:
(a)
by payment;
(b)
by way of Permitted Transfer;

--- Page 275 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
275
(c)
by operation of law;
(d)
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or
(e)
due to:
(A)
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
“Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation; or
(B)
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer and 
such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in 
accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an 
event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of the Bond Issuer or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation.
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee:
(i)
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery 
of the Underlying Obligation; and
(ii)
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee.
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Bond Issuer in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Bond Issuer.
Reference Obligation means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the related 
Confirmation.
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as 
applicable in the related Confirmation, a Qualifying Guarantee.
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised 
officer of the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, 
in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll over 
or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard 
to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default 
Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date.
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date, (i) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is 
the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and 
(B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of 
such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates 
do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date 
shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied.

--- Page 276 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
276
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied:
(A)
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Transaction 
has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer and that such event occurred 
on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, or 
(B)
otherwise, by the delivery by the Notifying Party to the other party of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as “Not Applicable” in the related Confirmation, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar 
days after the Scheduled Termination Date.  
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either 
(i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Transaction with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer or (ii) an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Transaction has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer but that such event 
occurred after the Scheduled Termination Date.
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party 
to the other party that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is 
the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves" shall be 
construed accordingly.
Restructuring means that:
(A)
with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Bond Issuer or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Bond Issuer or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect 
of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the credit event backstop date in 
accordance with the Definitions and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred:
(1)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);
(2)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);
(3)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (b) the payment of principal or premium;
(4)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or

--- Page 277 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
277
(5)
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(B)
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (A) above, none of the following will constitute 
a Restructuring:
(1)
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;
(2)
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (ii) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion;
(3)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary 
course of business; and
(4)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Bond Issuer, provided that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above only, 
no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Bond Issuer 
is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority.
(C)
For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and Multiple Holder Obligation, the term 
Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer is 
acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (B) above shall 
continue to refer to the Bond Issuer.
(D)
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the 
terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange.
(E)
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable in the related Confirmation, 
then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, the occurrence of, agreement to or 
announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall not 
be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation.
Seller means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation.
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation 
of the Bond Issuer to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, 
trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or

--- Page 278 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
278
winding-up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied 
prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation 
will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at 
any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First 
Obligation, as more fully described in the Definitions.  
Scheduled Termination Date means the date specified as such in the related Confirmation.
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Bond Issuer’s 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or 
otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources 
of a particular tier.
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee.
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the Fiduciary in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation.
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity.

--- Page 279 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
279
PART 3 – FIDUCIARY ASSETS PROVISIONS 
This "Part 3 - Fiduciary Assets Provisions " of the General Terms and Conditions (Part 3) shall apply to all 
Series of Notes issued by the Fiduciary.
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Terms and Conditions of Part 1 – General Provisions 
and the ones of this Part 3, the General Terms and Conditions of this Part 3 shall prevail.
References in this Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions to a "Condition herein" are references to the relevant 
General Terms and Conditions of this Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the General Terms and 
Conditions.  References to a "General Condition" are to a Condition of Part 1 General Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions.
1.
DEFINITIONS 
Accelerated Note has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1 herein.
Breakage Cost Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein. 
Close-out Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.2 herein.
Collateral Arrangements Agreements has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 herein. 
Collateral Arrangement Party means the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the 
Collateral Custodian and the BNY Disposal Agent.
Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.
Collateral Assets Entitlement where "Type of Notes" is specified as "Secured Notes" and "Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 9.8 herein.
Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein. 
Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.
Collateral Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in Paris, London and Luxembourg, and any other day specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms.
Collateral Delivery Date where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.8 herein. 
Collateral Disruption Event means any of the following events:
(i)
the Related Agreement Counterparty and/or any of its affiliates considers, in its sole and 
absolute discretion that:
(a)
it is unable, as a result of any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints 
(including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, court orders, other governmental 
or regulatory constraints), adverse market conditions or a lack of liquidity in the 
market or otherwise, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (A) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to obtain Eligible 
Collateral Assets; or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transactions(s) or assets(s) or futures or option contract(s) 
or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Collateral Assets; or

--- Page 280 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
280
(b)
it would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on 
the date on which the issue of Notes is first priced) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) or other relevant cost (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any funding cost) to (A) acquire, borrow, substitute, or dispose 
of any Collateral Assets, (B) establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction entered into by the Related Agreement Counterparty 
and/or any of its affiliates in connection with the Collateral Assets or (C) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such Collateral Assets; or
(ii)
the Fiduciary is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to find a suitable 
substitute or replacement Collateral Arrangement Party following the termination of the 
relevant agreement or resignation or removal for any reason of a Collateral Arrangement 
Party; or
(iii)
at the end of any Required Settlement Period, the transfer of the relevant Collateral Assets 
has not been settled as a result of Collateral Settlement Disruption.
Collateral Liquidation Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3.1.2 herein.
Collateral Liquidation Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1 herein.
Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein.
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.
Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.
Collateral Ratio has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.
Collateral Rules has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2.1 herein.
Collateral Settlement Disruption has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 herein.
Collateral Test has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein. The Collateral Test that is 
applicable to the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Collateral Test Date means each periodic date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
any other date deemed to be a Collateral Test Date in accordance with this Part 3.
Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein. 
Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 5 herein.
Collateral Valuation Currency has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.
Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate means, unless "Predetermined Collateral Valuation 
Currency Rate of Exchange" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the exchange 
rate in respect of the Collateral Valuation Currency displayed on the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Screen Page at the Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time or, if no such Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or such Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page is not available, the Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate shall be 
the rate determined by the Collateral Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
If "Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate shall be the predetermined 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.

--- Page 281 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
281
Collateralisation Percentage has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein. 
CTA Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.
Deliver  where  "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, means, in respect of any Collateral Asset forming part of a Collateral Assets Entitlement, to 
deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of 
the applicable Collateral Asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking 
any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Collateral Asset free 
and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances. Delivery and Delivered will be 
construed accordingly.
Dispute Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.
Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.
Early Exchange Amount A has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.
Early Exchange Amount B has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.
Eligibility Criteria has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2.1.2 herein.
Eligible Collateral Assets means any assets which satisfy the Collateral Rules specified in 
Condition 3.2.1 herein including the Eligibility Criteria as  specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to the satisfaction of the following additional criteria:
(i)
the delivery or deposit of any such securities, or financial instruments to or with the Fiduciary, 
or by the Fiduciary to or with a third party, or the holding thereof by or on behalf of the 
Fiduciary would not require or cause the Fiduciary to assume, and would not subject the 
Fiduciary to, any obligation or liability (other than immaterial, non-payment obligations); and
(ii)
in the case of any security or financial instrument, it is not subject to an event of default 
(howsoever described) which is continuing on the relevant date of delivery.
Fiduciary Account has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.
Fiduciary Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1 herein.
Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein.
Fiduciary Event has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.4.1.
Fiduciary Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.
Fiduciary Securities Distribution has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.
Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.
Final Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.8 herein.
Final Required Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.
First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.
Haircut means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage amount by 
which the value of each Collateral Asset in the Collateral Pool is discounted, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as detailed in Condition 4.2.1 herein.
Initial Swap Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.

--- Page 282 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
282
Income has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.3.2 herein.
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, 
levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis (and Liabilities 
shall be construed accordingly).
Liquidation Event Redemption Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.
Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.
Loaned Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.
Margined Parties means the parties referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (i) (inclusive) of the 
definition of Standard Order of Priority (each, a Margined Party).
Multiple Series Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3.1.2 herein.
Non-Waived Notes means those Notes which are not Waived Notes
Note Market Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 herein.
Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets means, if "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the BNY Disposal Agent or the SG Disposal Agent, as 
applicable, will not cause the Collateral Assets to be sold (unless there is a Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets Disruption Event and other than in order to pay any amounts payable to the 
Margined Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of 
Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms) but instead the Collateral Custodian or the Principal 
Paying Agent, acting at the direction of the BNY Disposal Agent or the SG Disposal Agent, as 
applicable, will Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to each Noteholder in the manner set out in 
Condition 9.8 of this Part 3.
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event means if "Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any event beyond the control of the 
Fiduciary, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Principal Paying Agent, the BNY 
Disposal Agent or the SG Disposal Agent as applicable, as a result of which the relevant Clearing 
System (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) cannot Deliver some or all of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of this Part 3.
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice means a post dispute Collateral Test Notice sent by the 
Collateral Agent following the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure. A Post 
Dispute Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in the same way and shall provide the same 
information as is required to be included in a Collateral Test Notice.
Related Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.
Related Agreement Counterparty means Societe Generale unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Related Agreement Counterparty Event has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.4.2 
herein.
Removed Fiduciary Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.1.3 herein. 
Required Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.2.2 herein.

--- Page 283 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
283
Required Collateral Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4 herein.
Required Fiduciary Securities Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.2.2 herein.
Required Settlement Period has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 herein.
Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.
Single Series Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3.1.1 herein.
Standard Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.
Swap Close-out Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.2 herein.
Valuation Point means, in respect of any Collateral Test Date in respect of each Series of Notes, 
the Collateral Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Collateral Test Date, or, if a valuation 
of any Collateral Asset is not available on such date, the date of the last available date on which a 
valuation of such Collateral Asset was available. 
Waived Note means if "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
certain Noteholders intending to hold any such Note (including but not limited to, in their capacity as 
a market maker) may waive their rights by written notice to receive the proceeds of realisation of the 
Collateral Assets securing such Series of Notes (or where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) following the 
occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event. 
2.
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS AGREEMENTS
The following description of the Collateral Arrangements Agreements which the Fiduciary has 
entered into consist of a summary of provisions of the Collateral Arrangements Agreements which is 
qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of such Collateral Arrangements 
Agreements. The following summary of such Collateral Arrangements Agreements does not purport 
to be complete and prospective investors must refer to the Collateral Arrangements Agreements for 
detailed information regarding the Collateral Arrangements Agreements.
The Fiduciary has concluded a Collateral Agency Agreement, a Collateral Monitoring Agency 
Agreement, a Collateral Custody Agreement and Disposal Agency Agreements, each as defined 
below, together being referred to as the Collateral Arrangements Agreements.
2.1
Collateral Agency Agreement
Pursuant to a collateral agency agreement (the Collateral Agency Agreement) concluded between, 
inter alia, the Fiduciary and Societe Generale or any successor thereto acting as collateral agent (the 
Collateral Agent) and as note valuation agent (the Note Valuation Agent):
(i)
the Collateral Agent shall render collateral agency services to the Fiduciary with respect to 
the selection, acquisition and modification of and adjustments to the composition of the 
Collateral Assets and will calculate on the Issue Date of each Series of Notes and on each 
Collateral Test Date thereafter the Collateral Value as set out in this Part 3; and
(ii)
in case of Secured Notes or if "Notes Market Value Test" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of Repack Notes, the Note Valuation Agent will calculate 
the Note Market Value and will provide such value to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent.
Note Market Value determined by the Note Valuation Agent can differ from the "Market Value" 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with General Condition 6.2.1 and from the price 
proposed, as the case may be, by Societe Generale or any affiliate of Societe Generale or any other 
entities acting as market maker on the secondary market for a Note.

--- Page 284 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
284
2.2
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral monitoring agency agreement (the Collateral Monitoring 
Agency Agreement) between, inter alia, the Fiduciary and The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV, 
Dublin Branch acting as collateral monitoring agent or any successor thereto (the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent), the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on each Collateral Test Date, verify the 
calculations made by the Collateral Agent of the Collateral Value and the Required Collateral Assets 
Value and verify that the Collateral Test is satisfied.
2.3
Collateral Custody Agreement
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral custody agreement (the Collateral Custody Agreement) 
between, inter alia, the Fiduciary and the Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
acting as collateral custodian or any successor thereto (the Collateral Custodian), the Collateral 
Custodian will hold the Fiduciary Accounts opened in its books in the name of the Fiduciary.
2.4
Disposal Agency Agreements
Pursuant to a disposal agency agreement governed by English law (the SG Disposal Agency 
Agreement), concluded between the Fiduciary, the Collateral Custodian and Societe Generale as 
initial noteholder (the Initial Noteholder), and as disposal agent (the SG Disposal Agent), SG 
Disposal Agent will act as disposal agent up to the receipt by the SG Disposal Agent of a Collateral 
Liquidation Notice. Upon receipt by the SG Disposal Agent of a Collateral Liquidation Notice its 
appointment shall terminate forthwith. 
Pursuant to a disposal agency agreement governed by English law (the BNY Disposal Agency 
Agreement) concluded between Societe Generale as initial noteholder (the Initial Noteholder), the 
Fiduciary and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as disposal agent (the BNY Disposal 
Agent), the BNY Disposal Agent will act as disposal agent following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Liquidation Event. In such circumstances, the BNY Disposal Agent will enforce the liquidation of the 
Collateral Pool following receipt of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, and will liquidate or realize the 
Collateral Assets and distribute the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds or, in the case of Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets, deliver the Collateral Assets, to the Noteholders. 
3.
DESCRIPTION OF THE FIDUCIARY ASSETS AND RELATED CASH FLOWS
3.1
General
The Fiduciary will meet its obligations to pay the relevant amounts it is due to pay in respect of the 
Notes of each Series collateralised by a particular Collateral Pool, including, without limitation, the 
Collateral Assets held in the Fiduciary Account (as defined below) established with the Collateral 
Custodian in relation to that Collateral Pool, using the payments it receives from the obligors of the 
Fiduciary Assets and from the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Related Agreements for 
that Series. 
The Fiduciary Assets have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable under the Notes. Investors are advised that this confirmation is based on 
the information available to the Fiduciary at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be affected by 
the future performance of such assets backing the issue of the Notes. Investors are advised to review 
carefully any disclosure in the Base Prospectus together with any amendments or supplements 
thereto.
The Fiduciary Assets comprise from time to time:
(i)
the Collateral Assets;
(ii)
subject to General Condition 3.2, the rights of the Fiduciary as holder of the Collateral Assets 
and all funds relating to such Collateral Assets, sums and/or property derived therefrom or 
into which such Collateral Assets are exchanged or converted; and

--- Page 285 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
285
(iii)
all rights of the Fiduciary under the Related Agreements.
The obligors in respect of the Fiduciary Assets and the Related Agreement Counterparty are referred 
to as the Fiduciary Asset Obligors, and each a Fiduciary Asset Obligor.
3.2
Collateral Assets
Assets held in an account (a Fiduciary Account) opened in the books of the Collateral Custodian in 
the name of the Fiduciary for the purpose of holding the collateral assets comprising a Collateral Pool  
are referred to as Collateral Assets. The Collateral Assets held in a Fiduciary Account are referred 
to as the Collateral Pool.
The account number of the Fiduciary Account will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The Collateral Pool comprises from time to time the following Collateral Assets: 
(i)
the Fiduciary Securities, as defined below; 
(ii)
the CTA Collateral Assets (if any); and
(iii)
any non-invested cash and cash distributions received by the Fiduciary in respect of the 
Fiduciary Securities or CTA Collateral Assets.
Fiduciary Securities means the securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms purchased 
by the Fiduciary from the Related Agreement Counterparty on the Issue Date or by the Related 
Agreement Counterparty directly in the market in the name and for the account of the Fiduciary 
pursuant to the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement subject, where Fiduciary Securities 
Substitution is applicable, to adjustment from time to time. The Fiduciary Securities may be:
(i)
loaned by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities 
Lending Agreement and become Loaned Securities; or
(ii)
transferred with full title to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Collateral 
Transfer Agreement which may be transferred with full title by the Related Agreement 
Counterparty back to the Fiduciary pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement in order to 
collateralise the Related Agreement Counterparty’s obligation to return securities equivalent 
to the Fiduciary Securities borrowed from the Fiduciary; and
(iii)
pursuant to the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, sold back to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty or sold by the Related Agreement Counterparty directly in the 
market in the name and for the account of the Fiduciary and other Fiduciary Securities 
purchased.
In all cases, the Fiduciary Securities will comply with the Collateral Rules.
Any of such Fiduciary Securities which have been transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty 
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement or the Collateral Transfer Agreement and 
are not held in the Fiduciary Account shall continue to constitute Fiduciary Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, at any time, any Loaned Securities pursuant to the terms of the Securities 
Lending Agreement, and any Fiduciary Securities transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty 
as collateral pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement, shall not constitute Collateral 
Assets. 
CTA Collateral Assets means any Eligible Collateral Assets transferred by the Related Agreement 
Counterparty to the Fiduciary pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 286 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
286
3.2.1
Collateral Rules  
The Collateral Assets comprised in the Collateral Pool must comply with the Collateral Rules to 
constitute Eligible Collateral Assets from (and including) the time that they are first delivered to the 
Fiduciary up to (but excluding) the earlier of the Maturity Date and the Early Redemption of the Notes. 
The Collateral Rules means:
-
the General Collateral Rules,
-
the Eligibility Criteria specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
-
if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Diversification Criteria Rules.
Save as required by the Collateral Rules including the applicable Eligibility Criteria, there is no 
restriction on the identity, the general characteristics or the economic environment of the obligor, the 
governing law of such securities and the type of securities that may be held in the Collateral Account 
of the Collateral Pool from time to time.
3.2.1.1 General Collateral Rules
The Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral Pool shall comply with the following rules 
(the General Collateral Rules):
(i)
if the Collateral Assets comprise obligations of  5 or fewer obligors or are guaranteed 
by 5 or fewer persons or where an obligor or entity guaranteeing the obligations 
accounts for 20 per cent or more of the assets (which may include obligor(s) 
accounting for 20 per cent or more of the assets comprised in the Collateral Assets 
or entity(ies) guaranteeing the obligations), then all such obligors (or guarantor(s) of 
such obligors) must have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) or equivalent third 
country market or SME growth market or the obligations must be guaranteed by an 
entity admitted to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of MiFID II or 
equivalent third country market or SME growth market; 
(ii)
no Collateral Asset may be secured on or backed by real property;
(iii)
if the Collateral Assets comprise equity securities (including but not limited to, 
Exchange Traded Fund shares or units, hedge funds shares or units, mutual funds 
shares or units, options and warrants), at least 90% of such equity securities 
comprised in the Collateral Pool must be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the meaning of MiFID II or equivalent third country market or SME growth 
market; 
(iv)
the issuer or obligor of the asset shall be incorporated in an OECD member country; 
and
(v)
the issuer or obligor of the asset is a legal entity.
3.2.1.2 Eligibility Criteria
The Eligibility Criteria means any of the following eligibility criteria specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms:
(i) 
if “Type of Notes” is specified as “Repack Notes”;
-  
the Bond described in the applicable Final Terms in “Annex for Fiduciary Securities”;

--- Page 287 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
287
-
if Fiduciary Securities Substitution is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms: on the substitution, bonds (including notes, certificated debt securities and 
other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by (i) the country which issued the Bond 
or (ii) an issuer incorporated in the jurisdiction of the country which issued the Bond 
and with an equivalent Rating (as determined by the Collateral Agent in its sole 
discretion) if available or if no such equivalent Rating is available, an equivalent credit 
risk (as determined by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) and to the extent 
that the Collateral Agent determines (in its sole discretion) to be practicable issued 
by entities incorporated or resident in the same jurisdiction.  “Rating” means the 
rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody’s Investor Service, Inc., Standard 
& Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. and Fitch Ratings or any of 
them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not 
equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration; and
(ii)
if Secured Notes  or, in case of Repack Notes if the “Collateral Test” is specified as 
“Note Market Value Test”, then any of the following Eligibility Criteria, or any 
combination thereof, as specified in the Final Terms: 
Eligibility Criteria 1
Any assets that are eligible to be included in the assets of an 
Undertaking for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 2009/65/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the 
coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions 
relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities and as transposed under French law in the French 
Code Monétaire et Financier as applicable as of the Issue Date of 
the Notes). 
Eligibility Criteria 2
Any assets that are eligible to be included in the assets of an 
Undertaking for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 2009/65/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the 
coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions 
relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities and as transposed under French law in the French 
Code Monétaire et Financier as applicable as of the Issue Date of 
the Notes). Bonds with a rating lower than B-, asset backed 
securities (ABS) and non UCITS hedge funds shares, are 
excluded from the scope of the Eligible Collateral Assets.
Eligibility Criteria 3
Equities, bonds issued by issuers or guaranteed by guarantors 
with a rating higher than B-, hedge funds shares or mutual funds 
shares.
Eligibility Criteria 4
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a Governmental 
Authority with a rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned 
to the Republic of France by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, 
a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).
Eligibility Criteria 5
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a Governmental 
Authority with a rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned 
to the Republic of Italy by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a 
division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).
Eligibility Criteria 6
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a Governmental 
Authority with a rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned 
to the Republic of Spain by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a

--- Page 288 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
288
division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).
Eligibility Criteria 7
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a Governmental 
Authority with a rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned 
to the Kingdom of Belgium by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, 
a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).
Eligibility Criteria 8
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a Governmental 
Authority with a rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned 
to the United Kingdom by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a 
division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).
Eligibility Criteria 9
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a Governmental 
Authority with a rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned 
to the republic of Germany by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, 
a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).
Eligibility Criteria 10
-
Sovereign debt securities (bonds or bills) issued by the 
government of the United Kingdom; and/or, 
-
Equities comprised in the FTSE 100 Index (or its 
successor index as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
and/or, 
-
Investment grade bonds (i.e. bonds with a credit rating 
which is BBB- or higher by Standard & Poor's or Baa3 or 
higher by Moody's).
Eligibility Criteria 11
Any securities with a value reviewed on a daily basis. No specific 
diversification guidelines will be applicable. Societe Generale 
equities or Societe Generale unsecured debt instruments are not 
authorized in this pool. 
Eligibility Criteria 12
Each Fiduciary Security or bond (including notes, certificated debt 
securities and other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by (i) 
the Bond Issuer (as defined in Part 2 Condition 2) or (ii) by any 
member state of the G7 countries.
Eligibility Criteria 13
Each Fiduciary Security or bond (including notes, certificated debt 
securities and other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by (i) 
the Bond Issuer or (ii) by any member state with a long term debt 
rating equal to or higher than the rating assigned to the Bond 
Issuer by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if 
no such rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no such 
rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s). 
Eligibility Criteria 14
Eligibility Criteria 15
Cash denominated in the currency specified in the Final Terms.
Equities, bonds issued by issuers or guaranteed by guarantors 
with a rating higher than B-, asset backed securities (ABS), hedge 
funds shares or mutual funds shares.

--- Page 289 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
289
Eligibility Criteria 16
Any securities with a value reviewed on a daily basis. No specific 
diversification guidelines will be applicable. Societe Generale 
equities or Societe Generale unsecured debt instruments are not 
authorized in this pool. In case of collateralised debt instruments 
of Societe Generale or any affiliates, these collateralised debts 
instruments have the same eligibility criteria as the Eligibility 
Criterias of the Notes specified in the Final Terms.
For the purposes of the Eligibility Criterias above, Sovereign means any state or 
government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof and Governmental Authority means any de facto 
or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank).
3.2.1.3 Diversification Criteria Rules
If "Diversification Criteria Rules" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral Pool shall comply with the applicable 
Diversification Criteria Rules, as defined below, from:
(i)
in the case of "Single Series Collateral Pool" the earlier of the maturity of the relevant 
Series of Notes and early redemption of the relevant Series of Notes, or
(ii)
in the case of Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the earlier of the maturity of the last 
Series of Notes outstanding and the early redemption of that Series of Notes.
The Diversification Criteria Rules means the following diversification criteria specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
-
Diversification Criteria 1: The Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral Pool and 
linked to a single series pool or multi-series pool shall comply with the diversification 
requirements applying to the assets of an Undertaking for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities complying with UCITS IV;
- 
Diversification Criteria 2: None;
-
Diversification Criteria 3: The Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral Pool shall 
comply with any of the following limits, or any combination thereof, as specified in 
the Final Terms:

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the bonds asset type and (ii) 
the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms; 

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the corporate bonds asset type 
and (ii) the Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the sovereign bonds asset type 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type and (ii) 
the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type 
(excluding funds) and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type 
(including Exchange Traded Funds but excluding other funds) and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 290 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
290

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type 
(including Exchange Traded Funds and other mutual funds but excluding 
other funds) and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms; 

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of any Collateral Asset and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities included in an index 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities issued by any one 
Obligor and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of bond securities issued by any 
one Obligor and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of equity securities issued by any 
one Obligor and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities issued by Obligors 
(bond or equity) incorporated in the same country or the country specified in 
the Final Terms and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities denominated in the 
same currency and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
and/or

the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of cash denominated in the 
currency specified in the Final Terms and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market 
Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage 
specified in the Final Terms.
For the purpose of Diversification Criteria 3:
Market Value means, in respect of any asset, a valuation of the asset, as determined  by 
the Calculation Agent using standard market methods for the relevant asset, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. Such standard market 
methods include but are not limited to, requesting quotations for the asset from one or more 
leading dealers in the relevant market and/or using the net asset value or the aggregate 
amount that would be received by a hypothetical investor in the asset, as the case may be, 
on placement of a valid order for redemption thereof.
3.3
Pool of Collateral Assets
3.3.1
Type of Collateral Pool
A Collateral Pool may be either a Single Series Collateral Pool or a Multiple Series Collateral Pool. 
3.3.1.1 Single Series Collateral Pool
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes specify that "Single Series 
Collateral Pool" is applicable to the Series of Notes, such Series of Notes will be the only 
Series of Notes to be collateralised by the Collateral Pool (a Single Series Collateral Pool). 
3.3.1.2 Multiple Series Collateral Pool
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable 
to the relevant Series of Notes, such Series of Notes will be one of a number of Series of 
Notes to be collateralised by the same Collateral Pool (a Multiple Series Collateral Pool). 
The Series issued first and each further Series of Notes collateralised by a Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool must (i) be subject to the same method of distribution of Collateral Assets

--- Page 291 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
291
following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event (i.e. exclusively either subject to 
"Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" or not subject to "Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets), (ii) be subject to the same Collateral Rules, (iii) be subject to the same Haircut 
value(s) for each type or class of Eligible Collateral Assets, (iv) have the same Collateral 
Test Dates and Valuation Points, (v) have the same Order of Priority, pursuant to which 
amounts received by the Disposal Agent in accordance with Condition 9.4 herein should be 
applied and (vi) have specified in the applicable Final Terms the same basis for the Collateral 
Test (i.e. exclusively either subject to "Notes Market Value Test" or "Fiduciary Securities 
Value Test").
By acquiring and holding Notes in relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool the Noteholders 
are deemed to acknowledge, accept and agree that the Noteholders of different Series of 
Notes shall share rateably the rights in respect of the Collateral Assets in the Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool pursuant to the collateralisation percentage applicable to each Series.
Following the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event 
(each being a Collateral Liquidation Event), all Series of Notes collateralised by the same 
Collateral Pool would share the distribution of the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral 
Assets held in the Fiduciary Account relating to that Collateral Pool or, where "Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
delivery of the Collateral Assets contained in such Collateral Pool. 
3.3.2.
Segregation of Collateral Assets and Limited recourse and non-petition
3.3.2.1 Segregation between Collateral Pools
No Noteholder shall be entitled to have recourse to the Fiduciary Assets contained in a 
Collateral Pool other than the Collateral Pool which collateralises the Notes held by such 
Noteholder.
3.3.2.2 Limited Recourse 
By acquiring and holding Notes of a Series, Noteholders are deemed to acknowledge and 
agree that the obligations of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders are limited in recourse to the 
proceeds of the Fiduciary Assets. If:
(a)
there are no relevant Fiduciary Assets remaining which are capable of being realised 
or otherwise converted into cash;
(b)
all amounts available from the relevant Fiduciary Assets have been applied to meet 
or provide for the relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance with this Part 
3; and 
(c)
there are insufficient amounts available from the Fiduciary Assets to pay in full, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Part 3, amounts outstanding under the Notes 
(including payments of principal, premium (if any) and interest),
then the Noteholders of such Notes shall have no further claim against the Fiduciary in 
respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, payments of principal, premium (if any) and/or interest in respect of the Notes). 
3.3.2.3 Non-petition
By acquiring and holding Notes, Noteholders are deemed to acknowledge and agree that no 
Noteholder (or any person acting on its behalf) shall be entitled to take any steps or 
proceedings to procure the winding-up, administration or liquidation (or any other analogous 
proceeding) of the Fiduciary.
3.4
Description of the Related Agreements

--- Page 292 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
292
The following Description of the Related Agreements which the Fiduciary will enter into for each 
Series of Notes should be read in conjunction with the Final Terms for each Series of Notes and the 
applicable Description of the Cash Flows under the Related Agreements and together this description 
and the applicable Description of the Cash Flows under the Related Agreements and such Final 
Terms consist of an outline of certain cash flow provisions of such Related Agreements which is 
qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of such Related Agreements for each 
specific Series of Notes. The following outline of the Related Agreements does not purport to be 
complete, and prospective investors must refer to the applicable Final Terms and the relevant Related 
Agreements for detailed information regarding the Related Agreements.
Each Series of Notes will, subject to Condition 3.4.7 benefit from the Securities Sale and Purchase 
Agreement, the Swap Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement and the Collateral Transfer 
Agreement, as defined below, (referred to as the Related Agreements) and concluded between the 
Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty.
The structure of the Fiduciary Assets and the Related Agreements in respect of a Collateral Pool can 
be illustrated by the below diagram:
3.4.1
Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have entered into a master agreement 
relating to the sale and purchase of securities dated 7 November 2017 and amended and restated 
on 23 September 2019 (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement). Although the parties sign only 
one Master Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement for administrative convenience, they are 
deemed to sign separate securities sale and purchase agreements on the terms of the Master 
Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement (each, a Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement) that 
will apply identically but separately between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty 
in respect of each Collateral Pool.
3.4.1.1 Purchase of Fiduciary Securities on the Issue Date
Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, on the Issue Date of 
a Tranche of Notes, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes the Fiduciary will 
purchase the Fiduciary Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms from the 
Related Agreement Counterparty, or the Related Agreement Counterparty will purchase the 
Fiduciary Securities directly in the market in the name and for the account of the Fiduciary at 
a purchase price equal to the price of such securities agreed from time to time between the 
Fiduciary and Societe Generale in accordance with relevant standard market practice, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
3.4.1.2 Cash flows under the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement
Collateral Pool 1 (…) 
notes
cash
Noteholders
Swap Agreement
Securities Lending 
Agreement
Collateral Transfer 
Agreement 
SG Luxembourg 
acting as 
fiduciary 
Buy/Sell Fiduciary 
Securities
Or directly in the market 
in the name and for the 
account of the Fiduciary

--- Page 293 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
293
On the Issue Date, the Fiduciary will apply the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes (plus 
or minus the Initial Swap Amount (as defined in Condition 3.4.2.1 below)) in the purchase of 
the initial Fiduciary Securities as vendor pursuant to the Securities Sale and Purchase 
Agreement for a purchase price equal to the market value of such Fiduciary Securities.
3.4.1.3 Fiduciary Securities Substitution 
If "Fiduciary Securities Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Fiduciary Securities bought by the Fiduciary may be subject to adjustment from time to 
time at the option of the Fiduciary. 
In the event of substitution, the Fiduciary will sell any removed Fiduciary Securities (the 
Removed Fiduciary Securities) to the Related Agreement Counterparty, pursuant to the 
terms of the relevant Related Agreements, or the Related Agreement Counterparty will sell 
the removed Fiduciary Securities directly in the market in the name and for the account of 
the Fiduciary, at the price of such securities as determined by the Calculation Agent.
The Collateral Agent shall ensure that any subsequent Fiduciary Securities which are added 
to the Collateral Assets pursuant to a substitution shall comply with the applicable Collateral 
Rules. 
3.4.1.4 Termination of the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement
The Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement may be terminated by either Party serving 
written notice on the other. Such termination will have effect immediately upon any such 
notice being received, or deemed to be received in accordance with this agreement. 
Where any Related Agreement is terminated, the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement 
shall be automatically terminated.
Upon termination, all amounts payable by Societe Generale Luxembourg in connection with 
the Notes to Societe Generale will become immediately due and payable including, without 
limitation: 
(a)
outstanding fees, charges and commissions; 
(b)
any expenses incurred by Societe Generale in terminating these arrangements; and 
(c)
any losses and expenses realised in closing out any Transactions or settling or 
concluding outstanding obligations incurred by Societe Generale in connection with 
the Notes. 
3.4.2
Swap Agreement
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have entered into (i) an ISDA 2002 Master 
Agreement and (ii) a Schedule to the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement ((a) in respect of Repack Notes 
dated 7 November 2017 and (b) in respect of Secured Notes, dated 29 November 2017), each 
governed by English law (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
modified from time to time) together the ISDA Agreement). References in Part 1 and Part 2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions to the ISDA Agreement should be interpreted accordingly in respect 
of Repack Notes and Secured Notes. 
Although the parties sign only one ISDA Agreement for administrative convenience, they are deemed 
to sign separate ISDA master agreements on the terms of the ISDA Agreement (a Deemed ISDA 
Agreement) that will apply identically (unless otherwise specified in a Swap Confirmation as defined 
below) but separately between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty in respect of 
each Collateral Pool. The Fiduciary shall enter into one or more swap transactions (each a Swap 
Transaction) with Societe Generale in its capacity as the Related Agreement Counterparty by the 
execution of swap confirmations under the Deemed ISDA Agreement (each a Swap Confirmation,

--- Page 294 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
294
and all Swap Confirmations, together with the ISDA Agreement, are referred to herein as the Swap 
Agreement).
The Swap Agreement will be deemed to be entered into between the Fiduciary and the Related 
Agreement Counterparty on the date on which the first Series of Notes collateralised by the relevant 
Collateral Pool is issued.
Each Swap Transaction will be entered into in order to allow the Fiduciary to exchange certain 
cashflows received by, or to the order of, the Fiduciary in respect of the Collateral Assets for amounts 
needed by the Fiduciary to meet its obligations under each Series of Notes. 
The Swap Agreement relating to a Collateral Pool will terminate on the Maturity Date of the Notes 
(and in case of Multiple Series Collateral Pool, it will terminate on the Maturity Date of the last Series 
of Notes) (the Scheduled Swap Termination Date) unless terminated earlier in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement.
3.4.2.1 Cash flows under the Swap Agreement
The payments to be made by the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty 
pursuant to each Swap Transaction entered into under the Swap Agreement relating to a 
single Series of Notes (in the case of a Single Series Collateral Pool) or multiple Series of 
Notes (in the case of a Multiple Series Collateral Pool) may include, without limitation: 
(i) 
on the Issue Date, the Fiduciary will pay to the Related Agreement Counterparty, or 
the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary, an amount equal to 
the Initial Swap Amount;
Initial Swap Amount means an amount equal to either:
(a)
the excess of the aggregate proceeds of the issuance of the Notes over the 
aggregate purchase price of all the Fiduciary Securities, which will be 
payable by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty; or 
(b) 
the excess of the aggregate purchase price of all the Fiduciary Securities 
over the aggregate proceeds of the issuance of the Notes, which will be 
payable by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary.
(ii) 
no later than 2 business days after each Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date, the 
Fiduciary will pay to the Related Agreement Counterparty amounts equal to the 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution (as defined below);
Fiduciary Securities Distribution means:
(a) 
in the case of Repack Notes, an amount in respect of the Fiduciary 
Securities, whether in respect of interest, coupon or other sums analogous 
to interest (other than payments of principal) in accordance with the terms 
of the Fiduciary Securities in force as at the Trade Date (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) that the Fiduciary would have received on the relevant 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date as if it were the holder of the Fiduciary 
Securities as of the date that entitled a holder of the Fiduciary Securities to 
such Fiduciary Securities Distribution, regardless of whether Fiduciary 
Security is held in the Fiduciary Account or has been delivered to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
in the case of Secured Notes, an amount in respect of the Fiduciary 
Securities equal to 100% of the cash dividend, interest, coupon and/or any 
other amount (including payments of principal) that the Fiduciary would have 
received as holder of each such Fiduciary Security pursuant  to the terms 
and conditions of each such Fiduciary Security as at the Issue Date or at the

--- Page 295 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
295
time of its acquisition, and after deduction of any applicable tax, duty, 
withholding or other deduction which is applicable as at the date of payment 
during the period from the Issue Date, multiplied by the Series Factor (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement), regardless of whether each such Fiduciary 
Security is held in the Fiduciary Account or has been delivered to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending 
Agreement. 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date means, for the period from and including 
the Effective Date to and including the Termination Date (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement), each day on which the Fiduciary would receive a Fiduciary Securities 
Distribution;
(iii) 
on or before the relevant payment date under the Notes, the Related Agreement 
Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary any Interest Amount and/or Instalment 
Amount;
(iv)
if a substitution to the Fiduciary Securities is to be effected, as described in Condition 
3.4.1.3 herein, an amount shall be payable by the Fiduciary to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty or by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary 
(as the case may be) as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(v)
in the case of Secured Notes, if an Optional Redemption Date occurs in respect of 
all or some of the Notes or if the Notes fall for redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
following a Special Event:
(a)
in the case of the redemption of all (but not some) of the Notes, the Fiduciary 
will deliver the Fiduciary Securities (or, in the case of the early redemption 
of some but not all of the Notes, a pro rata proportion of the Fiduciary 
Securities) (or the proceeds of the redemption thereof) to or to the order of 
the Related Agreement Counterparty (the Early Exchange Amount B); and
(b)
the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary amounts equal 
to the sum of (x) in the event of an Optional Redemption Date, the aggregate 
Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes being redeemed or, in the event 
of a Special Event, the aggregate Early Redemption Amount of the Notes 
being redeemed and (y) all costs and expenses incurred by the Fiduciary in 
connection with the early redemption of such Notes (the Early Exchange 
Amount A); and
(vi)
on the Scheduled Maturity Date,
(a) 
in the case of Repack Notes, either:
(i)
the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary the 
excess of the aggregate Final Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of the Notes, together with costs and expenses incurred by 
the Fiduciary in connection with such redemption, over the number 
of Notes then outstanding multiplied by the Specified Denomination; 
or
(ii)
the Fiduciary will pay to the Related Agreement Counterparty the 
excess of the number of Notes then outstanding multiplied by the 
Specified Denomination over the aggregate Final Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of the Notes, together with all costs and 
expenses incurred by the Fiduciary in connection with such 
redemption.
(b)
in the case of Secured Notes:

--- Page 296 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
296
(i)
the Fiduciary will liquidate the Fiduciary Securities and will pay the 
proceeds of such liquidation to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty; and 
(ii)
the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary an 
amount equal to the aggregate Final Redemption Amount payable 
in respect of the Notes together with all costs and expenses incurred 
by the Fiduciary in connection with the redemption of such Notes.
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from 
Series to Series depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed 
between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty at the time of entry into the 
relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the payments that may be agreed. 
Other than in circumstances where a Fiduciary Event has occurred with respect to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty, all determinations and calculations (if any) required to be 
made by the Fiduciary pursuant to the Swap Agreement shall be made by the Related 
Agreement Counterparty on behalf of the Fiduciary. Upon the occurrence of a Fiduciary 
Event where the Related Agreement Counterparty is the Defaulting Party, calculations will 
be made by the Fiduciary or a third party appointed by the Fiduciary to do so.
3.4.2.2 Events of default
In respect of Secured Notes and Repack Notes, the occurrence at any time of any of the 
following events shall constitute an event of default under the Swap Agreement:
(i)
failure by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty to make, when due, 
any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement required to be made by it if not 
remedied within the time period specified therein;
(ii)
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement 
Counterparty;
(iii)
breach by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty of their respective 
obligations under the Swap Agreement;
(iv)
representations made by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty 
under the Swap Agreement proven to be inaccurate;
(v)
a merger without assumption under the ISDA Agreement; 
(vi)
default by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Securities 
Lending Agreement;
(vii)
occurrence of a Fiduciary Event pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
for the purpose of which the Fiduciary shall be the defaulting party (other than a 
Fiduciary Event constituted by the termination of the Swap Agreement as a result of 
an event of default under the Swap Agreement where the Fiduciary is the defaulting 
party); and
(viii)
occurrence of an event of default (howsoever defined in the Related Agreements 
other than in the Swap Agreement) in respect of which the Related Agreement 
Counterparty is the defaulting party.
The occurrence of any of the above mentioned events of default under the Swap Agreement 
shall constitute: 
-
a Fiduciary Event, if the Fiduciary is the defaulting party; or

--- Page 297 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
297
-
a Related Agreement Counterparty Event if the Related Agreement Counterparty is 
the defaulting party. 
If a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event occurs:
(i) 
the Early Termination Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement) shall be the date on 
which a Collateral Liquidation Notice is given by the Fiduciary; and 
(ii) 
the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty may be obliged to pay to the 
other party:
(a)
in the case of Repack Notes, the Early Termination Amount (as defined in 
the Swap Agreement) pursuant to Section 6(e) of the ISDA Agreement 
(which will be calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by 
the party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic 
equivalent of) the rights and obligations that have been terminated, or the 
gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as 
the Close-out Amount)). The Early Termination Amount shall be calculated 
as soon as reasonably practicable after the Collateral Liquidation Notice 
Receipt Date and in any event not later than the Breakage Cost Valuation 
Date; and
(b)
in the case of Secured Notes, the Early Termination Amount (being the 
Swap Close-out Amount as defined below). The Swap Close-out Amount 
shall be calculated on the Breakage Cost Valuation Date and be paid (i) 
immediately thereafter by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the 
Fiduciary if positive, or (ii) promptly thereafter but not later than the 
Liquidation Event Redemption Date (as defined in Condition 9.4 below) by 
the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty if negative. Swap 
Close-out Amount means an amount equal to (i) the Early Redemption 
Amount of all Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool minus (ii) 
the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds of the relevant Collateral Pool as 
reduced by the payment of amounts to Margined Parties ranking prior to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty. The Swap Close-out Amount so 
calculated shall be expressed as (i) a positive amount if due from the 
Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary or (ii) a negative amount 
if due from the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty. 
3.4.2.3 Termination Events
The Swap Agreement provides for:
(i) 
in the case of Secured Notes, a Special Event (which includes a Related Agreement 
Termination Event); and
(ii) 
in the case of Repack Notes (a) a Special Event (which includes a Related 
Agreement Termination Event) and (b) a Bond Event Determination Date,
to be an additional "Termination Event" (as defined in the Swap Agreement), the occurrence 
of which may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement.
A Related Agreement Termination Event includes the following Termination Events under 
the ISDA Agreement:
(i)
the occurrence of certain illegality, force majeure events as defined in the ISDA 
Agreement; 
(ii)
if sums received under the relevant Swap Agreement are subject to a withholding or 
a deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result 
of a change in tax law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a

--- Page 298 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
298
court after the entry into the relevant Swap Agreement, being a tax event under the 
ISDA Agreement;
(iii)
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Agreement are subject to a 
withholding or a deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with 
respect to the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty, being a tax event 
upon merger under the ISDA Agreement; and
(iv)
the creditworthiness of the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty is 
materially weaker following its merger with another entity or certain other 
reorganisation events, being a credit event upon merger under the ISDA Agreement.
In the case of Secured Notes, the occurrence of:
(i)
a Special Event (which includes a Related Agreement Termination Event); or 
(ii)
a “Trigger redemption at the option of the Fiduciary” in accordance with General 
Condition 6.3.6 (a Trigger Redemption), 
may result in the termination (in whole or in part depending on the relevant General Condition 
in relation to such event) of the Swap Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify the 
parties of the occurrence of such event and specify a date for termination (in whole or in part 
depending on the relevant General Condition) of the Swap Agreement in such notice. The 
Early Termination Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement) shall be the date specified by 
the Calculation Agent in such notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Swap 
Agreement, payments by the Related Agreement Counterparty and the Fiduciary of 
respectively, the Early Exchange Amount A (as defined above) and the Early Exchange 
Amount B (as defined above) on the Early Redemption Date of the Notes, pursuant to the 
terms of the Swap Agreement, shall discharge each of the Related Agreement Counterparty 
and the Fiduciary to pay any Early Termination Amount due under the ISDA Agreement. 
In the case of Repack Notes, the occurrence of:
(i)
a Special Event (which includes a Related Agreement Termination Event); 
(ii)
a Trigger Redemption (as defined above); or
(iii)
a Bond Event Determination Date,
may result in the termination (in whole or in part depending on the relevant General Condition 
in relation to such event) of the Swap Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify the 
parties of the occurrence of such event and specify a date for termination (in whole or in part 
depending on the relevant General Condition) of the Swap Agreement in such notice. The 
Early Termination Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement) shall be the date specified by 
the Calculation Agent in such notice. Upon such termination, the Fiduciary or the Related 
Agreement Counterparty may be obliged to pay an early termination amount which will be 
the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) pursuant to Section 6(e) 
of the ISDA Agreement (which will be calculated by reference to the costs that would be 
incurred by the party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic 
equivalent of) the rights and obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be 
made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as the "Close-out Amount")).  The Early 
Termination Amount shall (a) in the case of a Special Event or a Trigger Redemption be 
calculated in accordance with the timing provisions of the Swap Agreement and (b) in the 
case of a Bond Event Determination Date, be calculated on the Related Agreement Price 
Determination Date.
3.4.2.4 Purchase and cancellation of the Notes
The Fiduciary may from time to time purchase and cancel all or some of the Notes of a Series 
in accordance with General Conditions 13.3 and 13.4. In a case of a partial purchase and

--- Page 299 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
299
cancellation, a pro-rata proportion of the Swap Agreement will terminate and an amount will 
be payable by one party to the other equal to the mark-to-market value of such portion of the 
Swap Agreement so terminated.
3.4.3
Securities Lending Agreement
The Fiduciary (acting as Lender) and the Related Agreement Counterparty (acting as Borrower) 
have entered into (i) a Global Master Securities Lending Agreement (January 2010 version) and (ii) 
a Schedule to the Global Master Securities Lending Agreement (January 2010 version) (in respect 
of (a) Repack Notes dated 7 November 2017 and amended and restated on 3 April 2019 and (b) 
Secured Notes dated 29 November 2017 and amended and restated on 12 December 2018) each 
governed by English law (such agreement as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
modified from time to time), together the GMSLA Agreement. References in the General Terms and 
Conditions to the GMSLA Agreement should be interpreted accordingly in respect of Repack Notes 
and Secured Notes. 
Although the parties sign only one GMSLA Agreement for administrative convenience, they are 
deemed to sign separate securities lending agreements on the terms of the GMSLA Agreement (a 
Deemed Securities Lending Agreement or Securities Lending Agreement) that will apply 
identically but separately between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty in respect 
of each Collateral Pool. 
The Fiduciary may enter into one or more securities lending transactions with Societe Generale in its 
capacity as the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Deemed Securities Lending Agreement.
Each Securities Lending Agreement will be entered into in order to grant the Related Agreement 
Counterparty the option to borrow Fiduciary Securities from the Fiduciary from time to time during 
the term of the Notes. The Securities Lending Agreement will be deemed to be entered into between 
the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty on the date on which the first Series of Notes 
collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool is issued.
In the case of a Series of Notes collateralised by a Single Series Collateral Pool, there will be a single 
Securities Lending Agreement in respect of such Series.
In the case of multiple Series of Notes collateralised by the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool, 
there will be a single Securities Lending Agreement in respect of all such Series.
3.4.3.1 Loans of Fiduciary Securities
Pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement, the Related Agreement Counterparty will 
have the right to, from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Securities Lending 
Deadline, borrow (for a period ending no later than the Securities Lending End Date) some 
or all of the securities comprising the Fiduciary Securities held by the Fiduciary (which 
transaction will constitute a "Loan" as defined in and for the purposes of the Securities 
Lending Agreement). If the Related Agreement Counterparty borrows Fiduciary Securities 
from the Fiduciary, title to the relevant Loaned Securities will be transferred to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty free from all liens, charges and encumbrances. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Related Agreement Counterparty shall not be obliged to retain legal and/or 
beneficial ownership of any Loaned Securities and the Related Agreement Counterparty 
shall be free to deal with the Loaned Securities in any manner which it thinks fit including, 
without limitation, disposing of all or any of such Loaned Securities or any of its rights with 
respect thereto, to one or more third parties.
The Related Agreement Counterparty may terminate a Loan at any time and deliver 
securities equivalent to the relevant Loaned Securities (Equivalent Securities) to the 
Fiduciary. For the purposes of the Securities Lending Agreement, Equivalent or equivalent 
to means, in relation to any Loaned Securities, securities or other property, of an identical 
type, nominal value, description and amount to such Loaned Securities so provided or, in the 
case of redemption, a sum of money equivalent to the proceeds of the redemption.

--- Page 300 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
300
Securities Lending Deadline means the day which is two Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series.
Securities Lending End Date means, in respect of a Collateral Pool, either:
(i)
where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, the day which is one Business 
Day prior to the earlier of (a) the Maturity Date of the relevant Series, and (b) the 
date on which all outstanding Notes are redeemed in full and no Notes remains 
outstanding other than following the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or Related 
Agreement Counterparty Event, or
(ii)
where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, the day which is one Business 
Day prior to the earlier of (a) the final Maturity Date of the Notes of each Series 
collateralised by the Multiple Series Collateral Pool, and (b) the date on which all 
outstanding Notes of each Series collateralised by the Multiple Series Collateral Pool 
are redeemed in full and no Notes remains outstanding, other than following the 
occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or Related Agreement Counterparty Event.
If a Fiduciary Securities Substitution is to be effected in respect of which any of the Removed 
Fiduciary Securities have been loaned by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement and so constitute Loaned 
Securities, then the date on which such Fiduciary Securities Substitution takes effect will be 
deemed to be the Securities Lending End Date. 
The Fiduciary Securities may be loaned by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement and become Loaned Securities; 
or transferred with full title to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Collateral 
Transfer Agreement and may be transferred with full title by the Related Agreement 
Counterparty back to the Fiduciary pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement, in order 
to collateralise the Related Agreement Counterparty’s obligation to return securities 
equivalent to the Fiduciary Securities borrowed from the Fiduciary.
Any of such Fiduciary Securities which have been transferred to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement or the Collateral 
Transfer Agreement and are not held in the Fiduciary Account shall continue to constitute 
Fiduciary Securities. 
3.4.3.2 Income on the Loaned Securities
Where the term of a Loan extends over an Income record date in respect of any Loaned 
Securities, the Related Agreement Counterparty shall, on the date such Income is paid by 
the obligor in respect of such Loaned Securities, pay or deliver to the Fiduciary a sum of 
money or property equivalent to (and in the same currency as) the type and amount of such 
Income that would be received by the Fiduciary in respect of such Loaned Securities 
assuming such Loaned Securities were not loaned to the Related Agreement Counterparty 
and were retained by the Fiduciary on the Income record date.
Income means any interest, coupons, dividends or other distributions of any kind whatsoever 
with respect to any Loaned Securities.
3.4.3.3 Exercise of voting rights
Where any voting rights fall to be exercised in relation to any Loaned Securities, the Related 
Agreement Counterparty shall have no obligation to arrange for such voting rights to be 
exercised in accordance with the instructions of the Fiduciary.
3.4.3.4 Cash flows under the Securities Lending Agreement
Where the term of a Loan extends over an income record date in respect of any Loaned 
Securities, the Related Agreement Counterparty shall, on the date such income is paid by

--- Page 301 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
301
the obligor in respect of such Loaned Securities, pay or deliver to the Fiduciary a sum of 
money or property equivalent to (and in the same currency as) the type and amount of such 
Income that would be received by the Fiduciary in respect of such Loaned Securities 
assuming such Loaned Securities were not loaned to the Related Agreement Counterparty 
and were retained by the Fiduciary on the income record date.
Income means any interest, coupons, dividends or other distributions of any kind whatsoever 
with respect to any Loaned Securities.
3.4.3.5 Events of default
The occurrence at any time of any of the following events shall constitute an event of default 
under the Securities Lending Agreement:
(i)
failure by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty to make, when due, 
any payment (including Income) or delivery under the Securities Lending Agreement 
required to be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein;
(ii)
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement 
Counterparty;
(iii)
warranties made by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty under the 
Securities Lending Agreement proven to be incorrect/untrue in any material respect;
(iv)
the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty unable to/intends not to 
perform any of its obligations under the Securities Lending Agreement or in respect 
of a Loan where such failure would, with the service of notice or lapse of time, 
constitute a Fiduciary Event;
(v)
all or material part of assets of the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty 
being transferred to a trustee (or a person exercising similar functions) by a 
regulatory authority pursuant to any legislation;
(vi)
the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty being declared in default or 
being suspended or expelled from membership or participation in any securities 
exchange or suspended or prohibited from dealing in securities by any regulatory 
authority, on grounds that it has failed to meet any requirements relating to financial 
resources or credit rating;
(vii)
breach by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty of any of their other 
respective obligations under the Securities Lending Agreement if not remedied 
within the time period specified therein;
(viii)
occurrence of a Fiduciary Event pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(other than a Fiduciary Event constituted by the termination of the Securities Lending 
Agreement as a result of an event of default under the Securities Lending Agreement 
where the Fiduciary is the defaulting party), for the purposes of which the Fiduciary 
shall be the defaulting party; and
(ix)
occurrence of an event of default under a Related Agreement (other than a Fiduciary 
Event constituted by the termination of the Securities Lending Agreement as a result 
of an event of default under this Agreement where the Related Agreement 
Counterparty is the defaulting party) for the purposes of which the Related 
Agreement Counterparty shall be the defaulting party.
The occurrence of any of the above mentioned events of default under the Securities Lending 
Agreement shall constitute:
-
a Fiduciary Event if the Fiduciary is the defaulting party; or

--- Page 302 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
302
-
a Related Agreement Counterparty Event, if the Related Agreement Counterparty is 
the defaulting party.
If an event of default under the Securities Lending Agreement occurs:
(i)
there shall be no further payments or deliveries pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities Lending Agreement;
(ii) 
the Related Agreement Counterparty shall have no further obligation to redeliver 
Loaned Securities or Equivalent Securities; and 
(iii)
(a) 
in the case of Repack Notes, a termination amount (as described below) 
may become payable from the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty or from the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of Secured Notes, no termination amount shall be payable to or 
from either party pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement.
All calculations in respect of the termination amount payable in respect of Repack Notes 
shall be made by the Calculation Agent except in the case of a Related Agreement 
Counterparty Event. If a Related Agreement Counterparty Event has occurred, all 
calculations will be made by the Fiduciary or a third party appointed by the Fiduciary to do 
so.  
The termination amount payable in such circumstance for Repack Notes shall either be: 
(i)
the excess value of the Loan Securities which have been transferred to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement over the 
value of the Eligible Collateral Assets which have been transferred to the Fiduciary 
pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement, which shall be payable by the 
Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary; or 
(ii)
the excess value of the Eligible Collateral Assets which have been transferred to the 
Fiduciary pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement over the value of the Loaned 
Securities which have been transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty 
pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement, which shall be payable by the 
Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty.
3.4.3.6 Termination
The Securities Lending Agreement provides for the termination of the Securities Lending 
Agreement including, without limitation, upon the occurrence of the following:
(i) 
the Securities Lending End Date; 
(ii) 
the Notes are purchased or the Notes become due and payable in full or in part 
(including in the case of Repack Notes upon the occurrence of a Bond Event 
Determination Date), other than upon termination of the Agreement as a result of the 
occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event; and
(iii) 
the occurrence of a tax event.
In the case of a termination pursuant to the above events (excluding in the case of Collateral 
Liquidation Event and, for Repack Notes, a Bond Event Determination Date), the Related 
Agreement Counterparty will redeliver all Loaned Securities or Equivalent Securities or the 
relevant proportion thereof in the case of a partial redemption of Notes relating to Loaned

--- Page 303 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
303
Securities which had previously been delivered to it pursuant to the terms of the Securities 
Lending Agreement. Upon transfer of such Equivalent Securities by the Related Agreement 
Counterparty to the Fiduciary, such Equivalent Securities will constitute Fiduciary Securities.
In such circumstances, no termination amount shall become payable to or from either party 
pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement.
In the case of Repack Notes, if there is a termination of the Securities Lending Agreement 
pursuant to a Bond Event Determination Date, the Related Agreement Counterparty shall 
redeliver all Loaned Securities or Equivalent Loaned Securities relating to the Loaned 
Securities which has been delivered to it pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending 
Agreement.  Upon such early termination, (i) the Calculation Agent shall calculate the costs 
or gains of the Fiduciary relating to such termination (which shall include any cash or gains 
incurred by the Related Agreement Counterparty of unwinding any hedging arrangement(s) 
in relation to the refinancing of the relevant Bond and/or Collateral Assets) and (ii) (a) the 
Related Agreement Counterparty shall pay an amount equal to such costs (if any) to the 
Fiduciary or (b) the Fiduciary will pay an amount equal to such gain to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty.
3.4.4
Collateral Transfer Agreement
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have entered into a master collateral transfer 
agreement governed by English law dated 27 April 2016, as amended and restated on 7 November 
2017 (such agreement, as further amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the Master Collateral Transfer Agreement). 
Although the parties signed only one Master Collateral Transfer Agreement for administrative 
convenience, they are deemed to sign separate collateral transfer agreements on the terms of the 
Master Collateral Transfer Agreement (each, a Deemed Collateral Transfer Agreement or 
Collateral Transfer Agreement) that will apply identically but separately between the Fiduciary and 
the Related Agreement Counterparty in respect of each Collateral Pool. The Fiduciary shall enter 
into one or more Collateral Transfer Agreements with Societe Generale in its capacity as the Related 
Agreement Counterparty.
In the case of a Series of Notes collateralised by a Single Series Collateral Pool, there will be a single 
Collateral Transfer Agreement in respect of such Series. The Collateral Transfer Agreement will be 
deemed to be entered into between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty on the 
date on which the first Series of Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool is issued.
In the case of multiple Series of Notes collateralised by the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool, 
there will be a single Collateral Transfer Agreement in respect of all such Series.
3.4.4.1 Transfer of CTA Collateral Assets
In order to ensure that a Series of Notes relating to a Single Series Collateral Pool is 
collateralised in accordance with its terms or that all Series of Notes relating to a Multiple 
Series Collateral Pool are collateralised in each case in accordance with their terms, the 
Collateral Assets will be subject to adjustment on each Collateral Test Date in accordance 
with Condition 5 herein. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the Related Agreement 
Counterparty may be required to transfer Eligible Collateral Assets to the Fiduciary, and the 
Fiduciary may be required to transfer Fiduciary Securities to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty in order to collateralise the obligations of the Fiduciary and the Related 
Agreement Counterparty under:
(i)
both the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement in relation to 
Secured Notes or Repack Notes for which the applicable Collateral Test is Notes 
Market Value Test; and

--- Page 304 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
304
(j)
the Securities Lending Agreement only in relation to Repack Notes for which the 
applicable Collateral Test is Fiduciary Securities Value Test.
3.4.4.2 Income on CTA Collateral Assets
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the Fiduciary will pay or deliver 
to the Related Agreement Counterparty amounts equal to each amount of principal, interest, 
coupon, dividend, income or other property distributed in respect of any CTA Collateral 
Assets.
The Related Agreement Counterparty will pay or deliver to the Fiduciary amounts equal to 
each amount of principal, interest, coupon, dividend, income or other property distributed in 
respect of any Fiduciary Security transferred to it by the Fiduciary pursuant to the terms of 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement.
3.4.4.3 Exercise of voting rights
Where any voting rights fall to be exercised in relation to any CTA Collateral Assets, the 
Related Agreement Counterparty and or the Fiduciary, as the case may be, shall have no 
obligation to arrange for such voting rights to be exercised in accordance with the instructions 
of the other Party.
3.4.4.4 Termination of the Collateral Transfer Agreement
This Collateral Transfer Agreement will terminate:
(i)
where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, on the Maturity Date of the Notes; 
or
(ii)
where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, on the final Maturity Date of the 
Notes of each Series collateralised by the Multiple Series Collateral Pool.
On the date of such termination, the Required Collateral Assets Value will reduce to zero and 
either (i) all CTA Collateral Assets held by the Fiduciary will be redelivered to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty, or (ii) all Fiduciary Securities transferred by the Fiduciary to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to this Collateral Transfer Agreement will be 
redelivered to the Fiduciary.
3.4.5
Netting of Payments
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have agreed that, if on any date (including 
any early termination date but excluding any early termination following the occurrence of a Fiduciary 
Event or Related Agreement Counterparty Event) amounts would otherwise be payable in the same 
currency or, if "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, equivalent securities would be deliverable by each of them to the other under the Related 
Agreements, then, on such date:
(i)
subject to (ii) and (iii) below, the Fiduciary’s and the Related Agreement Counterparty’s 
respective obligations to make payment of any such amounts and/or delivery of any such 
securities will be automatically satisfied and discharged; 
(ii)
if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by the Fiduciary or the 
Related Agreement Counterparty exceeds the aggregate amount that would otherwise have 
been payable to it by the other party, the Fiduciary’s and the Related Agreement 
Counterparty’s respective payment obligations will be replaced by an obligation upon 
whichever of the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty who would have been 
obliged to pay the larger amount, to pay to the other party, the excess of the larger aggregate 
amount over the smaller aggregate amount; and

--- Page 305 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
305
(iii) 
if "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, securities would be deliverable; and if the number of such securities that would 
otherwise have been deliverable by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty 
exceeds the number of such securities that would otherwise have been deliverable to it by 
the other party, the Fiduciary’s and the Related Agreement Counterparty’s respective 
delivery obligations will be replaced by an obligation upon whichever of the Fiduciary and the 
Related Agreement Counterparty who would have been obliged to deliver the larger number 
of such securities, to deliver to the other party, the excess of the larger number of such 
securities over the smaller number of such securities.
3.4.6
Taxation under the Related Agreements
Neither the Fiduciary nor the Related Agreement Counterparty is obliged under the Related 
Agreements to gross up any payment to be made under the Related Agreements if withholding taxes 
are imposed on or after the Issue Date of a Series of Notes.
Notwithstanding the above, if "Type of Notes" is specified as "Repack Notes" in the relevant Final 
Terms, in relation to the Securities Lending Agreement and the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the 
imposition of such withholding taxes on or after the Issue Date of a Series of Notes may lead to the 
early termination of the Related Agreements, which event would constitute a "Related Agreement 
Termination Event" for the purposes of General Condition 6.3.5 with respect to the Notes of the 
relevant Series, causing such Notes to become subject to early redemption at the applicable Early 
Redemption Amount. 
3.4.7
Related Agreement Counterparty Transfer Right
The Related Agreement Counterparty is entitled to transfer (the Transfer Right) all of its rights and 
obligations under the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement to a replacement 
counterparty (the Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty) which is a financial institution 
incorporated in the European Economic Area, the United States of America or Japan and which has 
a long term credit rating from at least two of Fitch, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s which is at least 
equal to the long term credit rating of Societe Generale at the date on which the Transfer Right is 
exercised. 
If the Related Agreement Counterparty exercises the Transfer Right, the Fiduciary shall be entitled 
to agree such modifications to (i) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or (ii) any of the 
Transaction Documents as it considers necessary or desirable to allow the Replacement Related 
Agreement Counterparty to accede to, or otherwise take the benefit of, those Transaction 
Documents, and by subscribing for or acquiring Notes, Noteholders shall be deemed to have 
acknowledged such right of the Fiduciary and agreed thereto. 
Following exercise of the Transfer Right, all references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
the “Related Agreement Counterparty” shall be construed as being references to the relevant 
Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty, and references to any Related Agreement shall be 
construed as being references to the relevant agreement as novated or otherwise transferred to the 
Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty.
There are no restrictions on when Societe Generale is entitled to exercise the Transfer Right and 
Societe Generale may do so in circumstances which are adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to veto or otherwise prohibit any exercise of the Transfer Right and 
none of the Fiduciary, Societe Generale or any other person shall be liable to any Noteholder which 
suffers any loss following exercise of the Transfer Right, and by subscribing for or acquiring Notes, 
Noteholders shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed thereto. 
The Fiduciary shall notify Noteholders of any exercise of the Transfer Right as soon as reasonably 
practicable.
4.
VALUATION AND CALCULATION RELATING TO COLLATERAL ASSETS

--- Page 306 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
306
4.1
Valuation of Collateral Assets
In order to ensure that a Series of Notes is collateralised in accordance with its terms, on each 
Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Agent will verify that (i) the Collateral Assets comply with the 
Collateral Rules, and (ii) the Collateral Assets Value (as defined below) in relation to a Collateral Pool 
will be at least equal to the Required Collateral Assets Value. 
If any Collateral Asset (or portion thereof) ceases to comply with the Collateral Rules at any time, 
such asset (or portion thereof, as applicable, the Ineligible Asset) may be retained in the Fiduciary 
Account but shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be deemed not to be a Collateral Asset (and so 
consequently be deemed to have zero value) for the purposes of determining the Collateral Assets 
Value for so long as such asset (or portion thereof) is an Ineligible Asset. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any Ineligible Assets in the Fiduciary Account at the time of a Collateral Liquidation Event 
shall constitute Collateral Assets for the purposes of Condition 9.2 herein.
4.2
Calculations and determinations
In relation to the Collateral Pool, on each Collateral Test Date:
(i)
the Collateral Agent will determine the Collateral Assets Value pursuant to the terms of the 
Collateral Agency Agreement; and
(ii)
the Collateral Monitoring Agent will verify the calculation made by the Collateral Agent of the 
Collateral Assets Value pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Monitoring Agency 
Agreement.
4.2.1
The Collateral Test 
On each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Agent will determine whether the Collateral Assets 
comprised in the Collateral Pool as of such Collateral Test Date:
(i)
satisfy the Collateral Rules; and
(ii)
have a Collateral Assets Value at least equal to 97% of the Required Collateral Assets Value.
The Required Collateral Assets Value is determined by reference to:
-
the Notes Market Value Test in respect of; (i) Secured Notes and (ii) in respect of Repack 
Notes, for which the obligations of the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty 
under the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement are collateralised under 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement; or
-
the Fiduciary Securities Value Test in respect of Repack Notes, for which the obligations of 
the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Securities Lending Agreement and Swap 
Agreement are not collateralised under the Collateral Transfer Agreement.
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2: 
Collateral Assets Value means the aggregate market value as of the relevant Valuation Point, 
expressed in the Collateral Valuation Currency and discounted in each case by the applicable Haircut 
and the aggregate value of any Waived Notes, of all the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool. The 
Collateral Agent will determine the Collateral Assets Value, and the Collateral Monitoring Agent will 
verify the Collateral Assets Value on the basis of the following pricing policy: 
(a)
where the price of the Collateral Asset is available from Bloomberg, (i) for equities, the last 
price (Equities – PX –LAST), (ii) for fixed income, the mid dirty price (Bonds- 
PX_DIRTY_MID_BGN);

--- Page 307 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
307
(b)
where the price of the Collateral Asset is not available from Bloomberg, then the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent will use the price determined by the Collateral Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
For the purpose of determining the Collateral Assets Value, the value of any Collateral Asset which 
has ceased to comply with the Collateral Rules shall be deemed to be zero.
Where the relevant currency of denomination of any Collateral Asset is other than the Collateral 
Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent shall convert the value of such Collateral Asset at the 
relevant Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate. 
Collateralisation Percentage means the level of collateralisation in respect of the Notes pursuant 
to the following: 
(a) 
In respect of Secured Notes where the Collateralisation Percentage is specified as “Fixed 
Collateralisation” in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateralisation Percentage is such 
percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or a percentage determined through the 
application of a formula specified in the applicable Final Terms and such percentage does 
not change during the life of the Notes; and
(b)
in respect of Secured Notes where the Collateralisation Percentage is specified as “Variable 
Collateralisation” in the applicable Final Terms (Secured Notes with Variable 
Collateralisation), the Collateralisation Percentage at the Issue Date shall be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, and subsequently the Collateralisation Percentage may be varied 
more than once at the option of the Collateral Agent on any Collateral Business Day following 
the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date. In the event that the Collateralisation 
Percentage is set to a percentage less than 100%, the Related Agreement Counterparty will, 
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement, borrow some or all of the 
Fiduciary Securities held by the Fiduciary and only a partial collateralisation amount of 
Collateral Assets will be posted in return under the Collateral Transfer Agreement, or, where 
the Collateralisation Percentage is set to 0%, no Collateral Assets will be posted in return. 
Where the Collateralisation Percentage is specified as 0% in the applicable Final Terms, it 
means that on the Issue Date all of the Fiduciary Securities bought by the Fiduciary have 
been borrowed by the Related Agreement Counterparty with no CTA Collateral Asset in 
return. The Collateralisation Percentage may then be varied more than once or increased to 
100% at the option of the Collateral Agent on any Collateral Business Day following the 
period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
(c)
In respect of Repack Notes, the Collateralisation Percentage shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or shall be determined through the application of a formula as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may specify that the 
Collateralisation Percentage may vary during the terms of the Notes after a certain date 
following the occurrence of a trigger event, or in certain circumstances following a unanimous 
decision of the Noteholders; this means that the percentage level may vary from 100% from 
the Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity Date of the Bond to 0% from (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date of the Bond to (and including) the Maturity Date, provided however, that in 
case of a Bond Event Determination Date (or the Repack  Notes Exceptional Event Date, as 
the case may be), the Collateralisation Percentage may be 0% from (but excluding) the Bond 
Event Determination Date (or the Exceptional Event Date as the case may be) to (and 
including) the Cash Redemption Date;
In relation to (c) above, if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Collateralisation 
Percentage may vary in certain circumstances following a unanimous decision of the holders 
of Notes collateralised by the Collateral Pool, in order to exercise such option Noteholders 
shall give notice of the unanimous decision of the holders of such Notes specifying the new 
Collateralisation Percentage in respect of such Notes collateralised by such Collateral Pool 
and the date of variation of the Collateralisation Percentage to the Fiduciary in accordance 
with General Condition 12 within the notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Collateral Test Date means, in respect of a Collateral Pool, the Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes 
collateralised such Collateral Pool, each periodic date from and excluding the Issue Date as is

--- Page 308 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
308
specified in the applicable Final Terms and any other date deemed to be a Collateral Test Date in 
accordance with this Part 3.
Collateral Valuation Currency means Euro.
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page means, if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 
Bloomberg WMCO page, or if the Collateral Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the relevant 
screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate.
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time means, for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate, if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 5.30 PM 
(Paris time), or if the Collateral Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the specified time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
For the purpose of determining the Collateral Assets Value in respect of a Collateral Test Date, the 
Haircut applicable to each type of Collateral Asset shall be determined as set forth in the table below 
in accordance with whichever Haircut 1, Haircut 2 or Haircut 3 is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms.
For the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms may specify one Haircut value per type or 
class of Collateral Asset.
Haircut 1
-
The Haircut applicable to each Collateral Asset is 0%
Haircut 2
-
The Haircut applicable to an equity security comprised in one of the following 
indices: S&P 500, EUROSTOXX 600, NIKKEI 225, HK Index, Korean Index 
is 0%
-
The Haircut applicable to any other equity security is 25%
Haircut 3
-
The Haircut applicable to an equity security or bond with a rating higher than 
B- by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) is 0%
-
The Haircut applicable to a mutual fund share is 10%
-
The Haircut applicable to an asset backed security (ABS) or a hedge fund 
share is 20%
4.2.2
Required Collateral Assets Value 
In relation to a Single Series Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Assets Value will be calculated 
by the Collateral Agent on the Issue Date and verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on each 
Collateral Test Date as set out below.
In relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Assets Value will be 
determined by the Collateral Agent and verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on each Collateral 
Test Date as the sum of the amounts calculated in respect of each Series of Notes collateralised by 
the relevant Collateral Pool (as such amounts are calculated in accordance with Condition 4.2.1  
herein as applicable, as if each Series of Notes was the only Series relating to such Collateral Pool).
4.2.2.1 Notes Market Value Test 
"Notes Market Value Test" is applicable:
(i)
in respect of Secured Notes, and

--- Page 309 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
309
in respect of Repack Notes where the obligations of the Fiduciary and the Related 
Agreement Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending 
Agreement are collateralised under the Collateral Transfer Agreement.
Where Notes Market Value Test is applicable, the Required Collateral Assets Value in 
respect of the Collateral Pool collateralising the Notes will be calculated by the Collateral 
Agent and verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Issue Date and on each 
Collateral Test Date as an amount equal to the product of:
(i)
the Note Market Value for such Series of Notes;
(ii)
the Collateralisation Percentage; and
(iii)
the number of Non-Waived Notes of such Series of Notes.
Where the Notes Market Value Test is applicable, the Collateral Transfer Agreement 
provides for collateralisation on a net basis of (i) the Related Agreement Counterparty’s 
obligation to return securities equivalent to the Fiduciary Securities borrowed from the 
Fiduciary and (ii) the Exposure (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of the Fiduciary or the 
Related Agreement Counterparty as the case may be under the Swap Agreement.
In case of Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation, the cash proceeds from the 
issuance of such Notes will be used to purchase Fiduciary Securities. In the event that the 
Collateralisation Percentage is reduced after the Issue Date, the Related Agreement 
Counterparty will, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement, borrow some 
or all of the Fiduciary Securities held by the Fiduciary and only a partial collateralisation 
amount of Collateral Assets will be posted in return under the Collateral Transfer Agreement, 
or, where the Collateralisation Percentage is reduced to 0%, no Collateral Assets will be 
posted in return. 
Where the specified currency of the Notes is other than the Collateral Valuation Currency, 
the Collateral Agent shall convert the value of such Note at the relevant Collateral Valuation 
Currency Exchange Rate.
The Note Market Value determined by the Note Valuation Agent as described above and the 
aggregate number of Waived Notes notified to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent shall bind each of the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
in its determination of the Required Collateral Assets Value.
4.2.2.2 Fiduciary Securities Value Test 
In case of Repack Notes where the obligations of the Related Agreement Counterparty under 
the Securities Lending Agreement and Swap Agreement are not collateralised under the 
Collateral Transfer Agreement, "Fiduciary Securities Value Test" shall be applicable and the 
Required Collateral Assets Value in respect of the Collateral Pool collateralising the Notes 
will be calculated by the Collateral Agent and verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on 
the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date as an amount equal to the product of:
(i)
the Required Fiduciary Securities Value; and
(ii)
the Collateralisation Percentage.
Where Fiduciary Securities Value Test is applicable, Required Fiduciary Securities Value 
means the aggregate market value as of the Issue Date, expressed in the Collateral 
Valuation Currency, of all the Fiduciary Securities (whether held in the Fiduciary Account or 
loaned to the Related Agreement Counterparty). The Collateral Agent will determine the 
Required Fiduciary Securities Value on the basis of such valuation method or methods as 
the Collateral Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine in its discretion.

--- Page 310 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
310
Where the relevant currency of denomination of any Fiduciary Security is other than the 
Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall 
convert the value of such Fiduciary Securities at the relevant Collateral Valuation Currency 
Exchange Rate.
Where the Fiduciary Securities Value Test is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Collateral Transfer Agreement provides for collateralisation of the Related Agreement 
Counterparty’s obligation to return securities equivalent to the Fiduciary Securities borrowed 
from the Fiduciary but not for the collateralisation of any other obligation under the Securities 
Lending Agreement nor any obligation under the Swap Agreement.
Unless and until a substitution to the Fiduciary Securities occurs pursuant to Condition 
3.4.1.3 herein, the Fiduciary Securities Value Test will be deemed to be satisfied.
4.2.3
Waiver of Rights 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders 
intending to hold such Notes (including, but not limited to, in their capacity as a market maker) may 
waive their rights by written notice to receive the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets 
securing such Series of Notes (or where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) following the occurrence 
of a Collateral Liquidation Event (such Notes being Waived Notes). If "Waiver of Rights" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to Secured Notes, all such Notes held by Societe 
Generale or its affiliates in its capacity as market maker will be deemed to be Waived Notes, unless 
otherwise notified in writing by Societe Generale or its affiliates to the Collateral Agent.
Holders of Waived Notes are deemed to waive their rights to give written notice to the Fiduciary and 
the Guarantor that the Waived Notes are immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount on the occurrence of an Event of Default following the delivery of a Required Collateral 
Default Notice (as described below). As a consequence, when calculating the Required Collateral 
Assets Value in accordance with the provisions described above, the Collateral Agent and the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent shall only take into account the value of the Notes that have not been 
subject to such waiver (any such Notes being Non-Waived Notes).
Each holder of Waived Notes shall be required to (i) inform by written notice and, upon request from 
the Collateral Agent, provide evidence to, the Collateral Agent of the number of Waived Notes that 
he holds on the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date and (ii) notify the Collateral Agent 
following any transfer of Waived Notes. The Collateral Business Day following such notification will 
be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date and the Collateral Agent shall notify the Fiduciary and the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent of the same. Notwithstanding the above, all Notes held by Societe 
Generale or one or more of its affiliates, including but not limited to, in its capacity as market maker, 
will be deemed to be Waived Notes, unless otherwise notified in writing by Societe Generale or one 
or more of its affiliates to the Collateral Agent. 
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall be 
responsible for any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information relating to the number of Waived 
Notes relating to any one or more Series of Notes that may have been provided to the Collateral 
Agent by or on behalf of any holder of Waived Notes and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the 
Collateral Agent or the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall be under any duty to verify or otherwise 
confirm the number of Waived Notes so held.
5.
ADJUSTMENTS OF THE COLLATERAL ASSETS UNDER THE COLLATERAL TRANSFER 
AGREEMENT AND COLLATERAL TEST NOTICE
When determining whether the Collateral Test is satisfied in respect of any Collateral Test Date, any 
addition of Eligible Collateral Assets, or removal of Collateral Assets (including, without limitation, in 
relation to any substitution to the Fiduciary Securities pursuant to Condition 3.4.1.3 herein, the 
termination of any of loan of Fiduciary Securities under the Securities Lending Agreement or pursuant 
to the Collateral Transfer Agreement) for which instructions have been provided on or before such

--- Page 311 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
311
Collateral Test Date but which have not yet been completed will be included for the purposes of such 
determination as if such transactions had been completed.
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Test is not satisfied 
for the Collateral Pool, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary will select:
(i)
the type and quantity of Fiduciary Securities previously delivered by the Fiduciary to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty or CTA Collateral Assets to be deposited in the Fiduciary 
Account by the Related Agreement Counterparty; or
(ii)
existing Collateral Assets to be replaced with other Collateral Assets,
pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the Securities Sale and Purchase 
Agreement, in order that, after such adjustment or replacement, the Collateral Test will be satisfied.
Until any such adjustments to the Collateral Assets have been effected, the value of Collateral Assets 
held in the Fiduciary Account may be less than the revised Required Collateral Assets Value.
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Assets Value is greater 
than 100% of the Required Collateral Assets Value, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary 
may select Fiduciary Securities or any CTA Collateral Assets previously delivered by the Related 
Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary to be removed from the Fiduciary Account and delivered to 
the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement (or 
shall select existing Collateral Assets to be replaced with other Collateral Assets) and, in the case of 
Fiduciary Securities only, to be delivered to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the 
terms of the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, provided that after such adjustment the 
Collateral Test shall continue to be satisfied and that the Collateral Assets shall comply with the 
applicable Collateral Rules.
On each Collateral Business Day, if the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary intends to make 
adjustments to the Collateral Assets held in the Fiduciary Account (including, but not limited to, 
adjustments in order to ensure that the Collateral Test will be satisfied), the Collateral Agent will send 
or cause to be sent a notice (a Collateral Test Notice) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent specifying 
the adjustments to be made to the Fiduciary Account including inter alia the type and quantity of any 
Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or Collateral Assets to be removed pursuant to the terms of 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement.
6.
VERIFICATION BY COLLATERAL MONITORING AGENT
On each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, pursuant to the terms of the 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, verify the Collateral Assets Value and the Required 
Collateral Assets Value and shall verify that the applicable Collateral Test is satisfied.
If on the relevant Collateral Test Date:
(a)
a Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent determines that the Collateral Test will not be satisfied (including after 
taking into account any adjustments specified in such Collateral Test Notice); or 
(b)
no Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent but the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent has determined that adjustments need to be made to the Collateral Assets 
so that the Collateral Test will be satisfied, 
then the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on the Collateral Business Day immediately following the 
relevant Collateral Test Date, notify the Collateral Agent in writing providing details of why it considers 
that the Collateral Test is or will not be satisfied (such notice being hereafter referred to as a 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice).
Following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent will determine whether 
it agrees with the contents of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice. Should the Collateral Agent

--- Page 312 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
312
agree with the contents of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent shall on the 
Collateral Business Day immediately following receipt of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice send 
or cause to be sent a revised Collateral Test Notice (a First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) 
to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Custodian specifying the agreed adjustments 
(including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or Collateral 
Assets to be removed pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the 
Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement) such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied.
If the Collateral Agent disputes the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, it shall on the 
Collateral Business Day immediately following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice notify 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent of such dispute in writing (a Dispute Notice) and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Agent shall consult with each other in good faith in an attempt to 
resolve the dispute.
If the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent are able to resolve the dispute following 
such consultation by the second Collateral Business Day following delivery of the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent shall send or cause to be sent a revised Collateral Test 
Notice (a Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
specifying the agreed adjustments (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Eligible Collateral 
Assets or Fiduciary Securities to be deposited and/or Collateral Assets to be removed pursuant to 
the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement) 
such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied.
If the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent fail to resolve the dispute by the second 
Collateral Business Day following delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, then the 
Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Fiduciary) shall notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent in writing 
(such notice being a Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice) and it will follow the collateral test 
dispute resolution procedure (the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure) to determine the 
adjustments to be made to the Collateral Assets:
(i)
utilising any calculations, rules or criteria which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent have agreed are not in dispute; 
(ii)
if such dispute relates to the satisfaction of or the Collateral Rules, appointing an independent 
third person (acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator) selected by the Collateral Agent 
and approved by the Collateral Monitoring Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld) to determine whether such Collateral Rules are satisfied, with the determination of 
any such person being final and binding upon the Collateral Agent and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent; and 
(iii)
if such dispute relates to the valuation of the Collateral Assets, calculating the value of those 
Collateral Assets in dispute by using reasonable endeavours to seek four actual, firm and 
executable quotations for such Collateral Assets at mid-market with contract sizes 
approximately equal to the value of such Collateral Assets, from leading dealers in assets 
similar in nature to the Collateral Assets, who are committed to trade with the Fiduciary or 
the Related Agreement Counterparty, which may include Societe Generale, as selected by 
the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion acting in a commercially reasonable manner, and 
taking the weighted average of those obtained; provided that if four quotations are not 
available for a particular Collateral Asset, then fewer than four quotations may be used for 
that Collateral Asset, and if no quotations are available for a particular Collateral Asset, then 
the Collateral Agent’s original calculations will be used for the Collateral Asset. 
Following a recalculation pursuant to the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure, the Collateral 
Agent shall issue a Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice to the Fiduciary containing the Collateral 
Assets Value, the Required Collateral Assets Value and any adjustments to be made to the Fiduciary 
Account including, inter alia, the type and quantity of any Eligible Collateral Assets or Fiduciary 
Securities to be deposited and/or Collateral Assets to be removed such that the Collateral Test will 
be satisfied (in each case determined in accordance with the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution 
Procedure), as soon as possible but in any event not later than the 30th Collateral Business Day 
following delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice. A Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice 
issued following the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure shall be binding

--- Page 313 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
313
on the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent and shall not be subject to further 
verification by the Collateral Monitoring Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the 
Collateral Assets Value and the Required Collateral Assets Value (and the adjustments to be made 
to the Fiduciary Account in accordance with the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure) will 
not constitute a Fiduciary Event.
7.
REQUIRED 
SETTLEMENT 
PERIOD 
AND 
EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
FOLLOWING 
THE 
OCCURRENCE OF A COLLATERAL DISRUPTION EVENT 
If the Fiduciary or the Collateral Agent determines that a Collateral Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Fiduciary may in its sole and absolute discretion redeem or cancel, as applicable, all of the 
relevant Notes at the Early Redemption Amount following the occurrence of a Collateral Disruption 
Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event will 
not constitute a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event. 
The delivery of the Collateral Assets for the adjustments to be made to the Fiduciary Account in 
accordance with a Collateral Test Notice, First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level 
Revised Collateral Test Notice or Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, as applicable, are required to 
be settled on or before the tenth Collateral Business Day following delivery of such Collateral Test 
Notice or, where such Collateral Test Notice is followed by a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, such 
delivery shall be settled on or before the tenth Collateral Business Day following delivery of the First 
Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Post Dispute 
Collateral Test Notice, as applicable (such period the Required Settlement Period); provided that 
the 10 Collateral Business Day period may be extended up to a maximum additional period of sixty 
(60) Collateral Business Days if (i) the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Assets (or, to the 
extent applicable, the relevant Collateral Pool) have not been settled as a result of an event beyond 
the control of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Fiduciary (including, but 
not limited to, as a result of a failure or inability of the relevant clearing system to clear the relevant 
Collateral Assets) (a Collateral Settlement Disruption) or (ii) in relation to the Collateral Assets for 
which the regular settlement period is greater than 10 Collateral Business Days under normal market 
conditions. During the above additional sixty Collateral Business Day period, the Collateral Agent 
may propose the replacement of the affected Collateral Assets by other Collateral Assets complying 
with the Collateral Rules, or propose any other relevant measures so that the Collateral Test is 
satisfied.
The Collateral Custodian shall notify the Fiduciary if the settlement of any transfer of Collateral Assets 
is not completed within the common market practice timeframe for settlement of the Collateral Asset 
being so transferred. For the avoidance of doubt, such notification shall be taken into account when 
assessing whether settlement has occurred during the Required Settlement Period described above.
8.
DEFAULT IN PROVISION OF COLLATERAL ASSETS
8.1
Related Agreement Counterparty
The Related Agreement Counterparty shall be deemed to have defaulted in relation to its obligation 
to provide the required level of Collateral Assets if: 
(i)
following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice which indicates that the Collateral 
Test is not satisfied (or will not be satisfied after taking into account any adjustments specified 
in a Collateral Test Notice): 
(a)
no First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Notice has been sent; or 
(b)
no Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Resolution Procedure 
Notice has been sent; or
(c)
no Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has been sent, 
in each case on or before the fifth Collateral Business Day following the date on which the 
Collateral Agent had the obligation to send such notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent; or

--- Page 314 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
314
(ii)
except in the case of a Collateral Settlement Disruption, the Related Agreement Counterparty 
fails to deliver the additional necessary Collateral Assets within the Required Settlement 
Period and such failure results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for 5 consecutive 
Collateral Business Days following the end of such Required Settlement Period (when 
determining whether the Collateral Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which 
have been actually been transferred to the Fiduciary Account shall be taken into account) 
8.2
Fiduciary
The Fiduciary shall be deemed to have defaulted in relation to its obligation to provide the required 
level of Collateral Assets if, following a Collateral Test Notice, the Fiduciary fails to return Collateral 
Assets to the Related Agreement Counterparty or deliver Fiduciary Securities.
8.3
Collateral Settlement Disruption
Notwithstanding Condition 8.1(ii) and Condition 8.2 herein, in the case of a Collateral Settlement 
Disruption, if at the end of the 60 Collateral Business Day period the settlement has not occurred, 
this shall not constitute a Related Agreement Counterparty Event or a Fiduciary Event and instead 
shall constitute a Collateral Disruption Event.
8.4
Consequences
Subject to Condition 8.3 herein, the occurrence of an event specified in Conditions 8.1 or 8.2 herein 
shall constitute a Required Collateral Default. Following the occurrence of a Required Collateral 
Default, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will send a notice (a Required Collateral Default Notice) to 
the Fiduciary specifying that a Required Collateral Default has occurred as soon as reasonably 
practicable upon the occurrence thereof. 
The delivery by the Collateral Monitoring Agent of a Required Collateral Default Notice shall constitute 
either (i) a Related Agreement Counterparty Event, if the Required Collateral Default Notice is 
delivered following the occurrence of an event described in Condition 8.1 herein, or (ii) a Fiduciary 
Event if the Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered following the occurrence of an event 
described in Condition 8.2 herein. 
9.
NOTE ACCELERATION AND REALISATION
9.1
Acceleration
The occurrence of (i) a Related Agreement Counterparty Event or (ii) a Fiduciary Event shall 
constitute a Collateral Liquidation Event, which shall cause the Notes to become due and repayable 
pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 9.1.
If a Collateral Liquidation Event occurs in relation to a Series of Notes, the Fiduciary, or failing which 
the Principal Paying Agent shall give notice (a Collateral Liquidation Notice) in accordance with 
General Condition 12, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable 
to all Noteholders of the occurrence of such Collateral Liquidation Event relating to such Series of 
Notes, following which such Series of Notes will become due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount on the Liquidation Event Redemption Date (the Accelerated Notes).
All Notes which are collateralised by the same Collateral Pool as the one collateralising the relevant 
Accelerated Note will also become immediately Accelerated Notes. 
If the Fiduciary has not paid all amounts due to Noteholders, then any Noteholder will be entitled to 
send a notice in writing (a Collateral Liquidation Notice) to the BNY Disposal Agent and the 
Fiduciary.
The Fiduciary, or failing which the Principal Paying Agent shall, following receipt of a Collateral 
Liquidation Notice, give notice in accordance with General Condition 12, with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable to all relevant Noteholders of such Accelerated 
Notes.

--- Page 315 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
315
The Fiduciary, or failing which the Principal Paying Agent, shall promptly give notice of the fact that 
a Collateral Liquidation Notice has been given to the BNY Disposal Agent.
9.2
Liquidation and Realisation of Collateral Assets
Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event:

the BNY Disposal Agent shall, upon receipt of a Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt, (i) 
promptly notify the Fiduciary of the Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date and (ii) in 
accordance with Condition 9.5 herein, liquidate the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than the Breakage Cost Valuation 
Date Deadline. 

the Related Agreements will be terminated and the Swap Close-out Amount will be calculated 
as of the Breakage Cost Valuation Date by the party responsible for determining such amounts 
in accordance with the Swap Agreement; and

the Calculation Agent of the Notes shall on the Collateral Business Day immediately following 
the Breakage Cost Valuation Date calculate the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds and the 
Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds.
Where:
Breakage Cost Valuation Date means the earlier of (i) the date on which the BNY Disposal Agent 
will have liquidated all the Collateral Assets and (ii) the Breakage Cost Valuation Date Deadline.
Breakage Cost Valuation Date Deadline means the date that falls 90 calendar days following the 
Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date of if such date is not a Collateral Business Day the 
immediately following Collateral Business Day.
Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds means, in relation to a Collateral Pool, the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Collateral Assets in that Collateral Pool pursuant to Condition 9.2 herein.
Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date means the date on which a Collateral Liquidation Notice 
is received (in accordance with the provisions of the Disposal Agency Agreement) by the BNY 
Disposal Agent.
Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds means an amount equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) 
an amount equal to the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds as reduced by the amounts payable 
to the Margined Parties ranking above the holders of the Non-Waived Notes.
9.3
Liability of the BNY Disposal Agent
The BNY Disposal Agent will not, in the absence of negligence, fraud and wilful misconduct, have 
any liability as to the consequence of any enforcement or realisation action and will not have regard 
to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders. 
9.4
Application and distribution of proceeds of realisation
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, after the realisation and liquidation in full of all the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool in 
accordance with Condition 9.2 herein, the BNY Disposal Agent shall use the Collateral Assets 
Liquidation Proceeds to make payment of any amounts payable to the Margined Parties ranking prior 
to the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of each Series of Notes related to the Collateral Pool.

--- Page 316 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
316
Where:
Order of Priority means the order specified in the applicable Final Terms following which the SG 
Disposal Agent or the BNY Disposal Agent, as the case may be, shall apply moneys received in 
accordance with Condition 9 herein. The Order of Priority may be the Standard Order of Priority (as 
defined below) or any alternative order of all or part of items (a) to (i) of the Standard Order of Priority, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Standard Order of Priority if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means that the 
Order of Priority shall follow the order (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) specified below:
(a)
first, in payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Fiduciary in 
relation to the Notes, to the BNY Disposal Agent, the SG Disposal Agent and/or Paying Agent 
(which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of any sale of any Collateral 
Assets (including the distribution of proceeds) and/or, in the case of Secured Notes where 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement to the Noteholders of the related Notes and the remuneration of the BNY 
Disposal Agent, the SG Disposal Agent and/or Paying Agent);
(b)
in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Custodian by the 
Fiduciary;
(c)
in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
by the Fiduciary;
(d)
in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty by the Fiduciary in respect of or pursuant to any Related Agreement;
(e)
in payment, pro rata, of any amounts due to holders of Non-Waived Notes;
(f)
if the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one Note is greater than the Early 
Redemption Amount, then such excess amount shall be distributed in the manner set forth 
below to the Noteholders of other Series collateralised by the same Multiple Series Collateral 
Pool (proportionnaly to the amounts still due to the Noteholders of such other Series, on a 
pro rata basis between each relevant Series of Notes 
and up to the Early Redemption Amount for each relevant Series), ranking pari passu with such 
Noteholder and for which the applicable Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to 
one such Note is lower than the Early Redemption Amount;
(g)
in payment, pro rata, of any amounts due, if any, to holders of Waived Notes;
(h)
in payment, pro rata, of any amounts owed to the creditors (if any) whose claims have arisen 
as a result of the creation, operation or liquidation of the Collateral Assets (save to the extent 
that the claims of any such creditor fall within paragraphs (a) to (g) above; and
(i)
in the case of Repack Notes and Secured Notes, in payment of the balance (if any) to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty.
Following such payment, the BNY Disposal Agent shall determine the proportion of the remaining 
Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds applicable to the Notes collateralised by the same Collateral 
Pool by applying the Collateral Ratio. 
The Collateral Ratio means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the amount (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to (i) the Final Required Collateral Assets Value determined as if such Series of Notes were 
the only Series of Notes collateralised by the Collateral Pool divided by (ii) the Final Required 
Collateral Assets Value determined in respect of all Series of Notes collateralised by the Collateral 
Pool. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Ratio for a Single Series Collateral Pool shall be 
100%.In addition, if the Collateralisation Percentage, in respect of a Series of Notes, equals zero, 
then the Collateral Ratio for such Series of Notes shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 317 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
317
Final Required Collateral Assets Value means the Required Collateral Assets Value as calculated 
by the Collateral Monitoring Agent at the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of 
a Collateral Liquidation Notice.
The proportion in respect of each Series of Notes shall be the relevant Liquidation Proceeds Series 
Amount.
The BNY Disposal Agent shall then determine the pro rata share of the Liquidation Proceeds Series 
Amount in respect of each Note and shall notify such amount to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent. 
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount will, subject as provided below in the case of 
Secured Notes, be applied by the BNY Disposal Agent in meeting the claims of Noteholders under 
the Notes pro rata to each such Note. In the case of Secured Notes, such claim will be adjusted in 
accordance with the following rules:
(i) 
if the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one Note is greater than the Early 
Redemption Amount, then such excess amount will not be distributed to such Noteholder but 
will be distributed, in the limit of the Early Redemption Amount, to the Noteholders of other 
Series collateralised by the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool (proportionnaly to the 
amounts still due to the Noteholders of such other Series, on a pro rata basis between each 
relevant Series of Notes), ranking pari passu with such Noteholder and for which the 
applicable Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one such Note is lower than the 
Early Redemption Amount. Following such distribution, any remaining Fiduciary Assets 
Liquidation Proceeds shall be distributed to the Margined Parties ranking after the holders of 
Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Standard Order of Priority or Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(ii) 
otherwise, if the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one Note is lower than the 
Early Redemption Amount and there is no excess amount to be distributed in accordance 
with the subparagraph (i) above then, in accordance with Condition 9.4 herein, such 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to any further recourse against the Fiduciary for such shortfall 
amount.  All claims in respect of such shortfall shall be automatically extinguished and such 
Noteholder shall have no further recourse against the Fiduciary in respect of such shortfall 
amount and will accordingly not be able to petition for the winding-up of the Fiduciary as a 
consequence of such shortfall.  
The Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount shall be paid to each Noteholder on the fifth Collateral 
Business Day following the Breakage Cost Valuation Date (such date the Liquidation Event 
Redemption Date).
If, following the calculation of the Swap Close-out Amount set forth in General Condition 3.4.2.2, such 
amount is paid by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary, it shall be used by BNY 
Disposal Agent to pay any residual amount due to Margined Parties after the Collateral Liquidation 
Proceeds were distributed in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority.
The distribution of the Swap Close-out Amount, if any, shall be done following the same Order of 
Priority. If, with respect to Series of Notes related to a Collateral Pool, the Liquidation Proceeds Series 
Amount which has been distributed under one or more Series of Notes is not sufficient to repay the 
Early Redemption Amount under such Series of Notes, then the residual amount of the Swap Close-
out Amount, if any, shall be distributed between such Series of Notes, proportionnaly to the amounts 
still due to the Noteholders of such Series, on a pro rata basis between each Series of Notes and up 
to the Early Redemption Amount for each relevant Series of Notes.
9.5
Method of realisation of Collateral Assets
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in this Part 3, in effecting any sales, the BNY Disposal 
Agent may sell the Collateral Assets in one single tranche or in smaller tranches as it considers 
appropriate. The BNY Disposal Agent may effect sales of the Collateral Assets (i) on any securities

--- Page 318 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
318
exchange on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted, (ii) in the over-the-counter market 
or (iii) in transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or in the over-the counter market.
Where the BNY Disposal Agent disposes of any Collateral Assets other than on any securities 
exchange on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted then:
(a)
the BNY Disposal Agent shall seek firm bid quotations from at least three independent 
dealers in assets similar in nature to the relevant Collateral Assets (and, for such purpose, it 
may seek quotations in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety or in respect of 
designated tranches thereof, as it considers appropriate);
(b)
for the purposes of obtaining the quotations referred to in (a) above, the BNY Disposal Agent 
may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Collateral Assets or any tranche thereof; 
and
(c)
the BNY Disposal Agent shall be authorised to accept, in respect of each relevant tranche 
or, as applicable, the entirety of the relevant Collateral Assets, the highest quotation so 
obtained (which may be a quotation from the BNY Disposal Agent (when providing such 
quotations the BNY Disposal Agent shall act in a commercially reasonable manner)).
9.6
Inability to realise Collateral Assets 
If the BNY Disposal Agent is unable to sell the Collateral Assets on any securities exchange or on 
which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain the three quotations required for the 
sale of one or more Collateral Assets, on or before the last possible Breakage Cost Valuation Date, 
any unsold Collateral Assets will be deemed to have a value of zero in calculating the Collateral 
Assets Liquidation Proceeds. In such a case, the BNY Disposal Agent shall give a notice to all 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
last possible Breakage Cost Valuation Date.
9.7
Use of Collateral Custodian
The payment of any Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds and/or Liquidation Proceeds Amounts 
may, at the request of the BNY Disposal Agent, be undertaken by the Collateral Custodian pursuant 
to the terms of the Collateral Custody Agreement.
The Collateral Custodian is authorised and directed by the Fiduciary to make or arrange for deliveries 
to, and to accept deliveries from, or arrange for deliveries to be accepted by, the relevant Fiduciary 
Account in accordance with the instructions of the Collateral Agent, and is not responsible for 
ascertaining whether any such instructions are given in accordance with the Terms of the Conditions 
and the Swap Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement, the Securities Sale and Purchase 
Agreement and/or the Collateral Transfer Agreement (as the case may be) and shall have no liability 
whatsoever for any loss arising if any such instructions are not so given in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Swap Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement, the Securities Sale and 
Purchase Agreement and/or the Collateral Transfer Agreement (as the case may be).
9.8
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets with respect to Secured Notes 
If "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
following a Collateral Liquidation Event the Collateral Monitoring Agent will determine the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement in respect of each Note and shall notify such amounts to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent and Disposal Agent.
The Collateral Assets Entitlement means, for each Non-Waived Note of a Series where Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, Collateral Assets with a value (based on the market 
valuations of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately 
preceding the delivery of the Collateral Liquidation Notice) equal to (a) the product of (i) the Collateral 
Ratio applicable to such Series of Notes, and (ii) the Final Collateral Assets Value in respect of the 
Collateral Pool which collateralises such Series of Notes, divided by (b) the number of Non-Waived 
Notes of the relevant Series of Notes.

--- Page 319 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
319
Final Collateral Assets Value means (i) the Collateral Assets Value as determined by the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of a Collateral 
Liquidation Notice minus (ii) any amounts payable to the Margined Parties ranking prior to the holders 
of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Subject as provided below, the Disposal Agent will either: 
(a)
realise and liquidate sufficient Collateral Assets in accordance with Condition 9.2 herein, to 
ensure payment of any amounts payable to the Margined Parties ranking prior to the holders 
of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(b)
upon transfer of sufficient funds by the Noteholders, pay any such amount payable to the 
Margined Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the 
Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Following such payment, the Disposal Agent will notify Noteholders of the date for the Delivery of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement (the Collateral Delivery Date) in accordance with General Condition 
12, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, and will direct the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Collateral Custodian to Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to a nominee specified by the 
Noteholders of each Series of Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool:
(a)
if the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets Entitlement 
(based on the valuations of the market value of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of the Collateral 
Liquidation Notice) for a particular Note is greater than the Early Redemption Amount, then 
assets from the Collateral Assets Entitlement for a value equal to such excess amount will 
be liquidated and the proceeds thereof will then be distributed to the Margined Parties 
ranking after the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
otherwise, when the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets 
Entitlement (based on the valuations of the market value of such assets by the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of the 
Collateral Liquidation Notice) for a particular Note is lower than the Early Redemption 
Amount, then, in accordance with Condition 9.4 herein such Noteholder shall not be entitled 
to any further recourse against the Fiduciary for such shortfall amount.
9.9
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event
If, in the opinion of the Disposal Agent, Delivery of all or some of the Collateral Assets forming part 
of the Collateral Assets Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or such other commercially reasonable manner as the Collateral Custodian or the Disposal 
Agent has determined, is not practicable by reason of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on any Collateral Delivery Date, then such Collateral 
Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Collateral Business Day in respect of which 
there is no such Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, provided that the Principal 
Paying Agent may elect in its sole discretion to Deliver the Collateral Assets forming part of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in 
such event the Collateral Delivery Date shall be such day as the Collateral Custodian or the Disposal 
Agent deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event affects 
some but not all of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to be 
delivered to the nominee of the Noteholders, the Collateral Delivery Date for those Collateral Assets 
forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement which are able to be Delivered will be the Collateral 
Delivery Date on which such Collateral Assets are delivered.

--- Page 320 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes
320
If Delivery of any Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement is not possible 
due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event for a period of 
greater than 20 Collateral Business Days (or such other period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the 
Disposal Agent shall sell or realise such undeliverable collateral assets and deliver the proceeds 
thereof to Noteholders in the manner set out in the Conditions 9.4 and 9.5. herein.
If either (i) the Disposal Agent is unable to sell the Collateral Assets on any securities exchange on 
which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain the three quotations required for the 
sale of the Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Condition 9.5 herein or (ii) the Principal Paying 
Agent, acting at the direction of the Disposal Agent, is unable to Deliver such Collateral Assets due 
to the continuation of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, for a period of one 
year from the date of the relevant Collateral Liquidation Event, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled 
to accept the first available price for such Collateral Assets. 
The Disposal Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, that a Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets Disruption Event has occurred. No Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of 
the Notes in the event of any delay in the Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Fiduciary or the Guarantor.
10.
OTHER LIQUIDATION OF COLLATERAL ASSETS
The Fiduciary shall be entitled at any time to (a) return CTA Collateral Assets to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty in accordance with the Collateral Transfer Agreement and (b) liquidate, or 
instruct any third party (including, without limitation, the BNY Disposal Agent and the SG Disposal 
Agent) to liquidate on its behalf, any Collateral Assets where required to do so for the purposes of 
giving effect to any early or scheduled redemption of Notes, including for the purposes of making any 
related payments under any Related Agreement. Such liquidation shall be conducted on such terms 
as the Fiduciary may determine.
11.
NOTICES
All notices and reports to be delivered pursuant to this Part 3 shall be copied to each of the Fiduciary, 
the Guarantor, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the 
Related Agreement Counterparty (save to the extent the notice is sent by or deliverable to any such 
person). In addition, all notices concerning the provisions of Condition 11 herein shall be copied to 
the BNY Disposal Agent.

--- Page 321 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
321
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE
The following Additional Terms and conditions relating to formulae (the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae) will apply to any Note the applicable Final Terms of which include a clause called 
"Reference of the Product" in which appears a reference to a paragraph of the Condition 3 below.
The definitions used in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae may also apply to a Note 
the applicable Final Terms of which specify that all or part of the capitalized terms used therein have the 
meaning as described to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, a Note to which they apply 
is a Product. 
Each Product forms part of a family of products (the Family of Product).
OVERVIEW
Contents and description
Family of Product
A Family of Products is a group of Product having 
similar characteristics. For each Family of Product, 
formulae and variable data are defined in order to 
determine the Product Amounts (defined below). 
Reference of the Product
A Reference of the Product is a three-digit reference 
number with the first two digits corresponding to the 
reference of the Family of Product to which the Product 
belongs and the third digit corresponding to the Product 
itself. The applicable Final Terms of a Product shall 
indicate the Reference of the Product (which 
corresponds to a paragraph of Condition 3 below where 
are listed all the formulae and variable data used to 
determine the Product Amounts (defined below)), and 
as the case may be, the Options and Add-ons 
necessary to determine these amounts. 
Product: a Product is a Note to which these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
apply and having one or more Structured Interest Amount(s) (if any), one or more Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s) (if any), and a Final Redemption Amount (each a Product Amount and 
together the Product Amounts), each determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of a set 
of definitions and formulae listed in Condition 3 below in the relevant paragraph corresponding to 
the Reference of the Product. 
Structured Interest Amount(s) (as the 
case may be)
[as described in Condition 1.1 below]
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) 
(if any)
[as described in Condition 1.2 below]
Final Redemption Amount
[as described in Condition 1.3 below]
Common principles:
For each Product, each Product Amount (i.e. 
Structured 
Interest 
Amount(s), 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s) and the Final Redemption 
Amount) 
is 
equal 
to 
the 
formula 
(Specified 
Denomination x Product Formula)
For each Product and each Product Amount, a 
Product Formula is based on and/or combines one or 
more specific definitions and formulae, called Variable 
Data and ReferenceFormula(e). 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Variable Data and 
ReferenceFormula(e) can be associated with a 
particular Product Formula.
Product Formula = Function{Schedule(s) ; Specific 
Definition(s) ; Variable Data ; Reference Formula(e) ;

--- Page 322 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
322
Add-on(s)}
The following provisions will apply for the Structured Interest Amount(s) (if any), Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s) (if any) and the Final Redemption Amount:
Schedule
[as described in Condition 2.1 below]
A Schedule means (i) either Valuation Date(s) or 
Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) listed 
in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) or Valuation Date(s) 
or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) 
comprised within a period defined in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be 
used for the determination and calculation of a 
particular Product Amount. For ease of reading, 
Schedules may be renamed (e.g. Period, Corridor 
Period, Interest Period, European Knock-In Period, 
American Knock-In Period...). 
Furthermore, in respect of Product Formula and a 
particular Schedule, also for ease of reading, Valuation 
Date or Relevant Valuation Date may be renamed (for 
instance, for a Schedule made of daily Valuation Dates, 
"Valuation Date" may be renamed "Daily Valuation 
Date", for a Schedule with annual Relevant Valuation 
Dates, "Relevant Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Annual Valuation Date", for another Schedule relating 
to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be 
renamed "Underlying_A Valuation Date",...).
For the avoidance of doubt, all these dates whatever 
their names shall be considered as Valuation Date as 
defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions 
for the relevant Underlying(s), with the exception of the 
Averaging Date which shall keep the meaning of 
Averaging Date as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s),
General Definitions 
Means the definitions in Condition 5 below that may 
apply to any Family of Product and any Product within 
a Family of Product.
Specific Definition(s)
[as described in Condition 2.2 below]
Means, if relevant, definition(s) and formula(e) required 
for the determination and calculation of a Product 
Amount, specific to a particular Product. In Condition 3 
below, when the Product Formula of a Product Amount 
needs one or several specific definitions, a paragraph 
"Specific Definitions" will appear in the paragraph of the 
corresponding Product with either (i) an ad hoc specific 
definition or (ii) the reference(s) to the Conditions below 
where the Specific Definition(s) is/are necessary for the 
determination and calculation of the Product Amount of 
such Product can be found. 
Variable Data
[as described in Condition 2.3 below]
Means, for the Product Formula of a Product Amount, 
the variable data used as input(s) in the Product 
Formula for the determination and calculation of the 
Product Amount and specified with the relevant (inter 
alia) amount, level, percentage or the value of the 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 323 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
323
Reference Formula(e)
[as described in Condition 2.4 below]
Means, a formula appearing among the list of 
Reference Formulae appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 
4.29 below and which serves to notice or to calculate 
(i) the price of an Underlying called Reference Price, (ii) 
the Level of an Underlying called Reference Level, (iii) 
the Performance of an Underlying called Reference 
Performance and/or (iv) the Fixing of a Reference Rate 
called Reference Fixing, used as the case may be, for 
one or several Product Formula(e) of one or several 
Product Amount(s).
Any Reference Formula may be indexed to any type of 
Underlying which terms and conditions are governed 
by the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the 
relevant Underlying.
The Reference Formulae listed in Condition 4.0  to 4.29 
below are grouped by family.  
Add-on
[as described in Condition 1.4 below]
Means the list of generic features that can be applied 
to any standard Product Formula(e) in order to either 
supplement or modify or supersede these standard 
Product Formula(e). The clause "Reference of the 
Product" in the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
Add-on(s) applicable to such Product. 
Option 1, 2,…X 
Means within a same Family of Product or Add-on the 
different variations of the Product Formula(e) used for 
the calculation of a Product Amount. These different 
Options are described in Condition 3 below. The clause 
"Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate the Option applicable to the 
Product. 
Scenario 1, 2,…X 
Means, the fact that a Product Amount of a single 
Product may be determined and calculated in different 
ways depending on the occurrence of one or more 
events involving one or more Reference Formula(e) 
defined below. 
1.
PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING THE PRODUCT AMOUNTS 
The provisions described hereunder are applicable to all the different Product Formula described in 
Condition 3.
1.1
Structured Interest Amount
For a Product, Structured Interest Amount (if any) means an amount calculated on the basis of a 
Product Formula and which depends to a condition being met and/or that the price of the Underlying 
raised a certain level or realized a certain performance.
If the applicable Final Terms of a Product specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note 
Provisions" is stated as being "Applicable", any relevant Product Formula used to determine the 
Structured Interest Amount(s) of the Product appearing in the paragraph relating to the Reference 
Product in Condition 3 will be replicated in the clause "Structured Interest Amount(s)" of the 
applicable Final Terms with the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the 
necessaries Schedule(s), the indication of the Specific Definitions and/or applicable Add-Ons:
Structured Interest Amount:
Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] Interest 
Payment Date[(i) (i from t1 to t2)], the Fiduciary shall

--- Page 324 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
324
pay to the Noteholders, for each Note, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
[The sum of each Structured Interest Amount(i) 
determined in respect of each Valuation Date(i) (i 
from t1 to t2) [occurring before the Interest Payment 
Date], each Structured Interest Amount(i) being 
equal to:]
[Insert the Structured Interest Amount corresponding 
to the relevant Reference Product. The applicable 
definitions to the Product Formula(e) will be inserted 
in the clause "Definitions relating to the Product" of 
the applicable Final Terms.]
1.2
Automatic Early Redemption Amount
1.2.1
General description
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Automatic Early Redemption" is stated as being 
"Applicable", any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount(s) appearing in the paragraph relating to the Reference Product in Condition 3 will be 
replicated in the clause "Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s)" of the applicable Final Terms with 
the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessaries Schedule(s), 
the indication of the Specific Definitions and/or applicable Add-ons:
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount(s):
Unless previously redeemed, if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred, then the Fiduciary 
shall redeem early the Notes on Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(i) (i from t1 to t2), by payment of 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions in respect 
of each Note:
[Insert the Automatic Early Redemption Amount of 
the Product corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Product. The applicable definitions to the Product 
Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause "Definitions 
relating to the Product" of the applicable Final 
Terms.]
1.2.2
Automatic Early Redemption Events
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t), Reference Date(s)(x) or Reference 
Date(s)(y)  means 
- 
[the Valuation Date(i)] or 
-
[the date(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
-
each of Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y))  
within the Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i) or 
-
[at least one Valuation Date(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) 
within the Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)] or 
-
[[NumberofDays] consecutive Valuation Date(s)(t) within the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Schedule(i)] or

--- Page 325 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
325
-
[at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation 
Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
Schedule(i)] or 
-
[date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
Schedule(i)] or 
-
[each of date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Schedule(i)] or 
-
[at least one date(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Schedule(i)] or 
-
[[NumberofDays] consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)] or 
-
[at least [NumberofDays] non consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within 
the Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)] or 
-
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] 
Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
-
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] 
-
as defined in the applicable Final Terms if the case may be.
a)
Description:
Mono-Underlying 
Automatic Early Redemption Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), [[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
[higher] [lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] [AutocallBarrier(i)]] [[and] [or] [on 
Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a 
Memory] [a Target] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(y)]  
[a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] Knock-In 
Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] or [the Closing Price 
[S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Closing Price [S(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier_2] 
[AutocallBarrier_2(i)]].
Multi-Underlyings 
Automatic Early Redemption Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) of at least 
one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] 
of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] 
[AutocallBarrier(i,k)]] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] Knock-in Event has [not] occurred] [[and] 
[or] [on Reference Date(s)(y)] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a 
Memory] 
[a 
Target] 
Knock-in 
Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred] 
[[and] 
[or] 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) 
of 
each 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)]

--- Page 326 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
326
or [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price 
[S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier_2] [AutocallBarrier_2(i,k)]].
b)
Variable Data:
NumberofDays; AutocallBarrier; AutocallBarrier_2
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2; Closing Price; Intraday Price
1.3
Final Redemption Amount
1.3.1
General principles
a)
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Final Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Product appearing in the paragraph relating to the Reference Product in Condition 
3 will be replicated in the clause "Final Redemption Amount" of the applicable Final Terms 
with the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessaries 
Schedule(s), the indication of the Specific Definitions and/or applicable Add-ons set out 
in Conditions 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 1.4 below:
Final Redemption 
Amount:
Unless previously redeemed, the Fiduciary shall redeem 
the Notes on the [Scheduled] Maturity Date, by payment of 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions in respect of each 
Note:
[Insert the Final Redemption Amount of the Product 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Product. The 
applicable definitions to the Product Formula(e) will be 
inserted in the clause "Definitions relating to the Product" of 
the applicable Final Terms.]
b)
If the Notes are Open-ended Notes or EU Allowance Notes, any product of (i) Specified 
Denomination and (ii) the Product Formula used to determine a Final Redemption Amount 
in Condition 3 below may be used as an Optional Redemption Amount in which case such 
product of (i) Specified Denomination and (ii) Product Formula shall be replicated in the 
clause "Optional Redemption Amount" of the relevant Final Terms and the Reference 
Product [and the Option as the case may be] for such Final Redemption Amount shall be 
indicated in such Final Terms.
1.3.2
Physical Delivery principles
a)
Description of Physical Delivery Amount:
CASE 1: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the 
basis of one Underlying and the currency of the Underlying is the same as the Specified 
Currency:
An integer number of Deliverable Asset determined and calculated pursuant to the following 
formula:
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice

--- Page 327 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
327
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in 
the Specified Currency is calculated by multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Closing 
Price of the Underlying as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount is rounded up to 4 
decimals.
CASE 2: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the 
basis of one Underlying and the currency of the Underlying is different from the Specified 
Currency:
An integer number of Deliverable Asset determined and calculated pursuant to the following 
formula:
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / (PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice x 
FXRate(T))
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in 
the Specified Currency is calculated by multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Product 
of (i) the relevant Closing Price of the Underlying as of Valuation Date(T) and (ii) the relevant 
FXRate as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount is rounded up to 4 decimals.
CASE 3: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the 
basis of more than one Underlying and the currency of these Underlyings is the same as 
the Specified Currency:
An integer number of Deliverable Asset(k) determined and calculated pursuant to the 
following formula:
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice(k) 
With:
(k) being the Underlying with the lowest Performance(T,k), provided that if several 
Underlyings achieve the same lowest Performance(T,k), the Underlying having the largest 
market capitalisation is retained;
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in 
the Specified Currency is calculated by multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Closing 
Price of this Underlying as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount is rounded up to 4 
decimals.
CASE 4: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the 
basis of more than one Underlying and the currency of at least one Underlying is different 
from the Specified Currency:
An integer number of Deliverable Asset(k) determined and calculated pursuant to the 
following formula:
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / (PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice(k) x 
FXRate(T))
With:
(k) being the Underlying with the lowest Performance(T,k), provided that if several 
Underlyings achieve the same lowest Performance(T,k), the Underlying having the largest 
market capitalisation is retained; 
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in 
the Specified Currency is calculated by multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Product

--- Page 328 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
328
of (i) the relevant Closing Price of the Underlying as of Valuation Date(T) and (ii) the relevant 
FXRate as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount is rounded up to 4 decimals.
Being specified that, in the case where (i) a Non-exempt Offer and (ii) the share in Societe 
Generale is specified as Deliverable Asset in the applicable Final Terms, the part of the 
Physical Delivery Amount composed by shares in Societe Generale will be replaced by a 
cash amount. This cash amount is calculated by multiplying (a) the number of shares in 
Societe Generale being in the composition of the Physical Delivery Amount by (b) the 
Closing Price of the share in Societe Generale as of Valuation Date(T) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. This cash amount is rounded up to 4 decimals and converted, if 
any, in the Specified Currency. 
b)
Variable Data:
PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice
1.4
Add-ons relating to Product Formulae
When an Add-on is used in respect of the Product Formula of a Product Amount defined in Condition 
3 below, this will supplement, modify or supersede, such Product Formula. 
For each Product Amount in respect of which an Add-on is used, the relevant Product Amount 
section of the applicable Final Terms shall include the reference to (a) the relevant Add-on 
(Conditions 1.4.1 to 1.4.11), (b) the applicable Option in relation to the relevant Add-on (Conditions 
1.4.5 to 1.4.6) and (c) the applicable Product Formula(e) (Condition 3) and / or Variable Data 
(Condition 5).
1.4.1
Add-on relating to Automatic Early Redemption Amount
If the paragraph "Automatic Early Redemption Amount" of a Product of a Family of Product is 
specified as being "Applicable" in Condition 3 below, this may nevertheless be modified as follows 
in accordance with the information indicated in the clause "Reference of the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms: 
-
this clause may be set as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, 
consequently, no Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be paid under the Product; 
-
the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount may 
be superseded by one or more Product Formula(e) relating to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in 
Condition 3 below.
-
the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Automatic Early Redemption may be 
superseded by one or more Product Formula(e) relating to the Final Redemption Amount 
of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below, 
calculated on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount.
if the paragraph "Automatic Early Redemption Amount" of a Product of a Family of Product is 
specified as being "Not Applicable" in Condition 3 below, this may nevertheless be modified to" 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, consequently, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount shall be paid for this Product by applying (i) the Product Formula relating to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described 
in Condition 3 below or (ii) the Product Formula(e) relating to the Final Redemption Amount of any 
other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below, calculated on the 
relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
1.4.2
Add-on relating to the Structured Interest Amount

--- Page 329 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
329
If the paragraph "Structured Interest Amount" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of a Product of 
a Family of Product in Condition 3 below, this may nevertheless be modified as follows in 
accordance with the information indicated in the clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable 
Final Terms: 
-
this clause may be set as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, 
consequently, no Structured Interest Amount shall be paid under the Product; 
-
the Product Formula(e) predefined in Condition 3 below relating to the Structured Interest 
Amount(s) may be replaced by one or more Product Formula(e) relating to the Structured 
Interest Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 
3 below.
If the clause "Structured Interest Amount" is specified as "Not Applicable" in respect of a Product of 
a Family of Product in Condition 3 below, this may nevertheless be modified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms of the Product and consequently, a Structured Interest Amount(s) shall be 
paid under the Product by applying the Product Formula relating to the Structured Interest Amount 
of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below. 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below relating to the Structured Interest Amount of a 
Product of the Family of Products "Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products" may be 
superseded or supplemented by any other Product Formula relating to the Structured Interest 
Amount of a Product of any Family of Product other than the Family of Products "Credit Linked 
Products or Repack Notes Products" described in Condition 3 below. In addition, in such a case 
"Specified Denomination" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount will be adjusted as per 
below:
-
in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, where relevant, "Specified 
Denomination" will be replaced by "Nominal Amount" in the formula of the Structured 
Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon"; and 
-
in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" 
will be replaced by the "Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount" in the 
formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that 
the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" or "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event"’ 
(as applicable) is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon".
1.4.3
Add-on relating to Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3. (relating to the Structured Interest Amount and/or the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount) of a Product of the 
Family of Products other than "Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products" may be 
superseded or supplemented by any other Product Formula (relating to the Structured Interest 
Amount and/or the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount) of a 
Product of the Family of Product "Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products" In such a case, 
all the provisions applicable to the Family of Product "Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes 
Products" in case of occurrence of one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) or Bond Event 
Determination Date(s) (as applicable) will apply to a Product Formula, notwithstanding Condition 
1.1.1and 1.1.2(i) of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, and Condition 
1.1.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Repack Notes, as applicable. 
In addition, when relevant:
a.
The formula of the Structured Interest Amount will be adjusted as per below: 
-
in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, where relevant, 
"Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Nominal Amount" in the formula of 
the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that

--- Page 330 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
330
the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed 
Coupon"; and 
-
in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, where relevant, "Specified 
Denomination" will be replaced by the "Relevant Proportion of the Interest 
Calculation Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the 
applicable Final Terms stipulate that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" or "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event" (as applicable) is specified as being 
"Guaranteed Coupon".
b.
The formula of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount if one or more Credit Event 
Determination Date(s) occur(s) will be adjusted as per below:  
-
"Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Cash Redemption Amount" in the 
formula of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount; or 
-
the full formula of the "Automatic Early Redemption Amount" will be replaced by 
"Cash Redemption Amount". 
c.
The formula of the Final Redemption Amount if one or more Credit Event Determination 
Date(s) occur(s) will be adjusted as per below: 
-
"Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Cash Redemption Amount" in the 
formula of the Final Redemption Amount; or 
-
the full formula of the "Final Redemption Amount" will be replaced by "Cash 
Redemption Amount".
1.4.4
Add-on relating to Memory Coupon(s)
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Structured 
Interest Amount related to a Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or an Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount and/or determine an Automatic Early Redemption Event related to an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or a Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, can be 
modified as follows in order to take into account the Structured Interest Amount and/or the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount crystallised by the Product on all preceding Valuation Date(s).
The memory effect applies at Memory Valuation Dates which are included in the Schedule of 
Valuation Dates(i) with VD(T) being the last valuation date of this Schedule. The applicable Final 
Terms shall specify the Valuation Dates as well as the Memory Valuation Dates. There are the two 
following cases for the same product:
CASE 1: Valuation Date(i) is a Memory Valuation Date:
[Structured Interest Amount(VD(i))] [Automatic Early Redemption Amount(VD(i))] = Max(Floor(i) ; 
Min(Cap(i); 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation_1 
x 
ProductFormula(VD(i)) 
– 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1))))
Or applied to the relevant scenario of the Final Redemption
Final Redemption Amount = Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ; Specified Denomination x 
Participation_FRA 
x 
(ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
+ 
ProductFormula_FRA(VD(T))) 
– 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(T-1))))
Where:
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1)) = SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-2)) + [Structured Interest 
Amount(VD(i-1))] [+Fixed Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))] [+ Floating Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))]

--- Page 331 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
331
SumCouponsCrystallised may be an amount or the observed value of a ReferenceFormula applied 
to the Product Underlying(s).
With:
[SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(0)) 
= 
0 
(zero)] 
or 
[SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(t1)) 
= 
SumCoupons_t1]
CASE 2: Valuation Date(i) is not a Memory Valuation Date 
[Structured Interest Amount(VD(i))] [Automatic Early Redemption Amount(VD(i))] = Max(Floor(i); 
Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination x Participation_2 x ProductFormula(VD(i))))
With:
Participation, Floor and Cap being Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms.
a)
Application: general case
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), Performance(VD(i)) is higher than or equal to -5% and Valuation 
Date(i) is a Memory Valuation Date, then:
Structured 
Interest 
Amount(VD(i)) 
= 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
(3% 
x 
i) 
– 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1))
Where: 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1)) 
= 
SumCouponCrystallised(VD(i-2)) 
+ 
[Structured 
Interest Amount(VD(i-1))] [+Fixed Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))] [+ Floating Coupon Amount 
(VD(i-1))]
With:
[SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(0)) 
= 
0] 
or 
[SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(t1)) 
= 
SumCoupons_t1]
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), Performance(VD(i)) is higher than or equal to -5% and Valuation 
Date(i) is not a Memory Valuation Date, then:
Structured Interest Amount(VD(i)) = Specified Denomination x 3%
Scenario 3:
If on Valuation Date(i), Performance(VD(i)) is lower than -5%, then:
Structured Interest Amount(VD(i)) = 0 (zero)
b)
Specific case: each Valuation Date(i) is a Memory Valuation Date 
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a 
Structured Interest Amount related to a Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or an Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount and/or determine an Automatic Early Redemption Event related 
to an Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or a Final Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, can be modified as follows in order to take into account the Structured 
Interest Amount and/or the Automatic Early Redemption Amount crystallised by the product

--- Page 332 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
332
on all preceding Valuation Date(s). In this case, the applicable Final Terms will not specify 
Memory Valuation Dates.
[Structured Interest Amount(i)] [Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i)] = Max(Floor(i) ; 
Min(Cap(i) 
; 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation(i) 
x 
ProductFormula(i) 
– 
SumCouponsCrystallised(i-1)))
Or applied to the relevant scenario of the Final Redemption
Final Redemption Amount = Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ; Specified Denomination x 
Participation_FRA x (ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + ProductFormula_FRA(VD(T))) – 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(T-1)))) 
Where:
SumCouponsCrystallised(i-1) = SumCouponsCrystallised(i-2) + [Structured Interest 
Amount(i-1)] [+Fixed Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))] [+ Floating Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))]
SumCouponsCrystallised may be an amount or the observed value of a ReferenceFormula 
applied to the Product Underlying(s).
With:
[SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(0)) 
= 
0] 
or 
[SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(t1)) 
= 
SumCoupons_t1]
Participation, Floor and Cap being Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms.
1.4.5
Add-on relating to Global Factors
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Product 
Amount may be modified by the addition of a GlobalCap, GlobalFloor, GlobalAdditiveFactor and 
GlobalMultiplicativeFactor:
Option 1: If a GlobalCap applies, then:
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Min(GlobalCap ; ProductFormula), with GlobalCap 
being a Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Option 2: If a GlobalFloor applies, then:
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Max(GlobalFloor ; ProductFormula), with GlobalFloor 
being a Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Option 3: If a GlobalAdditiveFactor applies, then:
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x (ProductFormula + GlobalAdditiveFactor), with 
GlobalAdditiveFactor being a Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Option 4: If a GlobalMultiplicativeFactor applies, then:
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x ProductFormula x GlobalMultiplicativeFactor, with 
GlobalMultiplicativeFactor being a Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.4.6
Add-on relating to Foreign Exchange Rates
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Product 
Amount expressed in a currency other than the Specified Currency may be modified as follows in 
order to ensure that the Product Amount is denominated and paid in the Specified Currency:

--- Page 333 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
333
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ]
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, when relevant:
(a)
the Aggregate Nominal Amount, expressed in the Specified Currency, may be converted 
into a currency other than the Specified Currency (the Hedge Currency) at the beginning of 
the lifetime of the product. In such case, the following precision will be given in the applicable 
Final Terms with respect to the Aggregate Nominal Amount.
Upon receipt of the proceeds settled and denominated in the Specified Currency relating to 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount, Societe Generale, when entering into hedging transactions 
in its role of Fiduciary of the Note or in its role of provider of hedging instruments to the 
Fiduciary of the Notes, as the case may be, will convert such proceeds denominated in the 
Specified Currency into the Hedge Currency, in accordance with FXRate(0), and will hedge 
the product by using the proceeds converted into the Hedge Currency.
(b)
when the Aggregate Nominal Amount has been converted into the Hedge Currency, the 
Nominal Amount, the Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount, the Cash 
Redemption Amount, or any amount used to determine an amount to be paid by the 
Fiduciary to the Noteholders as specifed in the applicable Final Terms, each of such amount 
being thus deemed to be expressed in the Hedge Currency, may be converted into the 
Specified Currency in order to ensure that the related Product Amount, or any other related 
amount to be paid by the Fiduciary to Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount, 
is denominated and paid in the Specified Currency. In such case:
-
FXRate(i) (i from 1 to T) shall be multiplied to the Product Formula of the related 
Product Amount or be taken into account in determining any other related amount 
to be paid by the Fiduciary to Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount; 
and
-
the following precision will be given in the applicable Final Terms with respect to the 
related Product Amount, or any other related amount to be paid by the Fiduciary to 
Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount:
-
Pursuant to the initial conversion into the Hedge Currency of the proceeds settled 
and denominated in the Specified Currency relating to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, [the Nominal Amount] [the Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation 
Amount] [the Cash Redemption Amount] [any amount used to determine an amount 
to be paid by the Fiduciary to the Noteholders as specifed in the applicable Final 
Terms], and any other related amount, will be deemed to be denominated in the 
Hedge Currency.
[The related Product Amount] [Any other related amount to be paid by the Fiduciary 
to Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount], and when relevant, any 
other amount relating to the [payment of interest] [reimbursement of capital] to be 
received by the Noteholders, will be payable in the Specified Currency.
Each FXRate(i) (i from 0 to T) mentioned above will be defined in accordance with Condition 4.0 
herein.
1.4.7
Add on relating to Capitalisation Rate
For some Products for which there is a significant period of time between the Last Valuation Date 
and the last Payment Date, the Product Formula can become: 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula x CapitalisationRate
With CapitalisationRate calculated on the relevant period of calculation.

--- Page 334 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
334
As an illustration, such CapitalisationRate can be Eonia Rate, … 
1.4.8
Add on relating to hedging fees applicable to a Product Formula
For some Products for which specific hedging fees are applicable, the Product Formula can become:
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula x Hedging Fees Factor
And
Hedging Fees Factor(i)
=   
i
∏
t = 1[ (1 ― Factor_1(t ― 1) ×
ACT(t ― 1,t)
360
) ×(1 ― (
Factor_Fees(t ― 1) + Factor_Gap(t ― 1) + Factor_Collat(t ― 1) + Factor_Quanto(t ― 1))
×
ACT(t ― 1,t)
360
) ×(1 + Factor_Rate(t ― 1) ×
ACT(t ― 1,t)
[360][365] )]
Where:
Factor_1(t) means [0] [Factor_1, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of 
the Product.] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product. 
Factor_1(0) is equal to Factor_1 as of Valuation Date(0) and for each subsequent Valuation Date(t), 
the value of Factor_1(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed 
Factor_1_Max.]
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the 
value of the Product. Max.].] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of 
the Product. Factor_Fees(t) will be equal to Factor_Fees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_Fees(t) may be amended by the Calculation 
Agent provided that it shall not exceed Factor_Fees_Max.] [the sum of the Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), 
the Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the Factor_StructuringFees(t).].]
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, which is an annual commission rate 
deducted from the value of the Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.] [a rate which is an annual 
commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid to the Weighting Advisor. 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) will be equal to Factor_AdvisoryFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_AdvisoryFees (t) may be amended by the 
Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed Factor_AdvisoryFees_Max.]
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, which is an annual commission 
rate deducted from the value of the Product paid to the distributor.] [a rate which is an annual 
commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid to the distributor. 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) will be equal to Factor_DistributionFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for 
each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_DistributionFees(t) may be amended by the 
Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed Factor_DistributionFees_Max.] 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, which is an annual commission 
rate deducted from the value of the Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] [a rate which is an annual 
commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid to the Calculation Agent. 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) will be equal to Factor_StructuringFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for 
each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_StructuringFees (t) may be amended by the 
Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed Factor_StructuringFees_Max.]
Factor_Gap(t) means [0] [Factor_Gap_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent 
Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_Gap(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to 
reflect][, in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual gap premium rate as of such Valuation 
Date(t), as determined by the Calculation Agent] [as] [the cost that the Fiduciary (and/or its affiliates) 
would charge to replicate the performance of the Product, which includes, inter alia, the costs of 
hedging the risk of the market value of the Product becoming negative].

--- Page 335 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
335
Factor_Collat(t) means [0][Factor_Collat_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent 
Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_Collat(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order 
to reflect] [, for each Valuation Date(t), an annual rate which shall be determined with respect to 
such Valuation Date(t) by the Calculation Agent as][the cost that would be incurred by the Fiduciary 
(and/or its affiliates) if it were to borrow the Collateral Assets (through, for example, but without 
limitation, a securities lending or repurchase agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of 
the Product as of such Valuation Date(t) (as determined by the Calculation Agent)] [multiplied by 
the Collateralisation Percentage].
Factor_Quanto(t) means [0] [Factor_Quanto_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent 
Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_Quanto(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order 
to reflect][, in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual quanto cost as of such Valuation Date(t), 
as determined by the Calculation Agent] [as] [the cost that the Fiduciary (and/or its affiliates) would 
charge to replicate the performance of the Product, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging 
the foreign exchange risk under the Product] 
Factor_Rate(t) means, in respect of Valuation Date(t), the fixing of Interest_Rate_Overnight, as 
ascertained by the Calculation Agent based on the Rate Source.
Interest_Rate_Overnight means an interest rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Rate Source means a data source specified in the applicable Final Terms.
1.4.9
Add-on relating to Optional Redemption Amount(s)
In the case of Notes other than Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary" is 
"Applicable":
-
The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Redemption Amount may be determined 
on the basis of one or more Product Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Redemption Amount 
of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below 
calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date and (ii) 
different from the Product Formula of the Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" 
is "Applicable":
-
The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Redemption Amount may be determined 
on the basis of one or more Product Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Redemption Amount 
of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below 
calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date and (ii) 
different from the Product Formula of the Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
1.4.10
Add-on relating to Variable Data
Any Variable Data that may be used to determine and/or to calculate the Product Amount of a 
Product of any Family of Products defined in Condition 3 below, can be replaced by any Reference 
Formulae appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29 or by any value yielded by one or several mathematical 
operations which may imply one or several Reference Formula(e) appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 
4.29, and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the 
Product Amount.
Illustration : 
For the product 3.3.2 "Digital Coupon Autocall", the paragraph “Variable Data” indicates 
“CouponBarrier” among other Variable Datas. If the Add-on relating to Variable Data is specified as

--- Page 336 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
336
Applicable, CouponBarrier  can be replaced by any Reference Formulae appearing in Conditions 
4.0 to 4.29.
As an example, CouponBarrier(i) can be defined as ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), 
ReferenceFormula(i-1)).
1.4.11 Add-on relating to EU Allowance
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Structured 
Interest Amount related to a Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or an Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount and/or determine an Automatic Early Redemption Event related to an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or a Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, can be 
modified in order to take into account the Arbitrage Opportunity.  The applicable Final Terms shall 
indicate the Reference Formulae from Condition 4 below used in this incoming Product Formula.
where applied to the Structured Interest Amount:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max [ 0% ; [Coupon_1 x [ ( Act(i1,i2) / Act(i3,i4) ) ] ] [+ ReferenceFormula_ 
Arbitrage Opportunity(i) ] - Max(Floor_1 ; Min(Cap_1 ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_SIA 
_Spread Value(i) – Strike_1))) ]
where applied to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount:
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 [+ Coupon_2 x [ ( Act(i1,i2) / Act(i3,i4) 
) ] ] [+ ReferenceFormula_Arbitrage Opportunity(i)] - Max(Floor_2 ; Min(Cap_2 ; Participation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_AERA _Spread Value(i) –Strike_2))) ]
Or applied to the relevant scenario of the Final Redemption Amount
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 [+ Coupon_3 x [ ( Act(i1,i2) / Act(i3,i4) 
) ] ] [+ ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity(T)] - Max(Floor_3 ; Min(Cap_3 ; Participation_3 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Spread Value(T) –Strike_3))) ]
1.5
Payment currency(ies)
Payments in respect of the Product will be made in the Specified Currency, as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, except when the applicable Final Terms specify that "Dual Currency Note 
Provisions" is applicable, where payments in respect of the Product will be made in the Settlement 
Currency (which can vary depending of the different scenarios of the Product), as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
In case of Dual Currency Notes, any relevant currency can be specified in the paragraph relating to 
any Product Amount. 
1.6
Instalment products
When the applicable Final Terms specify that "Instalment Note Provisions" is applicable, the 
Specified Denomination can be replaced by the Adjusted Specified Denomination (as defined the 
applicable Final Terms) for the purpose of calculating any Product Amount relating to the Product.

--- Page 337 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
337
2.
SCHEDULE – GENERAL DEFINITIONS AND SPECIFIC DEFINITION(S) - VARIABLE DATA -  
REFERENCE FORMULA(E)
2.1
Schedule
A Schedule designates either (A) a list of Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any 
other date(s), or (B) all Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) 
comprised within a defined period.
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for the determination and calculation 
of a Product Amount. For ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed (e.g. Period, Corridor Period, 
Interest Period, European Knock-In Period, American Knock-In Period,...).
Furthermore, in respect of a Product Formula and a particular Schedule, also for ease of reading, 
"Valuation Date" or "Relevant Valuation Date" may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made 
of daily Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule 
with annual Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for another 
Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A 
Valuation Date",...).
2.2
General Definitions and Specific Definition(s)
2.2.1
General Definitions: Definitions listed in Condition 5 below applicable to all the Families of Products 
and to each Product within a Family of Product. 
2.2.2
Specific Definition(s): Definitions used, as the case may be, to determine and calculate a Product 
Amount and/or the related Reference Formula. One or more specific definitions may be necessary 
(hereafter the Specific Definition(s)). The Specific Definitions are set out in the paragraph of 
Condition 3 below corresponding to the relevant Reference of the Product and called "Specific 
Definitions" and replicated in the applicable Final Terms. When no Specific Definition is necessary 
to determine and calculate a Product Amount, the paragraph "Specific Definition(s)" shall mention: 
"No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount". 
2.3
Variable Data
One or more variable data are necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount of a Product 
(referred to as the Variable Data). The definition of the Variable Date that may be used for the 
Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products are listed in Condition 5.4 "Variable Data" 
below.
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 and that may be used in respect of one or more Products 
of a Family of Products are set out in the paragraph X.X.0 of the relevant Family of Product (e.g. 
3.3.0). 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 necessary to a specific Product are set out in the paragraph 
"Variable Data" of such Product. 
In the applicable Final Terms, depending on their respective definition set out in Condition 5.4 below, 
the Variable Data can be an amount, a level, a percentage or the observed value of a Reference 
Formula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product. 
If in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Variable Data has a 
value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable 
for the calculation of certain Product Amounts, then Product Formula(e) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms may be simplified for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility 
of formula(e). 
For instance, if the Product Formula of a Product Amount of a particular Product is:
ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Participation x ReferenceFormula_Coupon)

--- Page 338 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
338
And the Variable Data "ConstantRedemptionLevel" is equal to 0, "Participation" is equal to 1, and 
"Cap" is not applicable
Then the Product Formula of such Product Amount may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms 
as follows:
ReferenceFormula_Coupon
2.4
Reference Formula(e)
Reference Formula(e) are pre-defined basic formulae specified under Condition 4 below (referred 
to as individually the Reference Formula and collectively Reference Formulae) which are used, 
as the case may be, as inputs in respect of an Option, a Product Formula and/or one or several 
Specific Definitions necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount.
For each Product described in Condition 3 below appears a paragraph called "Reference 
Formula(e)".
This paragraph indicates:
(i)
on one side, the context in which are used the Reference Formulae of the Product, by the 
suffix which precedes the expression "Reference Formula_" e.g.
-
"ReferenceFormula_Final" which means that the Reference Formula of the 
Product is used to determine the Final Redemption Amount of the Product and the 
Product Formula, the Option and/or one or several Specific Definitions necessary 
to the determination of the Final Redemption Amount contain the instruction 
"Reference Formula_Final";
For example, for the product 3.1.1 "Certificate", the paragraph "Reference 
Formula(e)" indicates "Reference Formula_ Final" which means that a Reference 
Formula is used to determine the Final Redemption Amount and the paragraph 
"Final Redemption" indicates:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
+ 
Participation 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T))
-
"ReferenceFormula_AERA" means that the Reference Formula of the Product is 
used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption Amount of the Product, if any. 
For example, for the product 3.1.2 "European Forward", the paragraph "Reference 
Formula(e)" indicates "ReferenceFormula_AERA" means that a Reference 
Formula is used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and the 
paragraph "Automatic Early Redemption" indicates: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product 
Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) + 
Participation_AERA(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i))
-
"ReferenceFormula_Coupon" means that the Reference Formula of the Product 
is used to determine the Final Redemption Amount of the Product and the Product 
Formula, the Option and/or one or several Specific Definitions necessary to the 
determination of the Final Redemption Amount contain the instruction 
"ReferenceFormula_Coupon ";

--- Page 339 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
339
For example, for the product 3.5.1 "Accumulator", the paragraph "Reference 
Formula(e)" indicates "ReferenceFormula_Coupon" means that a Reference 
Formula is used to determine the Structured Interest Amount and the paragraph 
"Structured Interest" indicates:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor(i) 
; 
Min(Cap(i) 
; 
Participation(i) 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i))))
(ii)
on the other side, the name of the applicable Reference Formulae and/or the ones most 
likely to be applicable to the Product can have; in each case, the paragraph "Reference 
Formula(e)" will also indicate the Families of Products to which the applicable or the most 
likely to be applicable Reference Formula(e) belongs to.  For example, if the paragraph 
"Reference Formula(e)" indicates "AverageTimeLevel” (as defined under Condition 4.9 
below of the Family of "TimeLevel"), it means that the Reference Formula 
"AverageTimeLevel", belonging to the "TimeLevel" Family as defined in Condition 4.9 
below, is applicable or is the most likely to be applicable to the Product.
A Reference Formula will be used to determine either Reference Price(s), Reference 
Performance(s), Reference Level(s) or Reference Fixing(s).
For the avoidance of doubt, when Reference Formula(e) is/are not relevant for a Product, it 
shall not appear in the applicable Final Terms of this Product.
Any Reference Formula indicated in Condition 4 below may also, in respect of a Product 
Formula, be used to be expressed as "Sum of ReferenceFormula", a "Difference of 
ReferenceFormula" or "ReferenceFormula – 100%" or "100% - ReferenceFormula" or be 
expressed as a negative component and be preceded by the sign"-".
Where:
o A: "Sum of ReferenceFormula" means that two or more Reference Formulae have been 
added together in order to determine a new Reference Formula for the purpose of 
determining a Product Amount.
o B: "Difference ReferenceFormula" means that a Reference Formula have been subtracted 
from another Reference Formula in order to determine a new Reference Formula for the 
purpose of determining a Product Amount.
o C: "ReferenceFormula – 100%" means that 100% has been subtracted from a Reference 
Formula in order to determine a new Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a 
Product Amount.
o D: "100% - ReferenceFormula" means that a ReferenceFormula has been subtracted from 
100% in order to determine the Reference Formula(e) for the purpose of determining a 
Product Amount.
Provided that options A to D above may be combined: for example a new Reference 
Formula may be created as a Sum of ReferenceFormula as per option A, and then 
subtracted from 100% as per option D.
Any Reference Formula defined in a currency other than the Specified Currency may be 
converted into the Specified Currency based on the applicable Foreign Exchange Rate 
between the currency of the Product Formula and the Specified Currency.
Reference Formula(e), Variable Data, applicable options or any other term which are 
defined in brackets "[…]" are optional.
3.
FAMILIES OF PRODUCTS

--- Page 340 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
340
3.1
Family of Products "Certificate"
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Certificates", the Reference of the 
Product of which is mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
Reference of the Product
Product
3.1.1
Certificate 
3.1.2
European Forward
3.1.3
Standard Forward
3.1.4
Certificate with Performance Fee
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family "Certificate" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket.
3.1.1
Certificate
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.1, the following applies:
3.1.1.0 Product Description: 
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a leverage factor.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) 
of the Product, which may be subject to a leverage factor.
3.1.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: 
Not Applicable
3.1.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) + 
Participation_AERA(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i)
3.1.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 341 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
341
If settlement by way of cash:
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Participation x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
3.1.1.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will mention the definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2.
3.1.1.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; Coupon_AERA; 
Participation; Participation_AERA; AutocallBarrier
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.1.1.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_AERA; ReferenceFormula_Final
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
3.1.2
European Forward
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.2, the following applies:
3.1.2.1 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal 
to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) which may be 
subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a leverage factor.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to the value of the Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.1.2.2 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable

--- Page 342 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
342
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon(i) ; Constant_Coupon + 
Participation_Coupon(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Coupon_Strike(i))))
3.1.2.3 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) 
+ 
Coupon_AERA(i) 
+ 
Participation_AERA(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i)
3.1.2.4 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
If settlement by way of cash:
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ; (ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
+ FinalParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) - FinalStrike)))) 
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
3.1.2.5 Specific Definition(s):
The Final applicable Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will mention the definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2.
3.1.2.6 Variable Data:
Floor_Coupon; Cap_Coupon; Participation_Coupon; Participation_AERA; Coupon_Strike; 
Constant_Coupon; ConstantRedemption_AERA; Coupon_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; FinalParticipation; Floor_FRA; Cap_FRA; FinalStrike
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.1.2.7 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_AERA; ReferenceFormula_Final 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.1.3
Standard Forward
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.3, the following disposition 
applies:

--- Page 343 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
343
3.1.3.0 Product Description
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest.
-
This Product does not pay any Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the value of the Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor 
and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.1.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.1.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.1.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x ProductFormula(T)
If settlement by way of cash:
ProductFormula(T) = Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ; ConstantRedemption_FRA + Final 
Participation x (ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – Final Strike)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
3.1.3.4 Specific Definitions:
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will mention the definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2.
3.1.3.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemption_FRA; FinalParticipation; Floor_FRA; Cap_FRA; FinalStrike
These variable data are defined under condition 5.4 herein
3.1.3.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.1.4
Certificate with Performance Fee
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.4, the following applies:
3.1.4.0 Product Description:

--- Page 344 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
344
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
This Product does not pay any Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the value of the Certificate Level calculated depending on the option selected 
among 4 possible, applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product net of hedging fees 
and performance fees, and may be subject to a leverage factor.
3.1.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.1.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.1.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
If settlement by way of cash:
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
+ 
Participation 
x 
CertificateLevel(RVD(T))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
3.1.4.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned below if relevant :
CertificateLevel(t) = CL(t) / Strike
Option A : Performance Fee Highwatermark
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging 
fees and performance fees determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging 
Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - Perf Fee(t)]
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to 
the Weighting Advisor and determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) 
/ Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - BL(t))]
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero)
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i)
Option B : Performance Fee with Fixed Rate Benchmark

--- Page 345 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
345
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging 
fees and performance fees determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging 
Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - Perf Fee(t)]
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to 
the Weighting Advisor and determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) 
/ Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - BL(t))]
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero)
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i) x [1 + FixedRate x Act(i,t) / 360] 
Option C : Performance Fee with Reference Rate Benchmark
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging 
fees and performance fees determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / 
Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - Perf Fee(t)]
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to 
the Weighting Advisor and determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee 
Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - BL(t, k2))]
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero)
BL(t, k2) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i) xProduct for j from i to t-1 of [1 + 
Fixing(j, k2) x Act(j, j+1) / TimeBasis]
Option D : Performance Fee with Index Benchmark
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging 
fees and performance fees determined by the Calculation Agent as follows :
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / 
Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - Perf Fee(t)]
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to 
the Weighting Advisor and determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 346 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
346
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t, k1) / S(t-1, k1) × Hedging Fee 
Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - BL(t, k2))]
Where : 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero)
BL(t, k2) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t, of CL(tr) x S(i, k2) / S(tr, k2)
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as well, as the case may be, one or more 
definitions defined below if relevant.
Hedging Fee Factor(t) means Product for i from 1 to t of (1 – (Factor_Fees(i-1)) x (Act(i-
1;i) / 360)) [Where Hedging Fee Factor(0) = 1]
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from 
the 
value 
of 
the 
Product.] 
[the 
sum 
of 
the 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), 
the 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the Factor_StructuringFees(t).]
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, which is an annual commission 
rate deducted from the value of the Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.] 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, which is an annual 
commission rate deducted from the value of the Product paid to the Distributor.] 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, which is an annual 
commission rate deducted from the value of the Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will mention the definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2.
3.1.4.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; Participation, ConstantCertificateLevel; PF; Strike; 
FixedRate; 
Factor_Fees; 
Factor_AdvisoryFees; 
Factor_DistributionFees; 
Factor_StructuringFees.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.1.4.6 Reference Formula(e):
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
S (as defined under condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate)
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings")
3.2
Family of Products "Vanilla"
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Vanilla", the Reference of the Product 
of which is mentioned in the table below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause 
"Reference of the Product".

--- Page 347 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
347
Reference of the Product
Product
3.2.1
European Call
3.2.2
European Put
3.2.3
Digital Call
3.2.4
Digital Put
3.2.5
Call Standard
3.2.6
Put Standard
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family "Vanilla" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where 
the Product Amount(s) are determined based on either (a) an amount which depends on the 
performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket 
(European Calls and Puts) or (b) a pre-defined fixed amount (Digital Calls/Puts). Performance or 
level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, 
leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped.
3.2.1
European Call
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.1, the following applies:
3.2.1.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a Strike.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor .
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible:
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor.
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than or [equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.2.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:

--- Page 348 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
348
If on Valuation Date((i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] 
Strike(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; Participation_1(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) –CouponStrike_1(i))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date((i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] 
Strike(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; Participation_2(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) –CouponStrike_2(i))))
3.2.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.2.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA 
; 
 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) 
– 
FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.2.1.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.1.5 Variable Data:
Strike; Participation_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Floor_Coupon_1; Participation_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; Floor_Coupon_2; ConstantRedemption_AERA; Coupon_AERA; 
CouponStrike_1; CouponStrike_2; FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; Cap_FRA; Floor_FRA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; FinalParticipation 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 349 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
349
3.2.1.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.2.2
European Put
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.2, the following applies:
3.2.2.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a Strike.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than [or equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor.
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.2.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] 
Strike(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)

--- Page 350 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
350
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; Participation_1(i) x 
(CouponStrike_1(i) - ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] 
Strike(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; Participation_2(i) x 
(CouponStrike_2(i) - ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)))))
3.2.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.2.2.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA ; FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike_2 - ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.2.2.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.2.2.5 Variable Data:
Strike; Participation_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Floor_Coupon_1; Participation_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; Floor_Coupon_2; Coupon_AERA; CouponStrike_1; CouponStrike_2; 
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemption_AERA; Coupon_AERA; 
FinalParticipation; Cap_FRA; Floor_FRA
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.2.2.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2

--- Page 351 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
351
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.2.3
Digital Call
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.3, the following applies:
3.2.3.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible:
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the 
Underlying(s) is higher than [or equal to] a Barrier, the Structured Interest 
Amount equals a predetermined value.
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than [or equal to] 
a Barrier, no Structured Interest Amount is paid.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered and of its position compared to a Final 
Barrier.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.2.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] 
Barrier(i), then: 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] 
Barrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero)
3.2.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable

--- Page 352 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
352
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.2.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] 
FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] 
FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.2.3.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.2.3.5 Variable Data:
Barrier; Coupon; ConstantRedemption_AERA; Coupon_AERA; FinalBarrier; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_FRA 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.2.3.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; ReferenceFormula_Final
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.2.4
Digital Put
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.4, the following applies:
3.2.4.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible

--- Page 353 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
353
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the 
Underlying(s) is lower than [or equal to] a Barrier, the Structured Interest 
Amount equals a predetermined value.
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] 
a Barrier, no Structured Interest Amount is paid.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered and of its position compared to a Final 
Barrier.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.2.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] 
Barrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] 
Barrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero)
3.2.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.2.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] 
FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA
Scenario 2:

--- Page 354 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
354
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] 
FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.2.4.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.2.4.5 Variable Data:
Barrier; Coupon; ConstantRedemption_AERA; Coupon_AERA; FinalBarrier; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_FRA
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.2.4.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; ReferenceFormula_Final
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.2.5
Call Standard
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.5, the following applies:
3.2.5.1 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible:
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor.
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than or [equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.2.5.2 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.2.5.3 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 355 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
355
3.2.5.4 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA 
; 
 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) 
– 
FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.2.5.5 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.2.5.6 Variable Data:
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; Cap_FRA; Floor_FRA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; FinalParticipation 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.2.5.7 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.2.6
Put Standard
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.6, the following applies:
3.2.6.1 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.

--- Page 356 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
356
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible:
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than [or equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor.
o
If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] 
a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.2.6.2 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.2.6.3 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.2.6.4 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA ; FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike_2 - ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] 
FinalStrike_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.2.6.5 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.2.6.6 Variable Data:
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; FinalParticipation; Cap_FRA; Floor_FRA
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.2.6.7 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")

--- Page 357 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
357
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of 
the Family of "TimeLevel")
3.3
Family of Products "Barrier"
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Barrier", the Reference of the Product 
of which is mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the 
clause "Reference of the Product".
The clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms shall also indicate the 
applicable Option for the relevant Product selected amongst the Options described below to 
determine and calculate the Final Redemption Amount of the Product.
Reference of the Product
Product
3.3.1
Reverse Convertible
3.3.2
Digit Coupon Autocall
3.3.3
Digit Coupon Autocall with Memory Effect
3.3.4
Athena, Apollon
3.3.5
Double Opportunity
3.3.6
Digit Coupon Reverse Convertible
3.3.7
Reverse Convertible with Automatic Early Redemption Event
3.3.8
Digit Coupon Autocall with Recall Coupon
3.3.9
Athena Airbag
3.3.10
Twin Win
3.3.11
EU Allowance
3.3.12
Optimal Plus
3.3.13
Reserved
3.3.14
Bonus & Capped Bonus
3.3.15
Bonus Flex
3.3.16
Digit Coupon Jupiter
3.3.17
Phoenix/Athena Jupiter
3.3.18
Triple Opportunity
3.3.19
In-Line
3.3.20
Reserved
3.3.21
Sprint & Outperformance
3.3.22
Reserved
3.3.23
Reverse Capped Bonus
3.3.24
Reserved 
3.3.25
Reverse Sprint & Reverse Outperformance
3.3.26
Reserved
3.3.27
Digital Range
3.3.28
Range Coupon
3.3.29
Reserved
3.3.30
Equity Protection
3.3.31
Reverse Equity Protection
3.3.32
Range Accrual

--- Page 358 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
358
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family of Products "Barrier" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or 
negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several conditions (categorized in 
several scenarios). Typically, a condition is satisfied [or not] if the performance or level of an 
Underlying or Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket is higher than or equal to [or 
lower] a pre-defined barrier performance or level. Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, 
floored and/or capped.
3.3.0
Generic descriptions, Variable Data, relevant Reference Formula(e) and Specific Definition(s) 
for Barrier Products
3.3.0.1 Description of Options relating to the Final Redemption Amount of the Products of the 
Family of Products "Barrier"
Set out below a list of different options relating to the Final Redemption Amount. The clause 
"Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms will specify the applicable Option, 
if any, chosen from the options below, used for determining and calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount.
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will mention the definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2.
OPTION 0: Constant Redemption Level only
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA
Option 0 Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
OPTION 1: Final Barrier only
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or 
equal to] FinalBarrier, then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 359 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
359
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) 
– 
FinalStrike_2)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 1 Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a FinalBarrier.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which 
may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
OPTION 2: Final Barrier and Knock-In feature
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or 
equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or 
equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_3)))

--- Page 360 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
360
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 2 Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 3 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a FinalBarrier and / or the occurrence of an 
[American] [European] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] Knock-In event.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which 
may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.
OPTION 3: [European] [American] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] Knock-In feature
Scenario 1: 
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike)))
Scenario 2: 
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred, then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 3 Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends whether or not an [American] 
[European] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] Knock-In Event occurs.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which 
may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.

--- Page 361 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
361
OPTION 4: Two Final Barriers 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_3)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 4 Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 3 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product 
and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s).
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which 
may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.
OPTION 5: Two Final Barriers and Knock-In feature
Scenario 1:

--- Page 362 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
362
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_3)))
Scenario 4: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(RVD(T)) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; 
Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_4)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 5 Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 4 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product

--- Page 363 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
363
and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or 
whether or not a[n] [American] [European] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] 
Knock-In Event occurs.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which 
may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.
OPTION 6: Double opportunity
Scenario 1: 
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-
In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-
In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – 
FinalStrike_3)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 6 Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 3 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product

--- Page 364 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
364
and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / 
or whether or not a[n] [American] [European] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] 
Knock-In Event occurs.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which 
may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.
OPTION 7: Certificate
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor ; 
Min(FinalCap
; FinalBonus + FinalParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike)))
Option 7 Description:
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the value of the Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor 
and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
OPTION 8 with [2_3_4_5_6] Scenarios: Option Multi
Option 8 with 2 Scenarios
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; 
FinalBonus_1 
+ 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 365 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
365
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalBonus_2 
+ 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 8 with 3 Scenarios
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; 
FinalBonus_1 
+ 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalBonus_2 
+ 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalBonus_3 
+ 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3)))

--- Page 366 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
366
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 8 with 4 Scenarios
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; 
FinalBonus_1 
+ 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalBonus_2 
+ 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalBonus_3 
+ 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3)))
Scenario 4: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not]

--- Page 367 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
367
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_4 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_4 ; 
Min(FinalCap_4 ; 
FinalBonus_4 
+ 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 8 with 5 Scenarios
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; 
FinalBonus_1 
+ 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalBonus_2 
+ 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 368 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
368
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalBonus_3 
+ 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3)))
Scenario 4: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_4 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_4 ; 
Min(FinalCap_4 ; 
FinalBonus_4 
+ 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4)))
Scenario 5: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_5 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_5 ; 
Min(FinalCap_5 ; 
FinalBonus_5 
+ 
FinalParticipation_5 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 8 with 6 Scenarios
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 ; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; 
FinalBonus_1 
+ 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))

--- Page 369 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
369
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2+ 
Coupon_FRA_2 
 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalBonus_2 
+ 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalBonus_3 
+ 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3)))
Scenario 4: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_4 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_4 ; 
Min(FinalCap_4 ; 
FinalBonus_4 
+ 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4)))
Scenario 5: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 370 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
370
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_5 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_5 ; 
Min(FinalCap_5 ; 
FinalBonus_5 
+ 
FinalParticipation_5 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5)))
Scenario 6: 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is 
[lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] 
[a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:
If settlement by way of cash:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_6 
+ 
Coupon_FRA_6 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_6 ; 
Min(FinalCap_6 ; 
FinalBonus_6 
+ 
FinalParticipation_6 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_6(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_6)))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
Option 8 with [2/3/4/5/6] Scenarios Description:
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 (or the 3, or the 4, or the 5, or the 6 depending upon the number of 
scenarios selected) possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of 
the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) 
FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether or not a[n] [American] [European] 
[Low Barrier] [High Barrier] [Memory] [Target] [a Range] Knock-In 
Event occurs.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case 
may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to 
a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.3.0.2 Variable Data
Set out below the list of Variable Data that are necessary to determine and calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount depending on the Option applicable to the Product (selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and that will be indicated in the 
clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms).
In the table below, "X" means "Applicable"
Variable Data
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X

--- Page 371 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
371
Coupon_FRA[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
FinalBarrier[_1/2/3]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
FinalCap[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
FinalBonus[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
FinalParticipation[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.0.3 Reference Formula(e)
Set out below a list of Reference Formula(e) applicable to determine and compute the Final 
Redemption Amount, depending on the Option applicable to the Product selected amongst 
the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and indicated in the clause "Reference of 
the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.
In the table below, "X" means "Applicable"
Reference Formula(e)
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier[_1/2]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
ReferenceFormula_Final[_1/2/3/4/5/6]
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Performance or LeveragePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of 
"SimpleLevel")
WorstPerformance or LeverageWorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the 
Family of "WorstLevel")
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the 
Family of Basket Performance")
IntradayMinTimePerformance or WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance (as defined under 
Condition 4.22 of the Family of "IntradayLevel")
3.3.0.4 European Knock-In Events
European Knock-In Event can be renamed European Knock-Out Event, if relevant and 
appropriate.
a)
Description:
Mono-Underlying
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the Valuation Date(i)] or [the date as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms], [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-
In[_1/2/3/4](i)] or [the Closing Price [S(i)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i).
Multi-Underlyings
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the Valuation Date(i)] or [the date as

--- Page 372 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
372
defined in the applicable Final Terms], [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-
In[_1/2/3/4](i)] or [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of each 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)].
b)
Variable Data:
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]
Closing Price
3.3.0.5 American Knock-In Events
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t) means:
-
[Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms] or
-
[each of Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] 
Schedule(i)] or
-
[at least one Valuation Date(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] 
Schedule(i)] or 
-
[[NumberofDays] [consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In 
Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or
-
[at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American 
Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or
-
[the date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-
In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or
-
[each of the dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American 
Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or
-
[at least one date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American 
Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or
-
[[NumberofDays] [consecutive] dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or
-
[at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
-
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)] or

--- Page 373 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
373
-
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)].
An American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) is applicable for American Knock-In 
Event[_1/2/3/4](i), but also, if necessary for Low Barrier Knock-In Event, High Barrier Knock-
In Event, Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event, Second High Barrier Knock-In Event, 
Memory Knock-In Event or Issuer Call Event.
American Knock-In Event can be renamed American Knock-Out Event, Knock-In Event or 
Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate.
a)
Description:
Mono-Underlying
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or 
[each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [lower] 
than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)].
Multi-Underlyings
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at 
least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-
InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)].
b)
Variable Data:
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; NumberofDays
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price
3.3.0.6 Low and High Knock-In Events
As it will be detailed, Low and High Knock-In Event can be considered as American or 
European Knock-In Event. In this Section, Reference Date(s) is defined in Condition 3.3.0.5 
above:
Low and High Knock-In Event can be renamed Low and High Knock-Out Event, if relevant 
and appropriate.
a)
Description:

--- Page 374 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
374
Mono-Underlying
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday 
Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is lower than [or equal to] 
[LowBarrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the LowBarrierEventDate)].
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday 
Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is higher than [or equal to] 
[HighBarrier(i)] [( such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)].
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is lower than [or equal 
to] 
[SecondLowBarrier(i)] 
[(such 
date 
being 
referred 
as 
to 
the 
SecondLowBarrierEventDate)].
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is higher than [or equal 
to] 
[SecondHighBarrier(i)] 
[(such 
date 
being 
referred 
as 
to 
the 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate)].
Multi-Underlyings
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t,k) of each 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday 
Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at 
least one Underlying(k)] is lower than [or equal to] [LowBarrier(i)] [LowBarrier(i,k)] 
[(such date being referred as to the LowBarrierEventDate)].
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of each 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday 
Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at 
least one Underlying(k)] is higher than [or equal to] [HighBarrier(i)] [HighBarrier(i,k)] 
[(such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)].
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing 
Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] 
of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one

--- Page 375 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
375
Underlying(k)] 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
[SecondLowBarrier(k)] 
[SecondLowBarrier(i,k)] 
[(such 
date 
being 
referred 
as 
to 
the 
SecondLowBarrierEventDate)].
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
on 
Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing 
Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] 
of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
[SecondHighBarrier(k)] 
[SecondHighBarrier(i,k)] 
[(such 
date 
being 
referred 
as 
to 
the 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate)].
b)
Variable Data:
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; 
NumberofDays; 
LowBarrier; 
HighBarrier; 
SecondLowBarrier; SecondHighBarrier
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price; 
ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier; ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier; ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier
3.3.0.7 Range Knock-In Events
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means:
­
[the Valuation Date(i)] or 
­
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
­
[Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or
­
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or 
­
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)] or
­
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)].
RangeKnock-InEvent can be renamed Range Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate.
a)
Description:
Mono-Underlying
RangeKnock-InEvent(i) is deemed [not] to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-

--- Page 376 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
376
In[(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher than [or equal to] the LowerBound[(i)]] [and] [lower 
than [or equal to] the UpperBound[(i)]].
Multi-Underlyings
RangeKnock-InEvent(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-
In(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-
In(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] is [higher than [or equal to] the LowerBound[(i)][(i,k)]] [and] [lower 
than [or equal to] the UpperBound[(i)][(i,k)]].
b)
Variable Data:
UpperBound; LowerBound
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In; Closing Price
3.3.0.8 Target Knock-In Events
Target Knock-In Event can be renamed Target Knock-Out Event, if relevant and 
appropriate.
a)
Description:
Target Knock-In Event is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), SumCoupons[Paid](i) is higher than [or 
equal to] TargetAmount(i).
b)
Variable Data:
TargetAmount.
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable 
d)
Specific Definition(s):
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i) 
With:
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0 (zero)] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1]
3.3.0.9 Memory Knock-In Events
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means:
­
[the Valuation Date(i)] or

--- Page 377 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
377
­
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
­
[Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or
­
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or 
­
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)] or
­
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)].
Memory Knock-In Event can be renamed Memory Knock-Out Event, if relevant and 
appropriate.
a)
Description:
Mono-Underlying
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i) has [not] 
occurred.
Multi-Underlyings
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k) has [not] 
occurred for [at least one Underlying(k)] [each Underlying(k) observed separately].
b)
Variable Data:
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price
d)
Specific Definition(s):
Mono-Underlying
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,): is deemed to have occurred if on [at least one Valuation Date(t) 
(t from j to i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], the [ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-
In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)].
Multi-Underlyings
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k): is deemed to have occurred in respect of an Underlying(k) if on 
[at least one Valuation Date(t) (t from j to i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], the

--- Page 378 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
378
[ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of such Underlying(k)] or [the Closing 
Price [S(t,k)] of such Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such Underlying(k)] or 
[at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] 
the 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] 
[Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)] 
[Knock-
InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t,k)].
3.3.0.10 Issuer Call Events
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means:
-
[the Valuation Date(i)] or 
-
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
-
[Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or
-
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or 
-
[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)] or
-
[at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and [including][excluding] Valuation 
Date(t2)].
a)
Description:
Issuer Call Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if 
on Reference Date(s)(t) a notice has been given by the Fiduciary to the Noteholders within 
the Notice Period (in accordance with General Conditions 6.1.3.1 and 12).
b)
Variable Data:
Not Applicable
c)
Reference Formula(e): 
Not Applicable 
3.3.1
Reverse Convertible
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.1, the following applies:
3.3.1.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
On Maturity Date, this Product pays a Final Redemption Amount determined on the 
basis of the applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen 
among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 379 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
379
3.3.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.1.4 Specific Definition(s):
No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount. 
3.3.1.5 Variable Data:
Any Variable Data applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such 
Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
3.3.1.6 Reference Formula(e):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the 
Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in 
Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.2
Digital Coupon Autocall
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.2, the following applies:
3.3.2.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a CouponBarrier and/or whether or not a [American] 
[European] [Memory] Knock-In Event occurs.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may 
be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which may be subject 
to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and / or a coupon.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor, a cap and / or with a leverage 
factor.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:

--- Page 380 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
380
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] [an American] [a European] [a Memory] Knock-In 
Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Strike_Coupon_1)))
Scenario 2:
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] [an American] [a European] [a Memory]  Knock-In 
Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Strike_Coupon_2)))
3.3.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Floor_AERA(i) ; 
Min(Cap_AERA(i) ; Coupon_AERA(i) + Participation_AERA(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_AERA(i) - Strike_AERA)))
3.3.2.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.2.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.2.5 Variable Data:
Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; Strike_Coupon_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; Participation_Coupon_2; Strike_Coupon_2; 
Participation_AERA; Cap_AERA; CouponBarrier; Coupon_AERA; Floor_AERA; 
Participation_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Strike_AERA 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and 
pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.2.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_AERA
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.

--- Page 381 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
381
3.3.3
Digital Coupon Autocall with Memory Effect 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.3, the following applies:
3.3.3.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation 
of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position 
compared to a CouponBarrier and/or whether or not a [American] [European] 
[Memory] Knock-In Event occurs.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario 
occurring, to (i) a predetermined value dependent of the previously Structured 
Interest Amount computed or to (ii) zero.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case 
may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to 
a floor and / or with a leverage factor.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i) [[and] [or] [an American] [a European] [a Memory] Knock-In 
Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination × 
Coupon(i) – SumCoupons[Paid](i-1)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i) [[and] [or] [an American] [a European] [a Memory] Knock-In 
Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero)
3.3.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Coupon_AERA(i) ; 
Participation(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i))
3.3.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:

--- Page 382 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
382
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.3.4 Specific Definition(s):
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i)
With:
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1]
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.3.3.5 Variable Data:
CouponBarrier; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Participation; Cap; Floor; Coupon; 
Coupon_AERA and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to 
such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.3.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; ReferenceFormula_AERA 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.4
Athena, Apollon
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.4, the following applies:
3.3.4.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or with a leverage factor.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Coupon_AERA(i) ; 
Participation(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i))

--- Page 383 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
383
3.3.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.4.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.3.4.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Participation; Coupon_AERA
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and 
pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.4.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_AERA
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.5
Double Opportunity
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.5, the following applies:
3.3.5.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to two barriers.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product subject to 
the occurrence or not of an Automatic Early Redemption Event and / or a Knock-In 
Event.
o
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.5.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:

--- Page 384 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
384
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
CouponBarrier_1(i)] 
[[and] 
[or] 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
CouponBarrier_2(i)], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – 
CouponStrike_1(i))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
CouponBarrier_1(i)] 
[[and] 
[or] 
ReferenceFormula_ 
CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – 
CouponStrike_2(i))))
Scenario 3:
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_ CouponBarrier_2 
(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2 (i)], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_3(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_3(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_3(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) – 
CouponStrike_3(i))))
3.3.5.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.5.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.5.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.5.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA; CouponBarrier_1; CouponBarrier_2; 
Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; CouponStrike_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; 
Floor_Coupon_3; Cap_Coupon_3; Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_3

--- Page 385 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
385
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and 
pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.5.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3;
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.6
Digit Coupon Reverse Convertible
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.6, the following applies:
3.3.6.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a CouponBarrier.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to a predetermined value or to zero.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.6.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero)
3.3.6.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 386 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
386
3.3.6.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.6.4 Specific Definition(s):
No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount.
3.3.6.5 Variable Data:
CouponBarrier; Coupon
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and 
pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.6.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) 
applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant 
to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.7
Reverse Convertible with Automatic Early Redemption Event
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.7, the following applies:
3.3.7.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a CouponBarrier.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to a predetermined value dependent of the previously 
Structured Interest Amount computed.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.7.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
For i from t1 to t2
Scenario 1:

--- Page 387 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
387
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon_1(i)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon_2(i)
For i from (t2+1)to t3
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination x 
Participation(i) x Coupon_3(i) – SumCoupons[Paid](i-1)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon_4(i)
3.3.7.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.7.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product selected among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.7.4 Specific Definition(s):
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i) 
With:
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0 (zero)] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1]
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, either "Not Applicable" or 
one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.3.7.5 Variable Data:

--- Page 388 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
388
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; CouponBarrier; Coupon[_1/2/3/4]; Coupon_AERA; 
Participation; Cap; Floor
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and 
pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.7.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.8
Digit Coupon Autocall with Recall Coupon
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.8, the following applies:
3.3.8.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to two Barriers.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or with a leverage factor.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.8.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1(i))))
Scenario 2:

--- Page 389 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
389
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RVD(i)) is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2(i))))
3.3.8.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Coupon_AERA (i) ; 
Participation_AERA(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i))
3.3.8.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.8.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.3.8.5 Variable Data:
CouponBarrier; AutocallBarrier; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; 
Participation_Coupon_1; CouponStrike_1; Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Participation_AERA; Coupon_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and 
pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.8.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier ReferenceFormula_Autocall ReferenceFormula_AERA
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.9
Athena Airbag
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.9, the following applies:
3.3.9.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its

--- Page 390 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
390
position compared to a CouponBarrier and / or subject to the occurrence or 
not of a Knock-In Event.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.9.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event_1(i) 
has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than 
[or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event_1(i) 
has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2))) 
3.3.9.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.9.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.9.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.9.5 Variable Data:

--- Page 391 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
391
CouponBarrier; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; Participation_Coupon_2; 
CouponStrike_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and 
pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.9.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.10
Twin Win
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.10, the following applies:
3.3.10.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 3 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and 
of its position compared to a Barrier and upon (ii) the occurrence or not of 
a Low Barrier Knock-In Event.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the relevant Reference Formula 
considered, which may be subject to a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.3.10.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.10.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.10.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier, then:

--- Page 392 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
392
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; CallParticipation x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1))
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + PutParticipation x (Strike_2 – 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + FinalParticipation x 
(ReferenceFormula_Finale_3(RVD(T)) – Strike_3)
3.3.10.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.3.10.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; 
Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Strike_3; CallParticipation; Cap; PutParticipation 
FinalParticipation
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.10.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_3
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
3.3.11
EU Allowance

--- Page 393 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
393
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.11, the following applies:
3.3.11.0 Product Description:
­
This Product does not pay a Structured Interest Amount. 
­
There is no Automatic Early Redemption Amount under this Product.
­
 Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount determined on the basis of the amount by which the sum of the 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA and the Arbitrage Opportunity (represented by the 
Coupon_FRA or the ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity) exceeds the spread value.
3.3.11.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.11.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.11.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If an Underlying Extraordinary Event has not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 [+ Coupon_FRA_1 x [ ( 
Act(t1,t2) / Act(t3,t4) ) ] ] [+ ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity(T)] - Max(FinalFloor_1 ; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Spread Value(T) – FinalStrike_1))) ]
Scenario 2:
If an Underlying Extraordinary Event has occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 [+ Coupon_FRA_2 x [ ( 
Act(t5,t6) / Act(t7,t8) ) ] ] [+ Max (FinalFloor_2 ; ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity(T) ) ] [ - 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Spread Value(T) – 
FinalStrike_2))) ] ]
3.3.11.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.11.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; Coupon_FRA_1; FinalStrike_1 ; FinalFloor_1 ; FinalCap_1 ; 
FinalParticipation_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
Coupon_FRA_2; 
FinalStrike_2 
; 
FinalFloor_2 ; FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below.
3.3.11.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity; ReferenceFormula_Spread Value

--- Page 394 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
394
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products 
are (but without limitation):
Spread Value(i)
FXSpread Value(i)
Arbitrage Opportunity(i)
3.3.12
Optimal Plus
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.12, the following applies:
3.3.12.0 Product Description:
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to two barriers.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and 
dependent of the Memory Amount computed.
­
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product subject to 
the occurrence or not of an Automatic Early Redemption Event and / or a Knock-In 
Event.
o
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.12.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) + Memory Amount(i)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_ CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)], then:

--- Page 395 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
395
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) + Memory Amount(i)))
Scenario 3:
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_ CouponBarrier_2 (RVD(i)) is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2 (i)], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero)
3.3.12.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.12.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option 
applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.12.4 Specific Definition(s):
Memory Amount(i) means : 
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Memory Amount(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination × Participartion(i) x 
Coupon(i) – SumCouponsMemorized(i-1)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] CouponBarrier(i), then:
Memory Amount(i) = 0 (zero)
Where
SumCouponsMemorized(i-1) = SumCouponsMemorized(i-2) + Memory Amount(i-1)
With
SumCouponsMemorized(0) = 0 (zero)
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.12.5 Variable Data:

--- Page 396 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
396
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA; Coupon; CouponBarrier; CouponBarrier_1; 
CouponBarrier_2; 
Floor_Coupon_1; 
Cap; 
Floor; 
Participation; 
Cap_Coupon_1; 
Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2;
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant 
to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.12.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable 
to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in 
Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.3.13
Reserved
3.3.14
Bonus & Capped Bonus
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.14, the following applies:
3.3.14.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event or a European Knock-In Event.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to 
the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a 
cap and /or with a leverage factor.
3.3.14.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.14.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.14.3 Final Redemption Amount:

--- Page 397 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
397
Scenario 1:
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(Bonus; Min(Cap_1 ; 
Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(T) – Strike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Min(Cap_2 ; Participation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(T) – Strike_2))
3.3.14.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.14.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_AERA; Bonus; Participation_1; 
Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.14.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
3.3.15
Bonus Flex
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.15, the following applies:
3.3.15.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.

--- Page 398 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
398
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 3 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a 
[High] [Low] Barrier Knock-In Event and of a Second [High] [Low] Barrier 
Knock-In Event.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to 
the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a 
cap and /or with a leverage factor.
3.3.15.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.15.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.15.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(HighBonus ; Min(Cap_1 ; 
Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1)))
Scenario 2: 
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(LowBonus; Min(Cap_2 ; 
Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2)))
Scenario 3: 
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Min(Cap_3 ; Participation_3 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – Strike_3))
3.3.15.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.15.5 Variable Data:

--- Page 399 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
399
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; 
HighBonus; Participation_1; Participation_2; Participation_3; Strike_1; Strike_2; Strike_3; 
Cap_1; Cap_2; Cap_3; LowBonus 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.15.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
3.3.16
Digit Coupon Jupiter
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.16, the following applies:
3.3.16.0
Product Description:
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to one or two barrier(s) and/or whether or not a 
[American] [European] [Memory] Knock-In Event occurs and/or whether or 
not an Issuer Call Event occurs.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and 
/ or a coupon.
­
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.16.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
CouponBarrier_1(i)] 
[[and] 
[or]

--- Page 400 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
400
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has 
[not] occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_1(i) 
+ Coupon_1(i) + Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – 
CouponStrike_1(i))))
Scenario 2:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
CouponBarrier_1(i)] 
[[and] 
[or] 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has 
[not] occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_2(i) 
+ Coupon_2(i) + Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – 
CouponStrike_2(i))))
3.3.16.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.16.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option 
applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.16.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.10 above. 
3.3.16.5 Variable Data:
CouponBarrier_1; CouponBarrier_2; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Bonus_Coupon_1; 
Coupon_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Bonus_Coupon_2; Coupon_2
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant 
to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.16.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2

--- Page 401 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
401
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable 
to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in 
Condition 3.3.0.3 above.
3.3.17
Phoenix/Athena Jupiter
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.17, the following applies:
3.3.17.0 Product Description:
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation 
of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its position 
compared to one or two barrier(s) and/or whether or not a [American] [European] 
[Memory] Knock-In Event occurs and/or whether or not an Issuer Call Event occurs.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario 
occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which may be subject 
to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and / or a coupon.
­
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.17.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_1(i) + 
Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i))))
Scenario 2:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_2(i) + 
Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i))))

--- Page 402 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
402
Scenario 3:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_3(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_3(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_3(i) + 
Coupon_3(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_3(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_3(i))))
3.3.17.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.17.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option 
applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.17.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.10 above. 
3.3.17.5 Variable Data:
CouponBarrier_1; CouponBarrier_2; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Bonus_Coupon_1; 
Coupon_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Bonus_Coupon_2; Coupon_2; Floor_Coupon_3; 
Cap_Coupon_3; Participation_Coupon_3; CouponStrike_3; Bonus_Coupon_3; Coupon_3
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant 
to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.17.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable 
to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in 
Condition 3.3.0.3 above.
3.3.18
Triple Opportunity
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Reference of the Product” is 3.3.18, the following applies:
3.3.18.0 Product Description:
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 4 possible.

--- Page 403 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
403
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to one or two barriers() and/or whether or not a 
[American] [European] [Memory] Knock-In Event occurs and/or whether or 
not an Issuer Call Event occurs.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and 
/ or a coupon.
­
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.
3.3.18.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred]  [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_1(i) + 
Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i))))
Scenario 2:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_2(i) + 
Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i))))
Scenario 3:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory]

--- Page 404 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
404
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_3(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_3(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_3(i) + 
Coupon_3(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_3(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_3(i))))
Scenario 4:
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] 
[higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a Memory] 
Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] 
occurred] [[and] [or] an Issuer Call Event has [not] occurred], then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_4(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_4(i) ; Bonus_Coupon_4(i) + 
Coupon_4(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_4(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_4(RVD(i)) 
– 
CouponStrike_4(i))))
3.3.18.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.18.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option 
applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.18.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.18.5 Variable Data:
CouponBarrier_1; CouponBarrier_2; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Bonus_Coupon_1; 
Coupon_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Bonus_Coupon_2; Coupon_2; Floor_Coupon_3; 
Cap_Coupon_3; 
Participation_Coupon_3; 
CouponStrike_3; 
Bonus_Coupon_3; 
Coupon_3; 
Floor_Coupon_4; Cap_Coupon_4; Participation_Coupon_4; CouponStrike_4; Bonus_Coupon_4; 
Coupon_4
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant 
to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.18.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_4

--- Page 405 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
405
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable 
to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in 
Condition 3.3.0.3 above.
3.3.19
In-Line
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.19, the following applies:
3.3.19.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the occurrence or not of 
a Low Barrier Knock-In Event and of a High Barrier Knock-In Event.
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.3.19.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.19.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.19.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has 
not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Bonus
Scenario 2: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred or a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, 
then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.3.19.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
described in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.

--- Page 406 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
406
3.3.19.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Bonus; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.19.6 Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable
3.3.20
Reserved
3.3.21
Sprint & Outperformance
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.21, the following applies:
3.3.21.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 (or 3 depending upon the Option selected) possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product 
compared to a Barrier and (ii) (if applicable) whether or not a Low Barrier 
Knock-In Event occurs or a European Knock-In Event. 
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula, which may 
be subject to cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.3.21.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.21.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.21.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1))

--- Page 407 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
407
Final Redemption Amount – Option A:
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, 
then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, 
then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Participation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2)
Final Redemption Amount – Option B:
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Participation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2)
3.3.21.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.21.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; 
Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Cap
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.21.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")

--- Page 408 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
408
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
3.3.22
Reserved
3.3.23
Reverse Capped Bonus
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.23, the following applies:
3.3.23.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a 
High Barrier Knock-In Event or a European Knock-In Event. 
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to 
the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and /or a 
cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.3.23.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.23.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.23.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(Bonus ; Min(Cap_1 ; 
Participation_1 x (Strike_1 - ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)))))
Scenario 2: 
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(Floor ; Min(Cap_2 ; 
Participation_2 x (Strike_2 - ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))))

--- Page 409 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
409
3.3.23.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.23.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_AERA; Bonus; Participation_1; 
Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2; Floor
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.23.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
3.3.24
Reserved
3.3.25
Reverse Sprint & Reserve Outperformance
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Reference of the Product” is 3.3.25, the following applies:
3.3.25.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
O
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 (or 3 depending on the chosen Option) possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and 
of its position compared to a Barrier and (ii) (if applicable) whether or not a 
HighBarrier Knock-In Event or a European Knock-In Event occurs.
o
The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario 
occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the 
value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor 
and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor
3.3.25.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 410 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
410
3.3.25.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.25.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x 
(Strike_1 – ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T))))
Final Redemption Amount – Option A:
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, 
then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, 
then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(Floor ; Participation_2 x 
(Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))
Final Redemption Amount – Option B:
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(Floor ; Participation_2 x 
(Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))
3.3.25.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.

--- Page 411 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
411
3.3.25.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; 
Floor; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Cap
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.25.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
3.3.26
Reserved
3.3.27
Digital Range
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.27, the following applies:
3.3.27.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 5 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the occurrence or not of 
(i) a LowBarrier Knock-In Event and of (ii) a HighBarrier Knock-In Event 
and upon (iii) the date the HighBarrier Event occurs compared to the 
LowBarrier Event.
o
The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario 
occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the 
value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the 
Underlying(s), which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with 
a leverage factor.
3.3.27.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.27.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)

--- Page 412 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
412
3.3.27.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has 
not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Bonus
Scenario 2: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not 
occurred, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Min(UpCap_1 
; 
CallParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – StrikeCall_1))
Scenario 3: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has 
occurred and the LowBarrierEventDate is before the HighBarrierEventDate, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Min(UpCap_2 
; 
CallParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – StrikeCall_2))
Scenario 4: 
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has 
occurred and the HighBarrierEventDate is before the LowBarrierEventDate, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 + Min(DownCap_1 ; Max(Floor_1 
; PutParticipation_1 x (StrikePut_1 – ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)))))
Scenario 5: 
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not 
occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5 + Max(Floor ; PutParticipation_2 
x (StrikePut_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T))))
3.3.27.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.27.5 Variable Data:

--- Page 413 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
413
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5; Coupon_AERA; 
Bonus; UpCap_1; CallParticipation_1; StrikeCall_1; DownCap_1; Floor_1; 
PutParticipation_1; StrikePut_1; UpCap_2; CallParticipation_2; CallStrike_2; DownCap_2; 
Floor_2; PutParticipation_2; PutStrike_2
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.27.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_3; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_4
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
3.3.28
Range Coupon
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.28, the following applies:
3.3.28.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.
o
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a 
LowBarrier Knock-In Event and of a HighBarrier Knock-In Event.
o
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the 
scenario occurring, to a predetermined value or to zero.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.3.28.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Scenario 1:
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) 
has not occurred, then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i)
Scenario 2:

--- Page 414 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
414
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) has occurred or a High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) has 
occurred, then:
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero)
3.3.28.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.28.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA
3.3.28.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
3.3.28.5 Variable Data:
Coupon; ConstantRedemptionLevel_ FRA
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.28.6 Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable
3.3.29
Reserved
3.3.30
Equity Protection
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.30, the following applies:
3.3.30.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 3 possible
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and 
of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) whether or not a LowBarrier 
Knock-In Event occurs.
o
The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario 
occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the 
value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor 
and / or with a leverage factor.
3.3.30.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.30.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable

--- Page 415 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
415
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.30.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Participation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2)
Scenario 3:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Floor
3.3.30.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.30.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; 
Cap; 
Coupon_AERA; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.30.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")

--- Page 416 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
416
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
3.3.31
Reverse Equity Protection
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.31, the following applies:
3.3.31.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 3 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and 
of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) whether or not a HighBarrier 
Knock-In Event occurs
o
The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario 
occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the 
value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a cap 
and / or with a leverage factor
3.3.31.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.3.31.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.31.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] Barrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x 
(Strike_1 – ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 417 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
417
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Participation_2 x (Strike_2 – 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))
Scenario 3:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Floor
3.3.31.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.
3.3.31.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Cap; 
Coupon_AERA; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.31.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel")
3.3.32
Range Accrual
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.32, the following applies:
3.3.32.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula 
applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above.

--- Page 418 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
418
3.3.32.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Coupon(i) 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) 
[x 
DayCountFraction]
3.3.32.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.3.32.3 Final Redemption Amount:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the 
Option applicable to such Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 
3.3.0.1 above. 
3.3.32.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.3.32.5 Variable Data:
Coupon; DayCountFraction; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA
And any Variable Data applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such 
Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 above.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.3.32.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as the case may be, the additional Reference 
Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product 
and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
3.4
Reserved
3.5
Family of Products "Accumulator and Cliquet"
Set out below, the list of Products of the Family of Products "Accumulator and Cliquet", the 
Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product":
Reference of the Product
Product 
3.5.1
Resettable Accumulator
3.5.2
Sunrise
3.5.3
Sunrise Max
3.5.4
Best Entry
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)

--- Page 419 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
419
The Family "Accumulator and Cliquet" comprises Products which provide exposure to the 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where 
the Product Amount(s) are determined based on an accumulation (either additive or multiplicative) 
of performances of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket over 
several consecutive periods (performances being usually restriked at the beginning of each period). 
Performances of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be 
weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped.
3.5.1
Resettable Accumulator
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.1, the following applies:
3.5.1.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula 
applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or 
a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.5.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i-1)))))
With:
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(0) = 0 (zero)
3.5.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.5.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
3.5.1.4 Variable Data:
Floor; Cap; Participation; ConstantRedemptionLevel
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.5.1.5 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the one mainly used for these 
Products is (but without limitation):
SumTimeRestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "Restrike 
Performance")

--- Page 420 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
420
3.5.2
Sunrise
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.2, the following applies:
3.5.2.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the value of the Sunrise Level applied to the 
Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or 
with a leverage factor.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.5.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Coupon(i) + Participation(i) x 
(SunriseLevel(RVD(i)) – Strike(i))))
3.5.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.5.2.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
3.5.2.4 Specific Definitions:
SunriseLevel(RVD(i)) = (SunriseLevel(RVD(i-1)) x RestrikeLevel(i) x ReplacedLevel) / 
MaxTimeRestrikeLevel(RVD(i), lag)
With: 
SunriseLevel(0) = 1
And:
ReplacedLevel means a level used to determine SunriseLevel.
3.5.2.5 Variable Data:
Floor; Cap; Coupon; Participation; Strike; ConstantRedemptionLevel
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.5.2.6 Reference Formula(e):
RestrikeLevel and MaxTimeRestrikeLevel are defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family 
of "Restrike Performance" 
3.5.3
Sunrise Max
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.3, the following applies:

--- Page 421 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
421
3.5.3.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the value of the Max Sunrise Level applied to 
the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and 
/ or with a leverage factor.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.5.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Coupon(i) + Participation(i) x 
(MaxSunriseLevel(RVD(i)) – Strike(i))))
3.5.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.5.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
3.5.3.4 Specific Definitions:
MaxSunriseLevel(RVD(i)) = Max(SunriseLevel(RVD(i)) ; MaxSunriseLevel(RVD(i-1)))
With:
MaxSunriseLevel(0) = 1
Where:
SunriseLevel(RVD(i)) = (SunriseLevel(RVD(i-1)) x RestrikeLevel(i) x ReplacedLevel) / 
MaxTimeRestrikeLevel(RVD(i), lag)
With: 
SunriseLevel(0) = 1
And:
ReplacedLevel means a level used to determine SunriseLevel.
3.5.3.5 Variable Data:
Floor; Cap; Coupon; Participation; Strike; ConstantRedemptionLevel
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.5.3.6 Reference Formula(e):
RestrikeLevel and MaxTimeRestrikeLevel are defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family 
of "Restrike Performance"
3.5.4
Best Entry
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.4, the following applies:

--- Page 422 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
422
3.5.4.0 Product Description:
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends upon the sum of each weighted value of 
BestEntryPeriod, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap.
­
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount which depends upon the scenario occurring among the only 1 
(or 2 depending upon the Option selected) possible.
o
When relevant, the occurrence of these scenarios depends upon 
the 
value 
of 
the 
weighted 
average 
of 
the 
relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and 
the sum of each value of BestEntryLevel, compared to a Barrier. 
o
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the weighted average 
of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and the sum of each value of BestEntryLevel, which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap.
3.5.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon(i) ; Coupon(i) x [Sum (for n 
from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_Coupon(n) x BestEntryPeriod(n,i)/360))
3.5.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.5.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: Certificate
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Max(FinalFloor ; Min(FinalCap ; 
Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight 
2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T))))
Final Redemption Amount – Option B: Simplified Best Entry
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), the Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), the Lock-In Event(n) has occurred, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T))))
Final Redemption Amount – Option C: Digital
Scenario 1:

--- Page 423 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
423
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 
to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than 
[or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to 
LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T))))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 
to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to 
LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T))))
3.5.4.4 Specific Definitions:
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned below if relevant :
BestEntryPeriod(n,i) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n):
- if Lock-In Valuation Date(n) falls before Schedule(i), then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) is equal to 
0 (zero); 
- if Lock-In Valuation Date(n) falls within Schedule(i), then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) is equal to 
the number of calendar days from and excluding (a) the later of the Valuation Date(i-1) and 
Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) (b) to and including the Lock-In Valuation Date(n); 
- if Lock-In Valuation Date(n) falls after Schedule(i) or Lock In Event(n) has not occurred, 
then:
a) if Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) falls before or within Schedule(i), then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) 
is equal to the number of calendar days from and excluding
(i) the later of the Valuation Date(i-1) and Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) to and including 
(ii) the Valuation Date(i)
b) if Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) falls after Schedule(i) or Lock In Event(n-1) has not 
occurred, then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) is equal to 0 (zero).
[Lock-In Event(0) is deemed to have occurred on Valuation Date(0)]
Lock-In Event(n) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if 
on any Reference Date(s)(t), for the first time, [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] [the Closing 
of the Underlying] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier(n).
[Option A: Mono-Underlying 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n):
-
if Lock-In Event(n) has occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = S(i) / BestEntryStrike(n)

--- Page 424 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
424
-
   if Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = 100%.
BestEntryStrike(n) means, [in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n) which has occurred, 
[the Minimum of the Closing Prices of the Underlying observed on each Daily Valuation 
Date(i) from and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the Lock-In 
Valuation Date(n) to and including the Lock-In Valuation Date(t)] [the Closing of the 
Underlying on Reference Date(s)(t0)] [LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0)].
[Option B: Multi-Underlyings 
BestEntryBasketLevel(n, i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i, k) 
and BestEntryLevel(n, i, k).
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) means, in respect of [each][the] Lock-In Event(n):
-
if Lock-In Event(n) has occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n,  i, k) = S(i, k) / BestEntryStrike(n, k)
-
if Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) = 100%.
BestEntryStrike(n, k) means, [in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n) which has 
occurred, the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) observed on the specific Daily Valuation 
Date(i) on which ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(RVD(i)) reached its [lowest][highest] level from 
and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the Lock-In Valuation Date(n) to 
and including the Lock-In Valuation Date(n).] [the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) on 
Reference Date(s)(t0)] [LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0,k)].]
Definition relating to date(s)
For the purpose of this section, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:
Lock-In Valuation Date(n) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n), the specific 
Reference Date(s)(t) on which such Lock-In Event(n) has occurred.
Reference Date(s)(t) means:
-
[Valuation Date(i)] or 
-
[Daily Valuation Date(i)] or 
-
[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms]
Reference Date(s)(t0) means:
-
[Valuation Date(t0)] or 
-
[Lock-In Valuation Date(n)] or
-
[the date(t0) as defined in the applicable Final Terms]
3.5.4.5 Variable Data:
Floor_Coupon; 
Cap_Coupon; 
Coupon; 
LockNumber; 
Weight_Coupon; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA ; 
FinalFloor; 
FinalCap; 
Weight_1; 
Weight_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
FinalFloor_1; 
FinalFloor_2; FinalCap _1; FinalCap_2; FinalBarrier; LockInBarrier.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.5.4.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Lock-In

--- Page 425 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
425
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but
without limitation):
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")
S(i) is defined under Condition 4.0 relating to the definition of S, SI and FXRate.
3.6
Family of Products "Multi-Underlying"
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Multi-Underlying", the Reference of the 
Product of which is mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
in the clause "Reference of the Product":
Reference of the Product
Product 
3.6.1
Reserved
3.6.2
Correlation Call
3.6.3
Palladium
3.6.4
Symphony
3.6.5
Reserved
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family "MULTI-UNDERLYING" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or 
negative performance of several Underlyings composing the Basket, where the Product Amount(s) 
is(are) are determined based on the individual performance or level of each Underlying, provided 
that this individual performance or level can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored 
and/or capped. Composition of the Basket can be altered over time depending on the individual 
performance or level of the Underlyings. Performance of the Underlyings or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped.
3.6.1
Reserved
3.6.2
Correlation Call
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.2, the following applies:
3.6.2.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the value of the Correlation Level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap 
and / or with a leverage factor.
3.6.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 426 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
426
3.6.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.6.2.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor ; LeverageFactor 
x CorrelationLevel))
3.6.2.4 Specific Definition(s):
CorrelationLevel = ReferenceFormula_CorrelationFinal – Strike
Where:
ReferenceFormula_CorrelationFinal = (2/(N x (N-1))) x Sum (k from 1 to N, and s from 2 
to N, and s strictly higher than k) Rho(s,k)
Rho(s,k) = Covariance(s,k)/(Sigma(s) x Sigma(k))
Covariance(s,k) = Sum (i from 1 to T-TimeStep) ((TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,s, 
TimeStep) - AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(s)) x (TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k, 
TimeStep) - AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(k)))/(T- TimeStep)
Sigma(k) = (Sum (i from 1 to T-TimeStep) ((TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k,TimeStep) - 
AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(k))^(2))/(T- TimeStep))^(1/2)
Sigma(s) = (Sum (i from 1 to T-TimeStep) ((TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,s,TimeStep) - 
AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(s))^(2))/(T- TimeStep))^(1/2)
TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k, TimeStep) = LN(S(i+TimeStep,k)/S(i,k))
AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(k) 
= 
Sum 
(i 
from 
1 
to 
T-TimeStep) 
TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k, TimeStep)/(T-TimeStep)
With:
TimeStep means a number used to determine a TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel.
(a)
Variable Data:
Strike
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
(b)
Reference Formula(e):
The Reference Formula defined under Condition 4 and used for these Products is:
S (the Closing Price) (Family of SimpleLevel)
3.6.2.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.6.3
Palladium
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.3, the following applies:

--- Page 427 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
427
3.6.3.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the value of the Palladium Level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap 
and / or with a leverage factor.
3.6.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.6.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.6.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor ; LeverageFactor 
x (PalladiumLevel(RVD(T)) – Strike)))
3.6.3.4 Specific Definition(s):
PalladiumLevel(i) = (1/N) x Sum( for k from 1 to N) [ABS(Level(i,k) – (1/N) x Sum( for s from 
1 to N) Level(i,s))]
(a)
Reference Formula(e):
The Reference Formula defined under Condition 4 and used for these Products is:
Level
3.6.3.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor; Strike
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.6.4
Symphony
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.4, the following applies:
3.6.4.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal 
to a predetermined value.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the Sum of the Symphony Strike Levels, which may be subject to a floor and / or 
a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.6.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)

--- Page 428 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
428
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i)
3.6.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.6.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor1 ; LeverageFactor 
x Sum (i from 1 to NumberofSymphonyPeriods) SymphonyStrikedLevel(i,SymphonyRank1 
, 
SymphonyRank2, 
SymphonyRank3 
, 
SymphonyRank4, 
SymphonyRank5, 
SymphonyRank6)))
3.6.4.4 Specific Definition(s):
Two sets of Valuation Dates are defined: RVD1(i) and RVD2(i)
SymphonyStrikedLevel is determined according to the following formula:
SymphonyStrikedLevel(i, SymphonyRank1, SymphonyRank2, SymphonyRank3, 
SymphonyRank4, SymphonyRank5, SymphonyRank6) = Max(Floor_2 ; 0.5 x 
(SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), 
RVD2(i), 
SymphonyRank1, 
SymphonyRank2) 
+ 
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), 
RVD2(i), 
SymphonyRank5, 
SymphonyRank6)) 
- 
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), SymphonyRank3 , SymphonyRank4) - Strike)
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i) , RVD2(i), SymphonyRank1, SymphonyRank2) is the 
Arithmetic Average of the SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), k) ranked 
between SymphonyRank1-th position included and SymphonyRank2-th position included in 
a descending order.
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), SymphonyRank3, SymphonyRank4) is the 
Arithmetic Average of the SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), k) ranked 
between SymphonyRank3-th position included and SymphonyRank4-th position included in 
a descending order.
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i, SymphonyRank5, SymphonyRank6) is the 
Arithmetic Average of the SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), k) ranked 
between SymphonyRank5-th position included and SymphonyRank6-th position included in 
a descending order.
SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i) , RVD2(i),k) = S(RVD2(i),k)/S(RVD1(i),k) 
If Option "Freeze Date" is applicable:
For each k from 1 to N, if on all (i), S(RVD1(i),k) is lower than or equal to Threshold 
x S(RVD1(0),k), then, for that Underlying (k) and each (t) which follows such (i) 
then:
For each such Underlying (k) and for each (t) such as RVD1(t) is on [or after] 
RVD1(i), SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(t),RVD2(t),k) = 1
With:
NumberofSymphonyPeriods means the number of observation periods which are used to 
determine the Product Formula in respect of a Symphony product.
SymphonyRank[_1/2/3/4/5/6] means a rank used to determine a SymphonyLevelBasket.
(a)
Variable Data:

--- Page 429 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
429
Strike; Threshold; Floor_2
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
(b)
Reference Formula(e):
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the one used for these 
Products is:
S (as defined under Condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate)
3.6.4.5 Variable Data:
Coupon; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel; 
Cap; 
Floor1; 
LeverageFactor; 
NumberofSymphonyPeriods; 
SymphonyRank1; 
SymphonyRank2; 
SymphonyRank3; 
SymphonyRank4; SymphonyRank5; SymphonyRank6
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.6.5
Reserved
3.7
Family of Products "Volatility"
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Volatility", the Reference of the Product 
of which is mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the 
Clause "Reference of the Product":
Reference of the Product
Product 
3.7.1
Variance European Options
3.7.2
 Reserved
3.7.3
 Reserved
3.7.4
Volatility European Options
3.7.5
Reserved 
3.7.6
Reserved 
3.7.7
Sharpe Ratio & Restriked Sharpe Ratio
3.7.8
 Reserved
3.7.9
CMS Sharpe Ratio & Restriked CMS Sharpe Ratio
3.7.10
 Reserved
3.7.11
Call Evolution
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family "VOLATILITY" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative 
performance of the historical variance or historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket or one or 
several Underlying(s) within a Basket. Variance and volatility are measures of the dispersion of 
Underlying(s) returns. The Product Amount(s) are determined based on (a) performance or level of 
the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, and / or (b) historical 
variance or historical volatility of the Underlying or Basket and / or (c) additional parameters (if 
relevant). Performance or level or historical variance or historical volatility of the Underlying or 
Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped.
3.7.1
Variance European Option
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.1, the following applies:

--- Page 430 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
430
3.7.1.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the two possible and the Option selected:
O
If the Historical Variance ReferenceFormula considered is [higher] [lower] 
[or equal] to a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined 
value increased as the case may be the value of the Historical Variance 
ReferenceFormula, which may be subject to a leverage factor.
o
Otherwise, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.7.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.7.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.7.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: Variance Call
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
Participation 
x 
(HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor)- FinalStrike)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B: Variance Put
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 + Participation x (FinalStrike - 
HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 431 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
431
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_2
Final Redemption Amount – Option C: Variance Digit
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
3.7.1.4 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_2; DetrendFactorParticipation; 
Strike; FinalStrike
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.7.1.5 Reference Formula(e):
HistoricalVarianceLevel is defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel".
3.7.2
Reserved 
3.7.3
Reserved
3.7.4
Volatility European Options
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.4, the following applies:
3.7.4.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the two possible and the Option selected:
o
If the Volatility ReferenceFormula considered is [higher] [lower] [or equal] 
to a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be the value of the Volatility ReferenceFormula, 
which may be subject to a leverage factor.
o
Otherwise, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
3.7.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.7.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 432 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
432
3.7.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: Volatility Call
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel 
+ 
Participation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B: Volatility Put
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Participation x (FinalStrike - 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal 
to] Strike, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
Final Redemption Amount – Option C: Volatility Digit
Scenario 1:
If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, 
DetrendFactor, 
AnnualObservationNumber) is higher than [or equal to] Barrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon 
Scenario 2:
If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, 
DetrendFactor, 
AnnualObservationNumber) is lower than [or equal to] Barrier then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
3.7.4.4 Variable Data:

--- Page 433 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
433
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Participation; Strike; FinalStrike
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.7.4.5 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones used for these 
Products are: 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel and RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 
4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel")
3.7.5
Reserved 
3.7.6
Reserved
3.7.7
Sharpe Ratio & Retriked Sharpe Ratio
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.7, the following applies:
3.7.7.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal 
to the value of the [Sharpe Ratio] [Restriked Sharpe Ratio] considered and applied 
to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.7.7.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount – Option A: Sharpe Ratio
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x SharpeRatio(i)))
Structured Interest Amount – Option B: Restriked Sharpe Ratio
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x RestrikedSharpeRatio(i)))]
3.7.7.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.7.7.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel

--- Page 434 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
434
3.7.7.4 Specific Definition(s):
SharpeRatio(i) = Max(0 ; ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i))) / Max(VolFloor ; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i)))
RestrikedSharpeRatio(i) 
= 
Max(0 
; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i-1)) 
– 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i-1))) 
/ 
Max(VolFloor 
; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i)))
With:
VolFloor means the minimum percentage that can be reached by the realized volatility of 
the element to which it is applied.
3.7.7.5 Variable Data:
Floor; Cap; Participation; ConstantRedemptionLevel
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
VolFloor
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 3.7.7.4 herein. 
3.7.7.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for 
these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "Simple Level")
HistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel")
RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of 
“VolatilityLevel”) CapiReferenceLevel (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of 
"Reference Fixings")
3.7.8
Reserved
3.7.9
CMS Sharpe Ratio & Restriked CMS Sharpe Ratio
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.9, the following applies:
3.7.9.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount 
depending upon the values of a Rate ReferenceFormula and of the [Sharpe Ratio] 
[Restriked Sharpe Ratio] considered.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.7.9.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable

--- Page 435 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
435
Structured Interest Amount – Option A: CMS SharpeRatio
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; ReferenceFormula_RateCMS(RVD(i)) + 
SpreadCMS(RVD(i)))) x Participation(i) x SharpeRatio(i)
Structured Interest Amount – Option B: Restriked CMS SharpeRatio
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; ReferenceFormula_RateCMS(RVD(i)) + 
SpreadCMS(RVD(i)))) x Participation(i) x RestrikedSharpeRatio(i)
With:
SpreadCMS means the spread, expressed in percentage, to be added to the 
ReferenceFormula_RateCMS.
3.7.9.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.7.9.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
3.7.9.4 Specific Definition(s):
SharpeRatio(i) = Max(0 ; ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i))) / Max(VolFloor ; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i)))
RestrikedSharpeRatio(i) 
= 
Max(0 
; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i-1)) 
– 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i-1))) 
/ 
Max(VolFloor 
; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i)))
With:
VolFloor means the minimum percentage that can be reached by the realized volatility of 
the element to which it is applied.
3.7.9.5 Variable Data:
Floor; Cap; Participation; ConstantRedemptionLevel.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
SpreadCMS.
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 3.7.9.1 herein. 
VolFloor.
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 3.7.9.4 herein. 
3.7.9.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_RateCMS; ReferenceFormula_Coupon; 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon; ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon

--- Page 436 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
436
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for 
these 
Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "Simple Level")
HistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel")
CapiReferenceLevel (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference 
Fixings")
3.7.10
Reserved
3.7.11
Call Evolution
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.11, the following applies:
3.7.11.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and 
applied to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a Volatility Fee.
3.7.11.1
Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.7.11.2
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.7.11.3
Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; Participation x 
Max(0 ; Leverage x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) x POW((1 - VolFeeLeverage x 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T))) ; Nbyears) - Strike - (Leverage - 1) x 
ReferenceFormula_FinalStrike(RVD(T)))))
With:
VolFeeLeverage 
means 
the 
multiplicative 
factor 
applied 
to 
the 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal, in order to deduce, if any, the fees linked to realized 
volatility
And:
Nbyears means the number of years of observation of the Underlying to which it is applied. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Nbyears may not be an integer.
3.7.11.4 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Floor; Cap; Participation; Leverage; Strike.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
VolFeeLeverage and Nbyears.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 3.7.11.3 herein.
3.7.11.5 Reference Formula(e):

--- Page 437 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
437
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal; 
ReferenceFormula_FinalStrike
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for 
these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "Simple Level")
HistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel")
CapiReferenceLevel (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference 
Fixings")
3.8
Reserved
3.9
Family of Products "Rate"
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Rate", the Reference of the Product of 
which is mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the 
Clause "Reference of the Product".
Reference of the Product
Product
3.9.1
Structured Floating Rate Note
3.9.2
Corridor
3.9.3
Ratchet Corridor
3.9.4
Constant Maturity Forward
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family "RATE" comprises Products commonly used to provide exposure to Reference Rate or 
Inflation Index, provided that other Family of Products may be indexed to Reference Rate or Inflation 
Index.
3.9.0
Generic descriptions for Rate Products
3.9.0.1 Upper Bound Trigger Event
a)
Description:
Upper Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is higher 
than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierUpperBound(i).
b)
Variable Data:
AutocallBarrierUpperBound. 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Autocall
3.9.0.2 Lower Bound Trigger Event
a)
Description:
Lower Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is lower 
than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierLowerBound(i).

--- Page 438 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
438
b)
Variable Data:
AutocallBarrierLowerBound. 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Autocall
3.9.0.3 Target Knock-In Event
a)
Description:
Target Knock-In Event is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), SumCoupons[Paid](i) is higher than [or 
equal to] TargetAmount(i).
b)
Variable Data:
TargetAmount.
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
c)
Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable 
d)
Specific Definition(s):
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i) 
With:
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0 (zero)] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1]
3.9.0.4 Automatic Early Redemption Events
Set out below a list of different Options relating to the Family of Products "Rate". The clause 
"Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms shall indicate the Option applicable 
to the Product selected amongst the Options described below, to determine and calculate 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
OPTION 1: Upper Bound Trigger Event for Automatic Early Redemption
If on a Valuation Date(i), an Upper Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then:
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) 
OPTION 2: Lower Bound Trigger Event for Automatic Early Redemption
If on a Valuation Date(i), a Lower Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then:
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) 
OPTION 3: Target Knock-In Event for Automatic Early Redemption
If on a Valuation Date(i), a Target Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then:
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)

--- Page 439 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
439
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i)
3.9.1
Structured Floating Rate Note
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.1, the following applies:
3.9.1.0 Product Description:
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the 
calculation of which depends on the Option selected among the 2 possible:
o
If Option No Global Cap is selected, a Structured Interest Amount equal 
to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the 
Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor and / or with a Day Count Fraction.
o
If Option With Global Cap is selected, a Structured Interest Amount (i) 
equal to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the 
Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor and / or with a Day Count Fraction (ii) and dependent of the 
Structured Interest Amount previously computed.  
-
A priori, there is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product, unless an 
Option is specified applicable to the Product amongst the Options described in 
Condition 3.9.0.4 above.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends on the Option selected 
among the 2 possible:
o
 If Option No Global Floor is selected, this Product pays on Maturity Date 
a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
o
If Option With Global Floor is selected, this Product pays on Maturity Date 
a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value which may be 
subject to cap and/or with a leverage factors and may be dependent of the 
Structured Interest Amount previously computed.
3.9.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount – Option No Global Cap
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation1(i) x (Participation2(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Strike(i)) + Spread(i)))) [x DayCountFraction]
Structured Interest Amount – Option With Global Cap
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = Min(Target(i) – Participation (i) x SumCoupons[Paid](i-1); (Max(Floor(i) 
; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation1(i) x (Participation2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – 
Strike(i)) + Spread(i)))) [x DayCountFraction]))
3.9.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to 
the Product amongst the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above.

--- Page 440 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
440
3.9.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount – Option No Global Floor
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA
Final Redemption Amount – Option With Global Floor
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Max(Floor(T); Target(T) – 
Participation(T) x SumCoupons[Paid](T))
3.9.1.4 Specific Definition(s):
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i)
With:
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1]
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.9.1.5 Variable Data:
Cap; Floor; Target, Participation, Participation1; Participation2; Strike; Spread; 
DayCountFraction; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA 
(when 
applicable); 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.9.1.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation): 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings")
Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
RestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of 
"RestrikePerformance")
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
BestFixing, WorstFixing, AverageFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing or 
SpreadFixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings")
BasketPerformance or BasketRestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the 
Family of "BasketPerformance")
3.9.2
Corridor
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.2, the following applies:
3.9.2.1 Product Description:

--- Page 441 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
441
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount that 
depends both upon (i) the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied 
to the Underlying(s) of the Product and (ii) the value of a ReferenceFormula 
considered among the "Range Accrual" Family, which may be subject to a floor and 
/ or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and a Day Count Fraction.  
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.9.2.2 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) + Spread(i)) x 
ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual(RVD(i)))) x DayCountFraction
3.9.2.3 Automatic Early Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to 
the Product amongst the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above.
3.9.2.4 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA
3.9.2.5 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.9.2.6 Variable Data:
Floor; Cap; Participation; Spread; DayCountFraction; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA 
(when applicable); ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.9.2.7 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
RangeAccrualFormula, DualRangeAccrualFormula, or BinaryRangeAccrualFormula (as 
defined under Condition 4.21 of the Family of "RangeAccrual")
3.9.3
Ratchet Corridor
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.3, the following applies:
3.9.3.0 Product Description:

--- Page 442 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
442
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount that 
depends upon the combination of (i) the value of the ReferenceFormula considered 
and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and (ii) the values of a 
ReferenceFormula considered among the "Range Accrual" Family and observed at 
two Dates, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage 
factor and to a Day Count Fraction.  
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.9.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) + Spread(i)) x 
ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual(RVD(i)) x ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual(RVD(i-
1)))) x DayCountFraction
3.9.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to 
the Product amongst the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above. 
3.9.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA
3.9.3.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.9.3.5 Variable Data:
Floor; Cap; Participation; Spread; DayCountFraction; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA 
(when applicable); ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.9.3.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
RangeAccrualFormula, DualRangeAccrualFormula, or BinaryRangeAccrualFormula (as 
defined under Condition 4.21 of the Family of "RangeAccrual")
3.9.4
Constant Maturity Forward
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Reference of the Product” is 3.9.4, the following applies:
3.9.4.0 Product Description:

--- Page 443 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
443
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal to the 
value of Reference Formulas considered and applied to the Underlying(s) which may be 
subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and with a Day Count Fraction.  
­
A priori, there is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
­
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount equal to a predetermined value.
3.9.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor(i) 
; 
Min(Cap(i) 
; 
Participation(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) + (1 + ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i))) ^ n2 
x ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – (1 + ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i))) ^  
n2 x ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) + Spread(i))  )) [x DayCountFraction]
3.9.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to 
the Product amongst the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above.
3.9.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA
3.9.4.4 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.22 above.
3.9.4.5 Variable Data:
Cap; 
Floor; 
Participation; 
n1, 
n2 
; 
Strike; 
Spread; 
DayCountFraction; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA (when applicable); ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.9.4.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation): 
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings")
Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
RestrikePerformance 
(as 
defined 
under 
Condition 
4.17 
of 
the 
Family 
of 
"RestrikePerformance")

--- Page 444 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
444
BestFixing, WorstFixing, AverageFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing or 
SpreadFixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings")
3.10
Family of Products "Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products"
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes 
Products ", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table below will be indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product":
Reference of the Product
Product
3.10.1
Credit Linked Products
3.10.2
Autocall Credit Linked Products
3.10.3
Long Recovery Credit Linked Products
3.10.4
Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products
3.10.5
Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products
3.10.6
Bi Credit Linked Products
3.10.7
Leveraged Credit Linked Products
For each Reference of the Product mentioned in the table above, any reference from the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, including any reference not relating to a Product 
Amount, may be enumerated as many times as the context may require.
The original reference that is enumerated shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration, unless the Reference of the Product indicates a 
definition of the original reference that is enumerated specific to the enumeration and, in such case, 
the definition of the Reference of the Product shall prevail.
In case several references from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, 
including any reference not relating to a Product Amount, are enumerated, all the distinct references 
enumerated with the same enumeration shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the same 
set of references and, when relevant, linked to one another.
Illustration:
For the product 3.10.4, Aggregate Loss Amount, Tranche Subordination Amount and Interest 
Recovery Rate, non-exhaustively, may be enumerated into, respectively:
Aggregate Loss Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss Amount(3);
Tranche Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination 
Amount(3);
Interest Recovery Rate(1), Interest Recovery Rate(2) and Interest Recovery Rate(3).
The definition of Aggregate Loss Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to, Aggregate Loss Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss 
Amount(3).
The definition of Tranche Subordination Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall 
apply mutatis
mutandis to, Tranche Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche 
Subordination Amount(3).
The definition of Interest Recovery Rate shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to, Interest Recovery Rate(1), Interest Recovery Rate(2) and Interest Recovery Rate(3).

--- Page 445 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
445
Aggregate Loss Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(1) and Interest Recovery Rate(1) shall 
be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the same set of references (i.e. the set of references 
enumerated with the enumeration (1)) and, when relevant, linked to one another.
Aggregate Loss Amount(2), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Interest Recovery Rate(2) shall 
be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the same set of references (i.e. the set of references 
enumerated with the enumeration (2)) and, when relevant, linked to one another.
Aggregate Loss Amount(3), Tranche Subordination Amount(3) and Interest Recovery Rate(3) shall 
be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the same set of references (i.e. the set of references 
enumerated with the enumeration (3)) and, when relevant, linked to one another.
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family "CREDIT LINKED PRODUCTS OR REPACK NOTES PRODUCTS" comprises Products 
which provide exposure to the credit risk of a Reference Entity or a Reference Portfolio comprising 
several Reference Entities (in respect of Credit Linked Notes) or a Bond or a Reference Portfolio 
comprising several Bonds (in respect of Repack Notes) and the financial indebtedness of any such 
Reference Entity or one or several Reference Entity(ies) within the Reference Portfolio (in respect 
of Credit Linked Notes), where the Product Amounts are determined according to the occurrence of 
Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s) and in the case of the occurrence of Credit Event(s), according to 
the Cash Redemption Amount or the Physical Delivery Amount (with, if any, the Cash Redemption 
Amount per Undeliverable Obligations), as applicable, as defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes or of Bond Event(s), according to the Cash Redemption Amount 
as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In addition, the Autocall Credit Linked 
Products provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of a CDS Spread, where the 
Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several conditions, one of which being typically 
satisfied if the level of the CDS Spread is higher (or lower) than or equal to a pre-defined barrier.
3.10.1
Credit Linked Products
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.1, the following applies:
3.10.1.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s).
3.10.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
[If settlement by way of cash:
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary 
will, on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
Cash Redemption Amount means,

--- Page 446 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
446
[if Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the 
Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%] an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Note, 
minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date.
[if Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%] an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the Nominal Amount of each 
Note, minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of each Note, (b) the Principal Loss 
Factor and (c) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the 
Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date.
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss 
Factor are both equal to 100%], an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each 
Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs 
calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date.
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal 
Loss Factor is different from 100%], an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for 
each Note to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the difference between (x) 
the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the 
product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount and (y) the aggregate 
of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the 
Maturity Date.
[If settlement by way of physical delivery only applicable for Single Name Notes and First-
to-Default Notes:
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, 
on the Maturity Date, deliver the Physical Delivery Amount to the Noteholders, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Note, Specified Deliverable Obligations with 
(a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are 
Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable 
Obligations are not Borrowed Money), 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, 
subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B– C)
Where:
A means the Principal Credit Factor;
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Redemption Amount (in the event 
of a Restructuring as contemplated in Condition 1.1.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) or (iii) the multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the 
circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.1.5 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes); and
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value 
equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs
3.10.1.4 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel.
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 447 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
447
3.10.2
Autocall Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.2, the following applies:
3.10.2.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product: If an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the Reference Formula and 
according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s).
3.10.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if (1) on a Valuation Date(i), [[a European] [an American] Knock-In Event 
has [not] occurred] [[and][or] ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], (2) no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or 
before 
the 
Automatic 
Early Redemption 
Date(RVD(i)), and 
(3) no 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential Failure to Pay (if applicable) has occurred and is 
continuing at the Automatic Early Redemption Date(RVD(i)), then:
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + [Coupon_AERA [x i] [x DCF(i)]]
3.10.2.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + [Coupon_FRA [x T] [x DCF(T)]]
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or 
equal to] FinalBarrier, then:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2
[If settlement by way of cash:
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, 
on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
Cash Redemption Amount means
[where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%] an 
amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by

--- Page 448 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
448
the Nominal Amount of each Note, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event 
Determination Date.
[where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%] 
an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (i) the Principal Credit 
Factor and (ii) the Nominal Amount of each Note, minus the product of (a) the Nominal 
Amount of each Note, (b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference between the 
Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event 
Determination Date.
[If settlement by way of physical delivery only applicable for Single Name Notes:
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, 
on the Maturity Date, deliver the Physical Delivery Amount to the Noteholders, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Note, Specified Deliverable Obligations are 
Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable 
Obligations are not Borrowed Money). 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, 
subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B– C)
Where:
A means the Principal Credit Factor;
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Redemption Amount (in the event 
of a Restructuring as contemplated in Condition 1.1.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) or (iii) the multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the 
circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.1.5 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes); and
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value 
equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs
3.10.2.4 Variable Data:
AutocallBarrier; FinalBarrier; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_FRA; 
Coupon_AERA.;
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Barrier. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.10.2.5 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products is (but without limitation):
CDS Spread.
3.10.3 Long Recovery Credit Linked Products
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Reference of the Product” is 3.10.3, the following applies:
3.10.3.0
Product Description:

--- Page 449 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
449
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount determined according to (i) the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and (ii) the value of 
the weighted average of the floating recovery(ies) compared to a Barrier.
3.10.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
[If settlement by way of cash:
Provided that if (i) one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) and (ii) the 
Average Recovery Value is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] the Barrier, the Fiduciary will, 
on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss 
Factor are both equal to 100%:
Cash Redemption Amount means, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for 
each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs 
calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date.
Average Recovery Value means the weighted average of the Final Value determined for 
all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, 
each such Final Value being weighted according to the relevant Reference Entity Weighting.
Preliminary Cash Redemption is Not Applicable.]
[If Basket Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both 
equal to 100%:
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, at any time for a Basket Note that is not a Tranche Note, 
the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred.
Loss Amount means, notwithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, means, in relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price, subject to 
a minimum of zero.]

--- Page 450 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
450
[If Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both 
equal to 100%:
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, at any time for a Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the 
Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) 
the aggregate of the Loss Amount for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount.
Loss Amount means, notwithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, means, in relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price, subject to 
a minimum of zero.]
3.10.3.4 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Barrier.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4.
3.10.4
Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.4 and (ii) the Type of 
Credit Linked Notes is Tranche Notes, the following applies:
3.10.4.1Product Description
This Product may pay a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or a Floating Coupon Amount. None of 
these two amounts shall be deemed to be a Product Amount, because each of these two 
amounts may be expressed differently from the formula (Specified Denomination x Product 
Formula).
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and 
each of such Credit Event(s) may fall within a tranche related to a certain Reference 
Portfolio having a predetermined Reference Portfolio Weight.
3.10.4.2
Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.4.3
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.4.4
Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel

--- Page 451 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
451
[If settlement by way of cash:
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, 
on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]
[If the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%:
Cash Redemption Amount means, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for 
each Note to the Relevant Proportion of the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (x) the 
Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) the difference between (xx) the difference between 
(a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount and (b) the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) and (xy) the 
aggregate of the Unwind Costs(k) calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination 
Dates, as at the Maturity Date.
Reference Portfolio Weight(k) (k from 1 to N) means Weight_k.
Aggregate Loss Amount(k) (k from 1 to N) means at any time for a Tranche Note, the 
lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the 
difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(k) for all Reference Entities in 
the Reference Portfolio(k) and in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(k).
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
that is enumerated above, and the definition of which is not detailed above, shall be 
construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]
3.10.4.5
Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel, Weight_k (k from 1 to N).
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.10.4.6
Other amounts:
[If the Interest Credit Factor and the Interest Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, the 
applicable Final Terms specify that (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
stated as being different from "Guaranteed Coupon" and (ii) the clause “Interest Recovery” 
is stated as being “Fixed Interest Recovery”, and the Product pays a Fixed Coupon Amount 
and/or a Floating Coupon Amount, then, for each of the Fixed Coupon Amount and the 
Floating Coupon Amount:
Daily Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period, 
an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product 
of (x) the Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) the difference between (xx) the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount and (xy) an amount equal to the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) that would be 
calculated if the Final Value(k) for all Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio(k) and in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred was deemed to be equal 
to the Interest Recovery Rate(k).
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
that is enumerated above, and the definition of which is not detailed above, shall be

--- Page 452 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
452
construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]
3.10.5
Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.5 and (ii) the Type of 
Credit Linked Notes is Tranche Notes, the following applies:
3.10.5.1 Product Description
This Product may pay a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or a Floating Coupon Amount. None of 
these two amounts shall be deemed to be a Product Amount, because each of these two 
amounts may be expressed differently from the formula (Specified Denomination x Product 
Formula).
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and 
each of such Credit Event(s) may fall within a tranche the width of which marked in 
particular by the Attachment Point and the Detachment Point, automatically 
changes on the Tranche Switch Date.
3.10.5.2
Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.5.3
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.5.4
Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
[If settlement by way of cash:
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, 
on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]
[If the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%:
Cash Redemption Amount means, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for 
each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the product of (x) the difference between the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount(1) and (y) the difference 
between 1 and the division of (xx) the Aggregate Loss Amount(2) by (xy) the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all 
Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date.
Aggregate Loss Amount(1) means at any time for a Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the 
Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) 
the aggregate of the Loss Amount(1) for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit

--- Page 453 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
453
Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date to and excluding the Tranche Switch Date and (xy) the Tranche 
Subordination Amount(1).
Aggregate Loss Amount(2) means at any time for a Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the 
Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) 
the aggregate of the Loss Amount(2) for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and 
(xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(2).
Tranche Switch Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Tranche Switch Date must be comprised within the period from and excluding the First 
Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date.
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
that is enumerated above, and the definition of which is not detailed above, shall be 
construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]
3.10.5.5
Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel.
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4.
3.10.5.6Other amounts:
[If the Interest Credit Factor and the Interest Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, the 
applicable Final Terms specify that (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
stated as being different from "Guaranteed Coupon" and (ii) the clause “Interest Recovery” 
is stated as being “Fixed Interest Recovery”, and the Product pays a Fixed Coupon Amount 
and/or a Floating Coupon Amount, then, for each of the Fixed Coupon Amount and the 
Floating Coupon Amount:
Daily Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period, 
an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of:
(x) the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss 
Amount(1) that would be calculated if the Final Value for all Reference Entities and in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date occurred from and including the First 
Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding the Tranche Switch Date has occurred was 
deemed to be equal to the Interest Recovery Rate
and
(y) the difference between 1 and the division of:
(xx) the Aggregate Loss Amount(2) that would be calculated if the Final Value for all 
Reference Entities and in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date occurred from 
and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Scheduled Last

--- Page 454 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
454
Credit Event Occurrence Date has occurred was deemed to be equal to the Interest 
Recovery Rate by (xy) the Aggregate Nominal Amount.
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
that is enumerated above, and the definition of which is not detailed above, shall be 
construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes.]
3.10.6
Bi Credit Linked Products
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.6, the following applies:
3.10.6.1 Product Description
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s).
3.10.6.2 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.6.3 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.6.4 Final Redemption Amount:
Scenario 1: 
if no Bond Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x ConstantRedemptionLevel
Scenario 2: if a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the Fiduciary shall redeem 
the Notes on the Maturity Date in accordance with the provision of these Final Terms and 
the provisions of “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of the General Terms and 
Conditions.
Scenario 3: if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Max[Bond Final Value - (100% - 
Final Value + Unwind Costs); 0]
If both a Bond Event and a Credit Event occur, the Calculation Agent will determine in its 
sole discretion if a Bond Event Determination Date or a Credit Event Determination Date 
shall occur by sending a Bond Event Notice or Credit Event Notice, as applicable.
3.10.6.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.10.7 Leveraged Credit Linked Products

--- Page 455 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
455
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.7, the following 
applies:
3.10.7.1Product Description:
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product: If an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount equals the Market Value.
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and subject to a 
Leverage on the loss amount if a Credit Event Occurs.
3.10.7.2 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.10.7.3 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Market Value
Where :
Market Value means, as per General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the redemption 
of the Note, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and shall have the effect (after 
taking into account the costs of unwinding any hedging arrangements entered into in respect 
of the Notes) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early 
redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date.
Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i)(i from 1 to T):
[if Single Name Notes 
(i) the Reference Entity Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Single 
[or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of the Reference Entity.]
[and [(ii)][(iii)] the Current Market Value of the Note is lower than or equal to the Barrier_ 
AER]]
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is not Applicable
(i) the Average Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Basket 
[or (ii) the Reference Entity Spread with respect to any Reference Entity(k) on such day is 
higher than or equal to Barrier_Single(k)] 
[or [(ii)] [(iii)] a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of one or more Reference 
Entities.] 
[and [(ii)] [(iii)] [(iv)] the Current Market Value of the Note is lower than or equal to the Barrier_ 
AER]]
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is Applicable
(i) the Credit Index Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Index 
and 
(ii) the Current Market Value of the Note is lower than or equal to the Barrier_AER.]
Automatic Early Redemption Event Determination Date means the day on which the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Notice is delivered.
Automatic Early Redemption Event Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or 
on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders informing the Noteholders that an Automatic Early

--- Page 456 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
456
Redemption Event has occurred and specifying the Automatic Early Redemption Date and 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. The Automatic Early Redemption Event that is 
the subject of an Automatic Early Redemption Event Notice does not need to be continuing 
on the Automatic Early Redemption Event Determination Date.
Current Market Value means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on 
the relevant Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T), shall represent the Market Value of the Notes 
that would be computed if the Notes were to be redeemed as of such Valuation Date(i) (i 
from 1 to T).
Dealer means any dealer (other than Société Générale) determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as being a dealer in respect of providing quotations 
in respect of credit default swap transactions.
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any day, the Reference Entity Spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
(A) the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain offer quotations from five Dealers, whereby:
a.
If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to 17.00 (London time) on such day 
(the “Quotation Deadline Time”), the Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations without regard to the quotations having the highest or lowest 
values (and, if more than one such quotation have the same highest or lowest 
quotation, then one of such highest or lowest quotations (as relevant) may be 
disregarded); or
b.
If two such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference 
Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations; or 
c.
If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference 
Entity Spread will be such quotation; or
(B) If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the 
Reference Entity Spread will be a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion acting in good faith, having regard to the conditions prevailing in the 
market.
Leverage means Leverage_FRA.
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is not Applicable
Average Spread means, on any Valuation Date(i), the weighted average of the Reference 
Entity Spread for all Reference Entities calculated as: Sum (for k from 1 to N) [Weight(k) x 
Spread(k)]
N means the number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio
Weight(k) means the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of the kth  Reference Entity
Spread(k) means the Reference Entity Spread in respect of the kth  Reference Entity]
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is Applicable
Credit Index Spread: means, on any Valuation Date (i), 
(i) if no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the Effective Credit Index Spread
(ii) if one or more Credit Event Determination Dates have occurred, the Rebased Index 
Spread.
Initial Credit Index: [Insert the Credit Index]

--- Page 457 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
457
Effective Credit Index: means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions are 
published after the Initial Index, the latest version of the Initial Credit Index, published by the 
Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
expected that the Index Publisher publishes a new version each time a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, and the Final Value has been determined pursuant to 
relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.
Effective Credit Index Spread: means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a 
credit default swap on the Effective Credit Index in the Credit Index Currency and with a 
maturity equal to the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Dealer Poll Method.
Index Publisher: Markit Indices Limited, or any successor
Credit Index Currency: [Insert the Credit Index Currency] 
Credit Index Maturity: [Insert the Credit Index Maturity] 
Credit Index Coupon: [Insert the Credit Index Coupon] 
Credit Index Recovery Rate: [Insert the Credit Index Recovery Rate] 
Rebased Index Spread means the spread expressed as a percentage, and determined by 
the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i) by converting the Rebased Index Upfront 
into a quoted spread,using the function “CDSW” in Bloomberg, as further specified below, 
or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Rebased Index Spread using the following 
Bloomberg parameters:
-
Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Index Upfront
-
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
-
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency
-
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity
-
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate
-
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i)
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, 
the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine the Rebased Index Spread with 
substitute details which are market equivalent. 
Rebased Index Upfront: means Effective Credit Index Upfront × Remaining Index Notional 
+ Aggregate Index Loss 
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on 
any Valuation Date(i), by converting the Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, 
using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below, or  any other calculation 
as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront using the following Bloomberg parameters 
with the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage:
-
Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread
-
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
-
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency
-
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity
-
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate
-
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i)

--- Page 458 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
458
provided always that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole discretion, effect the Effective Credit 
Index Upfront determination with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
Remaining Credit Index Notional: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed 
in percentage and equal to 100% minus the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been 
determined, of the Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity.
Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount 
expressed in percentage and equal to (i) the Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Credit Index 
Loss Amount shall take into account only the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for 
which the Final Value has been determined.]
[if Single Name Notes
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer 
rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a single-name credit default swap on the Reference 
Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, with the Reference 
CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes, and (ii) the Leverage (such credit default swap, the “Reference CDS”), determined 
by the Calculation Agent using the Dealer Poll Method. For the avoidance of doubt, if the 
Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an upfront amount (the 
“Upfront Quotation”), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using 
the function CDSW in Bloomberg or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may 
deem appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, but acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.]
[If Basket Notes 
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer 
rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a single-name credit default swap on the Reference 
Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, with the Reference 
CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes, (ii)  the Reference Entity Weighting and (iii) the Leverage (such credit default swap, 
the “Reference CDS”), determined by the Calculation Agent using the Dealer Poll Method. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation 
expressed with an upfront amount (the “Upfront Quotation”), it will convert such Upfront 
Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function CDSW in Bloomberg or any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in its sole and absolute 
discretion, but acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.]
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year or any shorter standard CDS maturity, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Provided that, when 
assessing the Average Spread, the same Reference CDS Maturity shall be used to 
determine all Reference Entities Spreads.
3.10.7.4 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel
[If settlement by way of cash:
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Issuer will, on 
the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to provisions 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]

--- Page 459 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
459
Cash Redemption Amount means, 
[if Single Name Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are 
both equal to 100%] an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to (A) the product of (i) 
100% - Leverage x (100%- Final Value) multiplied by (ii) the Nominal Amount of each Note, 
minus (B) the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date.
[If Basket Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both 
equal to 100%], an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to (i) the 
Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the 
Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect 
of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date.
[If Basket Notes 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, at any time for a Basket Note that is not a Tranche Note, 
the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred.]
Loss Amount means, notwithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the product of 
(i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount, and (ii) the difference between the Reference 
Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero.
[If Basket Notes 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount multiplied by the Leverage.]
3.10.7.5 Variable Data:
Barrier_Basket, Leverage_FRA, Barrier_Single; Barrier_AER; Barrier_Index. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.10.7.6 Reference Formula(e):
CDS Spread is defined under Condition 4.0 relating to the definition of S, SI and FXRate.
3.11
Family of Products "Combined Vanillas" 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Combined Vanillas", the Reference of 
the Product of which is mentioned in the table below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
in the clause "Reference of the Product".
Reference of the Product
Product
3.11.1
Combined with Final Barrier
3.11.2
Combined Digits and Digits
3.11.3
Cumulative
3.11.4
Dynamic Cumulative
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s)
The Family "COMBINED VANILLAS" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or 
negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) is(are) determined as a floored, capped or leveraged weighted

--- Page 460 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
460
combination, either additive or multiplicative, of vanilla calls, puts, digits, fixed amounts, and 
combinations, either additive or multiplicative, of calls, digits and fixed amounts.
3.11.1
Combined with Final Barrier
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.1, the following applies:
3.11.1.0 Product Description: 
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario occurring 
among the 2 possible:
o
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and of its 
position compared to a FinalBarrier.
o
The Final Redemption Amount depends upon the value of the Sum of the 
Digits considered and as the case may be upon the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered.
3.11.1.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.11.1.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
3.11.1.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Leverage 
x SumOfDigitsAndDigits(T)))
3.11.1.4 Specific Definition(s):
SumOfDigitsAndDigits(T) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of the 
Product of UnitDigitA(T, k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) and UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), 
FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T))
Where:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then:
UnitDigitA(T, k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; WeightA(k)))

--- Page 461 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
461
And:
UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; WeightB(k)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then:
UnitDigitA(T ,k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; WeightA(k)))
And:
UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; 0))
Scenario 3:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then:
UnitDigitA(T, k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; 0))
And:
UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; WeightB(k)))
Scenario 4:
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then:
UnitDigitA(T, 
k, 
WeightDigitA(k), 
CapDigitA(k), 
FloorDigitA(k), 
StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; 0))
And:
UnitDigitB(T, 
k, 
WeightDigitB(k), 
CapDigitB(k), 
FloorDigitB(k), 
StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; 0))
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
3.11.1.5 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
Coupon_AERA; 
OptionsNumber; 
Floor; 
Cap; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; 
Leverage; 
WeightDigitA; 
CapDigitA; 
FloorDigitA; 
StrikeDigitA; WeightDigitB; CapDigitB; FloorDigitB; StrikeDigitB.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.11.1.6 Reference Formula(e):
ReferenceFormula_DigitA; ReferenceFormula_DigitB 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):

--- Page 462 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
462
Level or Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the 
Family of "BasketPerformance")
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of 
"WorstLevel")
3.11.2 Combined Digits and Digits
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.2, the following applies:
3.11.2.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product.
o
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to the value of the Digits and Sum of the Digits 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage 
factor.
3.11.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.11.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)
If settlement by way of cash:
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Participation x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T))
If settlement by way of physical delivery:
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T)
3.11.2.3 Specific Definition(s):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will mention the definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2.
3.11.2.4 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; Coupon_AERA; 
Participation; Participation_AERA; AutocallBarrier
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.11.2.5 Reference Formula(e):

--- Page 463 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
463
ReferenceFormula_AERA; ReferenceFormula_Final
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level")
3.11.3
Cumulative
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.3, the following applies:
3.11.3.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to the value of the Cumulative Option, which may be 
subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.
3.11.3.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.11.3.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.11.3.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; Leverage x CumulativeProductFormula))
3.11.3.4 Specific Definition(s): 
CumulativeProductFormula 
means 
the 
[Product] 
[Sum], 
for 
k 
from 
1 
to 
UnitVanillaNumber, of UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), ReferenceFormula(k))
UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), ReferenceFormula(k)) means the [Sum] [Product] of:
1)
ConstantRedemptionLevel(k); and
2)
The Sum of CallConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbCalls(k), of the Product 
of WeightCall(m, k) and Max(0 ; ReferenceFormula(k)(T) – StrikeCall(m, k)) ; and
3)
The Sum of PutConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbPuts(k), of the Product 
of WeightPut(m, k) and Max(0 ; StrikePut(m, k) – ReferenceFormula(k)(T)) ; and
4)
The Sum of DigitUpConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k), of the 
Product of WeightDigitUp(m, k) and IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is higher than [or 
equal to] StrikeDigitUp(m, k)) ; and
5)
The Sum of DigitDownConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k), 
of the Product of WeightDigitDown(m, k) and IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is lower 
than [or equal to] StrikeDigitDown(m, k)).
Parameters(k) means the set of the following Variable Data:
NbCalls(k); 
CallConstant(k); 
NbPuts(k); 
PutConstant(k); 
NbDigitsUp(k); 
DigitUpConstant(k); 
NbDigitsDown(k); 
DigitDownConstant(k); 
ConstantRedemptionLevel(k); WeightCall(m, k) (m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); StrikeCall(m, k)

--- Page 464 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
464
(m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); WeightPut(m, k) (m from 1 to NbPuts(k)); StrikePut(m, k) (m from 
1 to NbPuts(k)); WeightDigitUp(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); StrikeDigitUp(m, k) (m 
from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); WeightDigitDown(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k)); 
StrikeDigitDown(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k)).
For the avoidance of doubt VariableData(k)(i) means in respect of the kth iteration, the 
VariableData as of date(i)
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.11.3.5 Variable Data:
ProductNumber; Floor; Cap; Leverage; UnitVanillaNumber; ConstantRedemptionLevel; 
NbCalls; ConstantCall; NbPuts; ConstantPut; NbDigitsUp; ConstantDigitUp; NbDigitsDown; 
ConstantDigitDown; 
WeightCall; 
StrikeCall; 
WeightPut; 
StrikePut; 
WeightDigitUp; 
StrikeDigitUp; WeightDigitDown; StrikeDigitDown.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
3.11.3.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level or Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the 
Family of "BasketPerformance")
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of 
"WorstLevel")
3.11.4
Dynamic Cumulative
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.4, the following applies:
3.11.4.0 Product Description:
-
This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.
-
There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.
-
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount depending upon the value of the ReferenceFormula to which 
a strategy of exposure to Underlyings is applied.
3.11.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable
3.11.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable
3.11.4.3 Final Redemption Amount:
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemption + Max(Floor_1 ; Min(Cap ; Participation x 
Max(Floor_2 ; Leverage x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) - Strike)))
3.11.4.4 Definition of DynamicBasketLevel (abbreviated as "DBL")

--- Page 465 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
465
DBL(i) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T), the level of a Dynamic 
Basket comprising the RiskyComponent(s), SafeComponent and, if leverage is used, the 
LeverageComponent, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
DBL(i) = Max[0 ; DBL(i-1) x (Sum for k from 1 to N (Exposure(i-1-DBLag,k) x RCL(i,k) x (1 
– EC(k) x Act(i-1, i) / 360)) + Max((1-Sum for k form 1 to N (Exposure(i-1-DBLag,k))) ; 0) x 
SCL(i) / SCL(i-1) – Max(Sum for k from 1 to N (Exposure(i-1-DBLag,k)) – 1 ; 0) x LCL(i)/LC(i-
1)) x (1 – FC(i) x Act(i-1, i) / 360)]
With:
DBL(0) = 100%
RCL(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), in respect of an Underlying(k), 
RiskyComponentLevel(i,k);
SCL(i) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), SafeComponentLevel(i);
LCL(i) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LeverageComponentLevel(i);
EC(k) means, in respect of an Underlying(k), the Fees and Costs charged to the 
RiskyComponentLevel(k) ;
FC means the Fees and Costs charged to the LeverageComponentLevel ; and
DBLag (for "DynamicBasketLag") means a number of Business Days, calendar days, 
calendar weeks or months used to take into account, if any, the dealing conditions of the 
Underlying(s)
3.11.4.5 Definitions of Components
RiskyComponentLevel: 
RiskyComponentLevel(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), in 
respect of any Underlying(k) (k from 1 to N), RiskyComponentLevel_Formula(i,k).
SafeComponentLevel:
SafeComponentLevel(i) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), the value 
of the Safe Component, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
-
If no Underlying is specified in respect of the SafeComponent in the applicable Final 
Terms then: 
SCL(i) = SCL(i-1) x [1 + (FloatingRateSC(i-1) + SpreadSC(i-1)) x Act(i-1,i) / 360] 
and,
SCL(0) = 100%
-
Otherwise, SafeComponentLevel_Formula(i)
FloatingRateSC means the relevant floating part of the Safe Component rate of return, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
LeverageComponentLevel:
LeverageComponentLevel(i) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), the 
value of the LeverageComponent, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 466 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
466
LCL(i) = LCL(i-1) x [1 + (FloatingRateLC(i-1) + SpreadLC(i-1)) x Act(i-1,i) / 360] 
and,
LCL(0) = 100%
FloatingRateLC means the relevant floating part of the Leverage Component rate of return, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Fees and costs charged to LeverageComponentLevel:
FC(i) = ParticipationLeverageCost x FloatingRateLC(i) + ConstantLeverageCost
ConstantLeverageCost means a constant amount, percentage or level.
ParticipationLeverageCost means the multiplicative factor applied to FloatingRateLC in 
order to either increase or decrease the exposure of FC to FloatingRateLC.
Exposure:
Exposure(i,k) means in respect of each Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), for each 
Underlying(k) (k from 1 to N), the exposure of the Dynamic Basket to the 
RiskyComponent(k).
3.11.4.6 Variable Data:
SpreadLC and SpreadSC.
These Variable Data are defined in Condition 5.4 herein
EC and FC.
These Variable Data are defined in Condition 3.11.4.4 above.
ParticipationLeverageCost; ConstantLeverageCost; FloatingRateSC; FloatingRateLC.
These Variable Data are defined in Condition 3.11.4.5 above.
3.11.4.7 ReferenceFormula(e):
RiskyComponentLevel_Formula; SafeComponentLevel_Formula
Among the ReferenceFormulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
RestrikeLevel or BasketRestrikeLevel (as defined in Condition 4.17 of the Family of 
"RestrikePerformance")
3.11.4.8 Special Definition(s):
Exposure(i,k) = Max(MinimumExposure(i,k) ; Min(MaximumExposure(i,k) ; 
ReferenceFormula_Exposure(i,k,p)))
With:
MinimumExposure(i,k) means, for each Valuation Date(i), for each Underlying(k), the 
percentage of minimum exposure of the Dynamic Basket to the RiskyComponent(k);

--- Page 467 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
467
MaximumExposure(i,k) means, for each Valuation Date(i), for each Underlying(k), the 
percentage of maximum exposure of the Dynamic Basket to the RiskyComponent(k); and
ReferenceFormula_Exposure(i,k,p) means [the Sum] [the Product], for p from 1 to 
UnitVanillaNumber, of UnitVanilla(k, p, r, Parameters(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_Call(k, p, 
r), ReferenceFormula_Put(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_DigitUp (k, p, r), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitDown(k, p, r))
UnitVanilla(k, p, r, Parameters(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_Call(k, p, r), 
ReferenceFormula_Put(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_DigitUp(k, p, r), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitDown(k, p, r)) means the [Sum] [Product], for r from 1 to 
UnitVanillaNumber, of:
(a)
ConstantRedemptionLevel (k,p,r); and
(b)
The Sum of ConstantCall(k,p,r) and the Product of WeightCall(k, p, r) and Max(0 ; 
ReferenceFormula_Call(k, p, r)(i) –StrikeCall(k, p, r)) ; and
(c)
The Sum of ConstantPut(k, p, r) and the Product of WeightPut(k, p, r) and Max(0 ; 
StrikePut(k, p, r) – ReferenceFormula_Put(k, p, r)(i)) ; and
(d)
The Sum of ConstantDigitUp(k, p, r) and the Product of WeightDigitUp(k, p, r) and 
IND(ReferenceFormula_DigitUp(k, p, r)(i) is higher than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitUp(k, p, r)) ; and
(e)
The Sum of ConstantDigitDown(k, p, r) and the Product of WeightDigitDown(k, p, 
r) and IND(ReferenceFormula_DigitDown(k, p, r)(i) is lower than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitDown(k, p, r)).
Parameters(k, p, r) means the set of the following Variable Data:
NbCalls(k, p, r); ConstantCall (k, p, r); NbPuts(k, p, r); ConstantPut(k, p, r); NbDigitUp(k, p, 
r); ConstantDigitUp(k, p, r); NbDigitDown(k, p, r); ConstantDigitDown(k, p, r); 
ConstantRedemption(k, p, r); WeightCall(k, p, r); StrikeCall(k, p, r); WeightPut (k, p, r); 
StrikePut(k, p, r); WeightDigitUp(k, p, r); StrikeDigitUp(k, p, r); WeightDigitDown(k, p, r); 
StrikeDigitDown(k, p, r).
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.
3.11.4.9 Variable Data:
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Floor_1; Floor_2; Cap; Leverage; Participation; Strike; 
UnitVanillaNumber; 
NbCalls; 
ConstantCall; 
NbPuts; 
ConstantPut; 
NbDigitUp; 
ConstantDigitUp; NbDigitDown; ConstantDigitDown; WeightCall; StrikeCall; WeightPut; 
StrikePut; WeightDigitUp; StrikeDigitUp; WeightDigitDown; StrikeDigitDown.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.
MinimumExposure and MaximumExposure.
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 3.11.4.8 above.
3.11.4.10 ReferenceFormula(e):
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, the ReferenceFormula(e) applicable to the 
Product chosen among those mentioned in Condition 3.11.4.3 and 3.11.4.8 above.

--- Page 468 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
468
ReferenceFormula_Final; 
ReferenceFormula_Exposure; 
ReferenceFormula_Call; 
ReferenceFormula_Put; ReferenceFormula_DigitUp; ReferenceFormula_DigitDown 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation):
Level (*) (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel" herein) 
MaxTimeLevel(*) or AverageTimeLevel(*) (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of 
"TimeLevel" herein)
(*) Where:
Level(T) means (DBL(T) / DBL(0)) , in order to determine an arbitrary ReferenceLevel of 
this Product.
4.
CHARACTERISTICS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FAMILIES OF REFERENCE 
FORMULA(E)
Set out below the list of Families of Reference Formula(e), each as described hereinafter.
Reference of the Family
Reference Formula(e)
4.0
Definition of S, SI and FXRate
4.1
Family of « SimpleLevel »
4.2
Family of « RankedLevel »
4.3
Family of « BasketLevel »
4.4
Family of « BasketPerformance »
4.5
Family of « BestLevel »
4.6
Family of « WorstLevel »
4.7
Family of « LargeLevel »
4.8
Family of « SmallLevel »
4.9
Family of « TimeLevel »
4.10
Family of « RankedTime »
4.11
Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel »
4.12
Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel »
4.13
Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel »
4.14
Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel »
4.15
Family of « WorstTimeLevel »
4.16
Family of « BestTimeLevel »
4.17
Family of « RestrikePerformance »
4.18
Family of « ModifiedPerformance »
4.19
Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance »
4.20
Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel »
4.21
Family of « RangeAccrualFormula(e) »
4.22
Family of « IntradayLevel »
4.23
Family of « VolatilityLevel »
4.24
Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula »
4.25
Family of « ReferenceFixings »
4.26
Family of « InBetweenLevel »
4.27
Family of « Combined Vanillas »

--- Page 469 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
469
4.28
Family of « EU Allowance »
4.29
Family of « Counter »
The Reference Formulae of the Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.27 below are 
used to determine or calculate either (i) a price of one or several Underlying(s) which is called a 
Reference Price, (ii) a level of the price of one or several Underlying(s) which is called a Reference 
Level, (iii) a performance of the price of one or several Underlying(s) which is called a Reference 
Performance and/or (iv) a fixing of one or several Reference Rate(s) and/or (v) a fixing of one or 
several foreign exchange rate(s). 
1)
Price, Level or Performance
In sections 4.1  to 4.29 below, (a) when the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of 
Reference Formulae contains the word "Price", such Reference Formula is used to determine a 
Reference Price, (b) when the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference 
Formulae contains the word "Level", such Reference Formula is used to calculate a Reference 
Level, (c) when the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae 
contains the word "Performance", such Reference Formula is used to calculate a Reference 
Performance and (d) when the denomination of the Reference Formula in a Family of Reference 
Formulae contains the word "Fixing", such Reference Formula is used to determine or calculate a 
Reference Fixing. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing in respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula used to calculate a 
Reference Level (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also be used to determine a Reference Price 
or to calculate a Reference Performance and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word Price or Performance (an "Alternative 
Reference Formula"), (ii) a Reference Formula used to calculate a Reference Performance (a 
"Base Reference Formula"), can also be used to determine a Reference Price or to calculate a 
Reference Level and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Product shall contain the word Price or Level (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that 
in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of 
Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
Example:
Section 4.11 contains the following Reference Formula: WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i) means the 
Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and is used to calculate a level 
of the Price of the Underlying. The same Reference Formula can also be used to determine a 
performance of the price of the Underlying and is then expressed in the applicable Final Terms as 
follows: 
WeightedMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and 
MaxTimePerformance(i,k)
2)
Cap, Floor, Leverage, Shift
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in 
sections 4.1 to 4.29 below use a Cap and contains the word "Capped", this means that by applying 
such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlying(s) or 
fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the lower between (i) 
the Cap and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of 
the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate. 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 
to 4.29 below uses a Floor and contains the word "Floored", this means that by applying such 
Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of 
the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the higher between (i) the Floor 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) 
of the Reference Rate(s).

--- Page 470 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
470
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 
to 4.29 below uses a Leverage and contains the word "Leverage", this means that by applying such 
Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of 
the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the Product of the Leverage and 
the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the 
Reference Rate(s).
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in 
sections 4.1 to 4.29 below use a Shift and contains the word "Shifted", this means that by applying 
such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlying(s) or 
fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the sum of (i) the Shift 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) 
of the Reference Rate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing:
a)
In respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula the denomination of which uses a Cap and 
contains the word "Capped" (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also be used with a Floor 
and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Floor 
and its denomination will contain the word "Floored" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") 
and (ii) a Reference Formula the denomination of which uses a Floor and contains the word 
"Floored" (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also be used with a Cap and in that case in 
the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Cap and its 
denomination will contain the word "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In 
each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family 
of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula; 
Example:
Section 4.1 contains the following Reference Formula: CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the 
Minimum between Level(i, Strike) and Cap(i).
A Floor shall appear in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product as follows: FlooredLevel(i, 
Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i).
b)
A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below which 
does not contain a Cap or a Floor or a Leverage or a Shift (a "Base Reference Formula"), 
can be used (i) with a Floor and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Product, it shall embed a Floor and its denomination will contain the word "Floored" (an 
"Alternative Reference Formula") or (ii) with a Cap and in that case in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Cap and its denomination will contain the 
word "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") or (iii) with a Leverage and in that 
case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Leverage and 
its denomination will contain the word "Leverage" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") 
or (iv) with a Shift and in that case in the applicable final Terms of the relevant Product, it 
shall embed a Shift and its denomination will contain the word “Shifted” (an “Alternative 
Reference Formula”). In each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to 
be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula and the 
impact of the addition of a Cap or a Floor or a Leverage shall be as described in 2) above.
Example:
Section 4.3 contains the following Reference Formula: 
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k).
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Cap and then reads as follows:

--- Page 471 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
471
CappedBasketLevel(i,Cap) means the Minimum of Cap and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel 
meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 
4.3
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and then reads as follows: 
FlooredBasketLevel(i,Floor) means the Maximum of Floor and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel 
meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 
4.3.
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Leverage and then reads as follows: 
LeverageBasketLevel(i,Leverage) means the Product of Leverage and BasketLevel(i), with 
BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined 
in Condition 4.3.
ShiftedBasketLevel(i,Shift) means the sum of Shift and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning 
the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3.
This Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and a Cap as follows: 
CappedFlooredBasketLevel(i, Cap, Floor) means the Minimum between (a) the Cap and (b) the 
Maximum between the Floor and the BasketLevel(i).
3)
Strike
A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below which does 
not contain a Strike (a "Base Reference Formula"), can be used with a Strike and in that case in 
the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Strike and its denomination will 
contain the word "Strike" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In such case the Alternative 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the 
Base Reference Formula. For the avoidance of doubt, this Strike shall replace the standard S(0) or 
S(0,k).
Example: 
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k), as defined in Condition 4.5. with 
Level(i,k) meaning S(i,k) / S(0,k) as defined in Condition 4.1
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Strike and then reads as follows: 
BestLevel(i, Strike(1),...,Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k,Strike(k)), 
as defined in Condition 4.5. with Level(i,k,Strike(k)) meaning S(i,k) / Strike(k)) as defined in Condition 
4.1
4)
MaxTime, MinTime and other alternative features
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 
to 4.29 below contains the expression 
-
"MaxTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running maximum (a) price, 
level or performance of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) 
fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
-
"MinTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running minimum (a) price, 
level or performance of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) 
fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time;

--- Page 472 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
472
-
"SumTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the sum of (a) prices, levels or 
performances of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixings 
of foreign exchange rates, over a period of time;
-
"AverageTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the arithmetic average of (a) 
prices, levels or performances of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixings of a Reference 
Rate, or (c) fixings of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time;
-
"Weighted", such Reference Formula is used to determine a weighted (a) price, level or 
performance of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a 
foreign exchange rate;
-
"Ranked", such Reference Formula is used to determine a rank in (a) prices, levels or 
performances of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixings 
of a foreign exchange rate;
-
"Best", such Reference Formula is used to determine the best (a) price(s), level(s) or 
performance(s) of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) 
fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate;
-
"Worst", such Reference Formula is used to determine the worst (a) price(s), level(s) or 
performance(s) of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) 
fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate;
-
"Large", such Reference Formula is used to determine the largest (a) price(s), level(s) or 
performance(s) of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) 
fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate;
-
"Small", such Reference Formula is used to determine the smallest (a) price(s), level(s) or 
performance(s) of one or more Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) 
fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate;
-
"Average", such Reference Formula is used to determine the average (a) price(s), level(s) 
or performance(s) of more than one Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) 
fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate;
Notwithstanding the foregoing:
a)
In respect of a Product, a Reference Formula the denomination of which uses either 
"MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", "AverageTime", "Weighted", "Ranked", "Best", "Worst", 
"Large", "Small" or "Average" (each a "Feature") (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also 
be used with each other Feature and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the relevant Feature (an "Alternative 
Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall 
be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference 
Formula.
b)
Each "Feature" ("MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", "AverageTime", "Weighted", 
"Ranked", "Best", "Worst", "Large", "Small" or "Average") can be added to any Reference 
Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 
to 4.29 below. In that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Product shall contain the relevant Feature (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided 
that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same 
Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula.
Example:
Section 4.9 contains the following Reference Formula: 
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).

--- Page 473 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
473
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a "MaxTime" and then reads as follows:
MaxTimeAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of AverageTimeLevel(i), as 
defined in Condition 4.9 
5)
One / Several Underlyings
Any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below for 
Products that have more than one Underlying and expressed as "Performance(i,k)" or "Level(i,k)" (a 
"Base Reference Formula") can also be used for Products that have one Underlying only and be 
expressed as "Performance(i)" or "Level(i)" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in 
each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of 
Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula.
In addition any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below 
for Products that have more than one Underlying can be used either on the whole basket of the N 
Underlyings or on a sub-basket of such whole basket. In this case, the prefix "Sub" will be add to 
the Reference Formula as described below.
The prefix "Sub" can be added to any Reference Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family 
of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below. In that case its denomination in the applicable 
Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the prefix "Sub" (an "Alternative Reference 
Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part 
of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula.
Example:
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k).
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k).
By introducing the notion of "Sub", it becomes: 
SubAverageBasketLevel(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from SubN1 to 
SubN2, of Level(i, k).
SubWorstPrice(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Minimum, for k from SubN1 to SubN2 of Price(i,k).
6)
Level, Performance of FX underlying
When the denomination of a Reference Level or a Reference Performance (a "Base Reference 
Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below is applied to a foreign 
exchange rate underlying, the Level or Performance retained to calculate a Product Amount may be 
expressed in a standard version like in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below or, as the case may be, as follows:
FXLevel(i) means 1/ (S(i) / S(0)), which may also be written as (S(0) / S(i))
FXPerformance(i) means (1 / (S(i) / S(0))) -100%, which may also be written as (S(0) / S(i)) -100% 
or FXPerformance(i) means 100% - (S(i) / S(0))
FXLevel(i,k) means 1/(S(i,k) / S(0,k)), which may also be written as (S(0,k) / S(i,k))
FXPerformance(i,k) means ( 1 / (S(i,k) / S(0,k))) - 100%, which may also be written as (S(0,k) / 
S(i,k)) -100% or FXPerformance(i,k) means 100% - (S(i,k) / S(0,k))
In the case of a basket of underlyings:
FXBasketPerformance(i) means 100% - BasketLevel(i)

--- Page 474 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
474
FXAverageBasketPerformance(i) means 100% - AverageBasketLevel(i).
In that case the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word "FX" (an 
"Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula 
shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference 
Formula.
Example:
Section 4.5 contains the following Reference Formula: BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, 
for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k). The same Reference Formula may be applied to FX 
underlyings and is then expressed in the applicable Final Terms as follows: 
BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with 
FXPerformance(i,k) means 100% - (S(i,k)/ S(0,k))
Or: BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with 
FXPerformance(i,k) means (S(0,k)/ S(i,k)) -100%
7)
Valuation Date and Schedule:
Depending on the cases, a ReferenceFormula may be linked to Valuation Dates, Relevant Valuation 
Dates (abbreviated as "RVD") or Schedules ({Schedule(i)}) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. A Schedule means (i) any Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other 
Date(s) enumerated in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) or any Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation 
Date(s) or any other date(s) included in a period defined in the applicable Final Terms.
a)
Case of a Valuation Date 
When a Valuation Date (abbreviated as "VD") belonging to a schedule defined in the section of the 
definitions related to dates is necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follows:
ReferenceFormula(i) may also be written ReferenceFormula(VD(i)):
-
ReferenceFormula(VD(i)) refers to the considered Valuation Date(i) 
Illustration 1:
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).
By introducing the notion of Quarterly Valuation Date (abbreviated as "QVD"), it becomes: 
MaxTimeLevel(QVD(t)) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t ,of Level(QVD(i)).
Illustration 2:
MinTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k).
By introducing the notion of Daily Valuation Date (abbreviated as "DVD"):
MinTimeLevel(DVD(i)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(DVD(i),k)
b)
Case of a Schedule 
When a Schedule is necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follows:
The Schedule may be indexed over time so as to switch from ReferenceFormula(i) to 
ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}):

--- Page 475 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
475
-
ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}) refers to any Dates belonging to the considered 
Schedule(i).
Illustration 1:
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).
By introducing the notion of Schedule, it becomes: 
MaxTimeLevel({Schedule(i)}) means the Maximum, for any t belonging to Schedule(i), of Level(t).
Illustration 2:
AverageTimePerformance(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of Performance(t).
Becomes:
AverageTimePerformance({Schedule(i)}) means the Arithmetic Average, for any t belonging to 
the Schedule(i), of Performance(t).
8)
FXRate
Any Reference Formulae of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.27 below may be 
modified by dividing and/or multiplying with the FXRate as follows:
Reference Formulae [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ]
4.0
Definition of S, SI and FXRate
S(i) or S(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i):
o
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Share, an Index, an SGI Index, a 
Depositary Receipt, an ETF, a Non Equity Security, a Commodity Index, a Fund, a Foreign 
Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, an ETP or a Future, the Closing Price or Opening Price 
as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s) ; 
and /or
o
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Commodity, the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Notes; and / or
o
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Reference Rate, the Reference Rate 
Fixing as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked 
Notes;  and / or
o
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a CDS Spread, the CDS Spread as defined 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes; and / or
o
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying (k)) is a Portfolio, the Portfolio Level as defined in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes.
SI(i) or SI(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) and for an Underlying (respectively an 
Underlying(k)) which is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt, an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), 
a Commodity, an ETP, a Non Equity Security or a Future, the Intraday Price as defined in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s). 
FXRate or FXRate(i) or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) 
means in respect of any Valuation Date(i), the fixing of the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y 
(X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent based on the Price Source (as

--- Page 476 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
476
such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate 
Linked Notes) as of the Valuation Time (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes) provided that if no Valuation Time is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, Valuation Time is deemed to be the cut-off time commonly 
used by market participants for this Price Source. If (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of the foreign exchange rate is not available on the 
Price Source at the Valuation Time, the fixing shall be the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y 
(X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent based on the Substitute Price 
Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign 
Exchange Rate Linked Notes) at the Valuation Time, failing which if, on the Valuation Date(i) at the 
Valuation Time, (a) there is no Substitute Price Source defined in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the 
Substitute Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not available or (c) the fixing 
of such foreign exchange rate is not available on the Substitute Price Source at the Valuation Time, 
then the fixing for the foreign exchange rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, FXRate or FXRate(i) 
or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) will not be used to 
determine the Closing Price of an Underlying that is a Foreign Exchange Rate.
4.1
Family of « SimpleLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the Price, the Level or the Performance of an Underlying.
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Price(i) means S(i) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate.
Performance(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) -100%.
ReversePerformance(i) means 100% - (S(0) / S(i))
Level(i) means (S(i) / S(0)).
ReverseLevel(i) means (S(0) / S(i))
Performance(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike) -100%.
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0) -100%) x Leverage.
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0) -100%) x Leverage(i).
Level(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike).
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage.
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage(i).
DecrementLevel(i, Decrement) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Exp( - Decrement x Act(0, i) / TimeBasis)
IncrementLevel(i, Div) means IncrementLevel(0, Div) x (S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ^ Act(0,i) /
TimeBasis)
Where IncrementLevel(0, Div) = Constant_InitialLevel 
IncrementPerformance(i, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0, Div) x (S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ^ 
Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 100%
Where IncrementPerformance(0, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance
IrrLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) / i

--- Page 477 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
477
IrrLevel(i, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i) / S(0) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]).
CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Level(i, Strike) and Cap(i).
FlooredPerformance(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Performance(i, Strike) and 
Floor(i).
IrrPerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(0) - 100%) / i
IrrPerformance(i, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i) / S(0) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]) - 100%.
CappedPerformance(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Performance(i, Strike) and 
Cap(i).
FlooredLevel(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i).
DivYield(i) means POW((S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i))
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying:
Price(i,k) means S(i,k) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate.
Performance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) -100%.
ReversePerformance(i,k) means 100% - (S(0,k) / S(i,k))
Level(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)).
ReverseLevel(i,k) means (S(0,k) / S(i,k))
Performance(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)) -100%.
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) -100%) x Leverage.
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) -100%) x Leverage(i).
Level(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)).
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage.
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage(i).
DecrementLevel(i, k, Decrement) means (S(i, k) / S(0, k)) x Exp( - Decrement x Act(0, i) / 
TimeBasis)
IncrementLevel(i, k, Div) means IncrementLevel(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ^ Act(0,i) /
TimeBasis)
Where IncrementLevel(0, k, Div) = Constant_InitialLevel
IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – 
Div) ^ Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 100%
Where IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance
IrrLevel(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) / i
IrrLevel(i, k, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]).
IrrPerformance(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100%) / i

--- Page 478 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
478
IrrPerformance(i, k, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]) - 100%.
FlooredLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum between Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and 
Floor(i,k).
CappedLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and 
Cap(i,k).
FlooredPerformance(i, 
k, 
Strike(k), 
Floor(i,k)) 
means 
the 
Maximum 
between 
Performance(i,k,Strike(k)) and Floor(i,k).
CappedPerformance(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Performance(i, k, 
Strike(k)) and Cap(i,k).
DivYield(i,k) means POW((S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i,k))
For the Family of Barrier Products where a leverage is defined for the Final Redemption Formula, a 
specific LeveragePercentage will be defined in the applicable Final Terms and the Strike (or Barrier) 
will be defined as follows: 
If the Notes are indexed on one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier) = LeveragePercentage x S(i).
If the Notes are indexed on more than one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier)= LeveragePercentage x 
S(i,k).
4.2
Family of « RankedLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) used only for Products having several Underlyings sort Underlyings based 
on their respective Levels in respect of a Valuation Date.
RankedLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Level of the Underlying having the k-
th ranking within a Basket made of N Underlyings (sorted from the smallest to the largest Levels). 
For the avoidance of doubt, RankedLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) Level(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedLevel(i,N) 
= Max(s from 1 to N) Level(i,s).
WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product 
of RW(i,k) and RankedLevel(i,k). 
MaxTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)). 
MinTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)).
SumTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)).
AverageTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 
t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)).
4.3
Family of « BasketLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine a Basket Level and the maximum or minimum Basket Level or the 
sum or running average of Basket Levels over a period of time.
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k).

--- Page 479 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
479
SumBasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k).
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k).
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i).
MinTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i).
SumTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i).
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
BasketLevel(i).
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
AverageBasketLevel(i).
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i).
MinTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i).
SumTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i).
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i).
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
AverageBasketLevel(i).
4.4
Family of « BasketPerformance » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine a Basket Performance and the maximum or minimum Basket 
Performance or the sum or arithmetic average Performances of the Basket over a period of time.
BasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and 
Performance(i,k).
SumBasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k)
BasketRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and 
RestrikePerformance(i,k).
AverageBasketPerformance(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, 
k).MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
BasketPerformance(i).
AverageBasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div).
BasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) 
and IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div).
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
BasketPerformance(i).
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i).
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
BasketPerformance(i).

--- Page 480 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
480
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to 
t2, of AverageBasketPerformance(i).
MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i).
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i).
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i).
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
BasketPerformance(i).
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
AverageBasketPerformance(i).
4.5
Family of « BestLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine, in respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying, 
among several Underlyings, with the best Level (or the best Performance) in respect of a Valuation 
Date or over a period of time.
BestPrice(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Price(i,k).
BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k).
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, 
BestLevel(i) is equal to RankedLevel(i,N).
BestPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of 
Performance(i, k, Strike(k)).
BestLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)).
LeverageBestPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to 
N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage(k)).
LeverageBestLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)).
BestIncrementPerformance(i, 
Div) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
k 
from 
1 
to 
N, 
of 
IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div).
MaxTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i).
MinTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i).
SumTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i).
AverageTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
BestPerformance(i).
MaxTimeBestLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i).
MinTimeBestLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i).
SumTimeBestLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i).

--- Page 481 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
481
AverageTimeBestLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i).
4.6
Family of « WorstLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the Underlying with the worst Level (or the worst Performance) in 
respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the worst Level or the worst Performance of 
the Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time).
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k).
WorstPerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k). 
WorstLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of, Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, 
WorstLevel(i) is equal to RankedLevel(i,1).
WorstPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of 
Performance(i, k, Strike(k)).
WorstLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)).
LeverageWorstPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 
to N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage(k)).
LeverageWorstLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)).
WorstIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of 
IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div).
MaxTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i).
MinTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i).
SumTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i).
AverageTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
WorstPerformance(i).
MaxTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i).
MinTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i).
SumTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i).
AverageTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i).
4.7
Family of « LargeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the Underlying(s) with the highest Level(s) or Performance(s) in 
respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the highest Level or Performance of the 
Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time).
LargeLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from N-m+1 to N, of RankedLevel(i,k). For the avoidance of 
doubt, LargeLevel(i,1) = RankedLevel(i,N) = BestLevel(i).
AveragingLargeLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of LargeLevel(i,m) and m.

--- Page 482 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
482
AverageLargeLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from N-m+1 to N, of LargeLevel(i,k).
MaxTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m).
MinTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m).
SumTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m).
AverageTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m).
4.8
Family of « SmallLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine, in respect of Products having several Underlyings, the 
Underlying(s) with the smallest Level(s) (or Performance(s)) in respect of a Valuation Date or over 
a period of time.
SmallLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from 1 to m, of RankedLevel(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, 
SmallLevel(i,1) = RankedLevel(i,1) = WorstLevel(i).
AveragingSmallLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of SmallLevel(i,m) and m. 
AverageSmallLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to m, of SmallLevel(i,k).
MaxTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m).
MinTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m).
SumTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m).
AverageTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m).
4.9
Family of « TimeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the maximum or minimum Price, Level or Performance of an 
Underlying, the running sum or average of the Price, Level or Performance of an Underlying over a 
period of time.
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).
MinTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).
SumTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).
MaxTimeLevel(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k).
MinTimeLevel(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k).
SumTimeLevel(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k).
AverageTimeLevel(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k).
FlooredMinTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum between MinTimeLevel(i,k) and 
Floor(k).

--- Page 483 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
483
CappedMaxTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum between MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and 
Cap(k).
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i).
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i).
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i).
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i).
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k).
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k).
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k).
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k).
MaxTimePerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i).
MinTimePerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i).
SumTimePerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i).
AverageTimePerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i).
MaxTimePerformance(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k).
MinTimePerformance(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k).
SumTimePerformance(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k).
AverageTimePerformance(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k).
FlooredMinTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum between 
MinTimePerformance(i,k) and Floor(k).
CappedMaxTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum between 
MaxTimePerformance(i,k) and Cap(k).
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i).
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i).
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i).
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
Performance(i).
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k).
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k).
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k).
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
Performance(i,k).

--- Page 484 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
484
MaxTimePrice(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i).
MinTimePrice(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i).
SumTimePrice(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i).
AverageTimePrice(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i).
MaxTimePrice(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k).
MinTimePrice(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k).
SumTimePrice(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k).
AverageTimePrice(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k).
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i).
MinTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i).
SumTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i).
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i).
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k).
MinTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k).
SumTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k).
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k).
4.10
Family of « RankedTime »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) sort, in respect of Products having several Underlyings, Underlyings based 
on their respective MaxTimeLevels, MinTimeLevels, SumTimeLevels or AverageTimeLevels 
(determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time Level") 
in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time.
RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based 
on their respective MaxTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of 
doubt, RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) MaxTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ 
RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MaxTimeLevel(i,s).
RankedMinTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based 
on their respective MinTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of 
doubt, 
RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1) 
= 
Min(s 
from 
1 
to 
N) 
MinTimeLevel(i,s) 
≤ 
... 
≤ 
RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MinTimeLevel(i,s).
RankedSumTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based 
on their respective SumTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance 
of doubt, RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) SumTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ 
RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) SumTimeLevel(i,s).
RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings 
based on their respective AverageTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the 
avoidance of doubt, RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... 
≤ RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s).

--- Page 485 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
485
4.11
Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a 
period of time) of the weighted sum of the MaxTimeLevels.
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and 
MaxTimeLevel(i,k).
MaxTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i).
MinTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Minimum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i).
SumTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Sum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i).
AverageTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i).
4.12
Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a 
period of time) of the weighted sum of the MinTimeLevels.
WeightedMinTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and 
MinTimeLevel(i,k).
MaxTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedMinTimeLevel(i).
MinTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Minimum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedMinTimeLevel(i).
SumTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i).
AverageTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
WeightedMinTimeLevel(i).
4.13
Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the weighted sum of the SumTimeLevels (determined by applying 
a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time Level") and the maximum or 
minimum value, the sum or the weighted average of such SumTime Levels.
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and 
SumTimeLevel(i,k).
MaxTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i).
MinTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Minimum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i).
SumTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Sum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i).

--- Page 486 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
486
AverageTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i).
4.14
Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the weighted sum of the AverageTimeLevels (determined by 
applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time Level") and the maximum 
or minimum value, the sum or the weighted average of such AverageTimeLevels.
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and 
AverageTimeLevel(i,k).
MaxTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of 
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i).
MinTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of 
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i).
SumTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) 
means 
the 
Sum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i).
AverageTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i).
4.15
Family of « WorstTimeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the worst 
RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference 
Formulae "RankedTime").
WorstMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1).
WorstMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1).
WorstSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1).
WorstAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1).
4.16
Family of « BestTimeLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the best 
RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference 
Formulae "RankedTime").
BestMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N).
BestMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N).
BestSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N).
BestAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N).

--- Page 487 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
487
4.17
Family of « RestrikePerformance »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine Performances and Levels between two consecutive Valuation 
Dates.
RestrikeLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)).
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)))).
RestrikeLevel(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1))).
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)))
NegativeRestrikeLevel(i) means RestrikeLevel(i, 1).
RestrikeLevel(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)).
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Floor(i,k), Cap(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)))).
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Cap(i,k)) means Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k))).
RestrikeLevel(i, k,Floor(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)))
BasketRestrikeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and 
RestrikeLevel(i,k).
MaxTimeRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of 
RestrikeLevel(t).
MaxTimeBasketRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of 
BasketRestrikeLevel(t).
RestrikePerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%.
RestrikePerformance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)) -100%.
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)).
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)).
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%).
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%).
NegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means RestrikePerformance(i, 0).
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t).
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t 
from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)).
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)).
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap).

--- Page 488 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
488
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, 
Cap).
SumTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) 
means 
the 
Sum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(t).
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 
to i, of RestrikePerformance(t) and (b) 100%. 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the 
Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)) and 
(b) 100%. 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Difference between (a) the 
Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)) and (b) 100%.
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Difference between (a) the Product, 
for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap) and (b) 100%. 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t 
from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap) and (b) 100%.
ProductTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for 
t from 1 to i, of the NegativeRestrikePerformance(t) and (b) 100%.
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t).
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, for 
t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)).
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)).
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap).
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Cap).
MinTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(t).
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t).
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the 
Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)).
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 1 
to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)).
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap).
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap).
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t).

--- Page 489 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
489
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the 
Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)).
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 
1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)).
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, 
of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap).
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap).
RestrikeSmoothieLevel(i, Downside, Upside) means 100% + Upside x Max(0 ; S(i) / S(i-1) - 
100%) - Downside x Min(0 ; S(i) / S(i-1) - 100%).
SmoothiePerformance(i, Downside, Upside) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t 
from 1 to i, of RestrikeSmoothieLevel(t, Downside, Upside) and (b) 100%.
4.18
Family of « ModifiedPerformance »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) set a maximum value ("Cap"), a minimum value ("Floor") for a Level or a 
Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the difference between a Level 
or a Performance and a Threshold.
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means:
-
If 
Performance(i,k) 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) 
; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k))
-
If 
Performance(i,k) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:, 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = 
Max(Floor(i) ; Downside(i) x Performance(i,k)).
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means:
-
If 
Performance(i,k) 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k)))
-
If 
Performance(i,k) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(DownFloor(i) ; Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x 
Performance(i,k))).
ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) means:
­
If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then:
ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) = ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), Threshold(i-2), ReferenceFormula(i-2)) + Target(i)
­
If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then:
ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) = ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), Threshold(i-2), ReferenceFormula(i-2))

--- Page 490 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
490
For the avoidance of doubt, if i from t1 to t2, ModifiedTarget(t1, Target(t1), Threshold(t1-1), 
ReferenceFormula(t1-1)) means the initial value of ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-
1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms.
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means:
-
If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then:
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, 
k, 
Threshold(i), 
Upside(i), 
Downside(i), 
UpCap(i), 
UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x 
RestrikePerformance(i,k)))
-
If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then:
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, 
k, 
Threshold(i), 
Upside(i), 
Downside(i), 
UpCap(i), 
UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(DownFloor(i) ; Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) 
x RestrikePerformance(i,k))).
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means:
-
If 
Level(i,k) 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; 
Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i)))
-
If 
Level(i,k) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:, 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i) ; 
Downside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))).
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), 
DownFloor(i)) means:
-
If 
Level(i,k) 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), 
DownFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))))
-
If 
Level(i,k) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:
ModifiedLevel(I, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), 
DownFloor(i)) = Max(DownFloor(i) ; Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x (Level(I,k) – 
Threshold(i)))).
AverageModifiedPerformance(I, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means 
the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of ModifiedPerformance(I, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), 
Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)).
AverageModifiedPerformance(I, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
ModifiedPerformance(I, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), 
DownFloor(i)).
CappedModifiedPerformance(I, k, Cap(I,k)) means the Minimum between Performance(I,k) and 
Cap(I,k).
FlooredModifiedPerformance(I, k, Floor(I,k)) means the Maximum between Performance(I,k) and 
Floor(I,k).
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(I, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means:
-
If 
Performance(i,k) 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
0%, 
then:
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = 
Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k))

--- Page 491 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
491
-
If 
Performance(i,k) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
0%, 
then:
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = 
Max(Floor(i); Downside(i) x Performance(i,k)).
For the avoidance of doubt, LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)) is equal 
to ModifiedPerformance(i, k, 0%, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)).
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means:
-
If 
Performance(i,k) 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
Threshold(i), 
then:
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i)
-
Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then:
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum between 
Floor(i) and Performance(i,k).
AverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, 
of CappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Cap(i)).
LeveragedAverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Upside(i), Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic 
Average, for k from 1 to N, of LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)).
AverageModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic 
Average, for k from 1 to N, of Modified Jade Performance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)).
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Coupon(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) 
means: 
-
If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, 
then: 
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, 
k, 
Coupon(i), 
Upside(i), 
Cap(i), 
Floor(i), 
ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x ReferenceFormula(i,k))) 
-
If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, 
then:
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, 
k, 
Coupon(i), 
Upside(i), 
Cap(i), 
Floor(i), 
ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Coupon(i)
4.19
Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) freeze the Performances of Underlyings within a Basket, subject to the actual 
Performance of the Underlyings being above a threshold, before ejecting them from the Basket.
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means:
-
If for every t between 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is lower than [or equal to] 
Threshold(t), then:
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum 
between Floor(i) and Performance(i,k)
-
If for at least one t between 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is higher than [or equal to] 
Threshold(t), then:, 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i)

--- Page 492 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
492
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic 
Average, for k from 1 to N, of FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)).
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) can be renamed, 
respectively,
MemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and 
AverageMemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)), if relevant and 
appropriate.
4.20
Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine overtime the locked-in levels of Underlying(s) having the best 
performance among the remaining Underlyings comprising the Basket. 
"M" means the number of Underlyings ejected from the Basket in respect of a Valuation Date.
EjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), EjectBasket(i-1,M) from which is ejected, 
for k from 1 to M, the BestPerformers(i,k). EjectBasket(0, M) means the initial basket of Underlyings 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms.
WorstEjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M) from which 
is ejected, for k from 1 to M, the WorstPerformers(i,k). WorstEjectBasket(0, M) means the initial 
basket of Underlyings as defined in the applicable Final Terms.
BestPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the best 
Performance(s) among the Underlyings comprising the EjectBasket(i-1,M). 
WorstPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the worst 
Performance(s) among the Underlyings comprising the WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M). 
BestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LargeLevel(i,M) for the 
Underlyings comprising EjectBasket(i-1,M).
WorstPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), SmallLevel(i,M) for the 
Underlyings comprising WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M).
FreePerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LargeLevel(i,N-Mxi) for the 
Underlyings comprising EjectBasket(i,M).
SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to 
i of BestPerformersLevel(t,M). 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Ratio between 
(a) the Sum of SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) and FreePerformersLevel(i,M) and (b) N. For the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) 
may 
also 
be 
named 
HimalayaLevel(i,M). 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the 
Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of HimalayaLevel(t,M). For the avoidance of doubt, 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) may also be named EmeraldLevel(i,M). 
BestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Sum for k from 1 to M of ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), 
Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) of BestPerformers(i,M).
FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Sum for k from 1 to N-Mxi of ModifiedLevel(i, k,

--- Page 493 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
493
Threshold(i), 
Upside(i), 
Downside(i), 
Cap(i), 
Floor(i)) 
of 
the 
Underlyings 
comprising 
EjectBasket(i,M).
SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), 
Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to i of 
BestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)).
AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), 
Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Ratio between (a) the Sum of 
SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) 
and FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and (b) 
N. For the avoidance of doubt, AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), 
Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also be named ModifiedHimalayaLevel(i, M, 
Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)).
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, 
M, 
Threshold(i), 
Upside(i), 
Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Maximum, for t from 1 to 
i, of ModifiedHimalayaLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). For the 
avoidance of doubt, MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), 
Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also be named ModifiedEmeraldLevel(i, M, 
Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)).
4.21
Family of « RangeAccrual » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the ratio between (i) the number of Valuation Dates for which a 
certain Level, Price or Performance is in or out predefined boundaries and (ii) the total number of 
Valuation Dates. 
4.21.1
RangeAccrual:
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)] or 
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound)] or [RangeKnock-In Event(i)]] means in respect 
of Schedule(i), the Ratio n(i) / N(i),
Where:
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for 
which [ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]
or [ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and is 
lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
or [a RangeKnock-In Event(i) has [not] occurred].
And:
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i).
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound and ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound is/are (but without 
limitation):
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above)
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » 
above)

--- Page 494 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
494
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above)
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below)
4.21.2
DualRangeAccrual:
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound_1(i), LowerBound_2(i), UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound2(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)] or 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound_1(i), LowerBound2(i), UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound_2(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2)] means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio n(i) / 
N(i), 
Where:
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for 
which [ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i) and 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)]
or
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and is 
lower than [or equal to] UpperBound1(i) [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2(t) is 
higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound2(i)]
And:
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i).
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_1 
and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2 is/are (but without limitation):
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above)
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6Family of « WorstLevel » 
above)
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » 
above)
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
below)
4.21.3
BinaryRangeAccrual:
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)] or 
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound)] means in respect of Schedule(i), a number equal 
to one (1) if n(i) is equal to N(i) and zero (0) otherwise, 
Where:
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for 
which:
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) 
is 
higher 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
LowerBound(i) 
and 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]

--- Page 495 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
495
Or
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and is lower 
than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]
And:
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i).
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound and ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound is/are (but without 
limitation):
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above)
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » 
above)
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » 
above)
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
below)
4.22
Family of « IntradayLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the Intraday Price of an Underlying, the maximum or minimum 
value of such Intraday Price of an Underlying, the Level (or Performance) of the Intraday Price or of 
such maximum or minimum value of such Intraday Price.
MinTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i) over all 
observation days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to 
Valuation Date(i) (included).
MaxTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i) over all 
observation days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to 
Valuation Date(i) (included).
MinTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i,k) 
over all observation days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) 
(included) to Valuation Date(i) (included).
MaxTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i,k) 
over all observation days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) 
(included) to Valuation Date(i) (included).
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0) - 100%
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0) - 100%
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100%
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100%
WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k)
WorstIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k)

--- Page 496 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
496
BestIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k)
BestIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k)
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0)
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0)
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k)
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k)
WorstIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) 
means 
the 
Minimum, 
for 
k 
from 
1 
to 
N, 
of 
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k)
WorstIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) 
means 
the 
Minimum, 
for 
k 
from 
1 
to 
N, 
of 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k)
BestIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k)
BestIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
k 
from 
1 
to 
N, 
of 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k)
4.23
Family of « VolatilityLevel » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the historical volatility level of a given Underlying.
AverageReturns(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of LN(RestrikeLevel(t)).
HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, DetrendFactor) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of 
[LN(RestrikeLevel(t)) – DetrendFactor x AverageReturns(i)]^2.
HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, 
DetrendFactor, 
AnnualObservationNumber) 
means 
[HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, DetrendFactor) x AnnualObservationsNumber / i]^(0.5).
RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel(t1, t2, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) means 
[HistoricalVarianceLevel(t2, DetrendFactor) - HistoricalVarianceLevel(t1, DetrendFactor)) x 
AnnualObservationsNumber / (t2 – t1)]^(0.5).
4.24
Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula » 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) combine two or several ReferenceFormula(e) (ReferenceFormula1, 
ReferenceFormula2,..., ReferenceFormulaN).
Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) 
means the Sum of ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
It may also be written Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are 
identical.
Sum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i).
Average(i1, 
i2,…, 
iN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2), 
…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) 
means 
the 
Arithmetic 
Average 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Average(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical.

--- Page 497 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
497
Average(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i).
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula1(i), ReferenceFormula2(t)) means the Difference between 
ReferenceFormula1(i) and ReferenceFormula2(t). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i) - 
ReferenceFormula2(t).
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula(i) and 
ReferenceFormula(t). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula(i) - ReferenceFormula(t).
Product(i1, 
i2,…,iN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2),…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) 
means 
the 
Product 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
written 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i1) x ReferenceFormula2(i2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN).
Product(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i).
Ratio(i, 
t, 
ReferenceFormula1(i), 
ReferenceFormula2(t)) 
means 
the 
Ratio 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i) and ReferenceFormula2(t). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i) / 
ReferenceFormula2(t).
MaxDifference(t1, t2, Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to 
t2, of the Maximum for t from i to t2 of Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula). It may also be written as 
Max(i from t1 to t2)(t from i to t2) [Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)].
Maximum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i).
Maximum(i1, 
i2,…, 
iN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2), 
…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) 
means 
the 
Maximum 
between 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical
Minimum(i1, 
i2,…, 
iN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2), 
…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) 
means 
the 
Minimum 
between 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical.
Minimum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i).
For Notes indexed on more than one underlying and a combination over time:
Sum(i1, 
i2,…iN, 
k, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) 
means 
the 
Sum 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), … and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
Sum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k).
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula1(i,k), ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) means the Difference 
between ReferenceFormula1(i,k) and ReferenceFormula2(t,k). It may also be written as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k) - ReferenceFormula2(t,k).
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula(i,k) and 
ReferenceFormula(t,k). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula(i,k) - ReferenceFormula(t,k).

--- Page 498 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
498
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula(i,k) and 
ReferenceFormula(t,k). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula(i,k) - ReferenceFormula(t,k).
Product(i1, 
i2,…,iN, 
k, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) 
means 
the 
Product 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be written as 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k) x ReferenceFormula2(i2,k) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k).
Product(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i,k).
Ratio(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula1(i,k), ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) means the Ratio of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k) 
and 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
written 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k) / ReferenceFormula2(t,k).
Maximum(i1, 
i2,…, 
iN, 
k, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), 
…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) 
means 
the 
Maximum 
between 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be written Maximum(i1, 
i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical.
Maximum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2 of 
ReferenceFormula(i,k).
Minimum(i1, 
i2,…, 
iN, 
k, 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), 
…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) 
means 
the 
Minimum 
between 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be written Minimum(i1, 
i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical.
Minimum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i,k).
AbsoluteValue(i, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Absolute Value of ReferenceFormula(i,k).
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying and a combination over underlyings:
Sum(i, k1,...,kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) 
means 
the 
Sum 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, 
and 
ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Sum(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) when the 
ReferenceFormulae are identical.
Sum(i, k1, k2, RefereenceFormula(i,k)) means the sum, for k from k1 to k2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i,k).
Difference(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(t,k2)) means the Difference 
between ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) and ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). It may also be written as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) - ReferenceFormula2(i,k2).
Product(i, 
k1,..., 
kN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) 
means 
the 
Product 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) x ReferenceFormula2(i,k2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN).
Product(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the product , for k from k1 to k2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i,k).
Ratio(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2)) means the Ratio of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) 
and 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
written 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) / ReferenceFormula2(i,k2).

--- Page 499 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
499
Maximum(i, 
k1,..., 
kN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) 
means 
the 
Maximum 
between 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Maximum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical
Maximum(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum for k from k1 to k2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i,k).
Minimum(i, 
k1,..., 
kN, 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, 
ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) 
means 
the 
Minimum 
between 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Minimum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical
Minimum(i,k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for k from k1 to k2, of 
ReferenceFormula(i,k).
4.25
Family of « ReferenceFixings »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine combinations of interest rate fixings
Fixing(i) means S(i) in respect of an Underlying which is Reference Rate.
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i).
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i).
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i).
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Difference between Fixing(t1) and Fixing(t2) (or respectively 
the difference between Fixing(t2) and Fixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms).
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t1) 
and Fixing(t2) (or respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t2) and Fixing(t1) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms).
Fixing(i,k) means S(i,k) in respect of an Underlying(k) which is Reference Rate.
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the Fixing(i,k).
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k).
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k).
AverageTimeSpreadFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
SpreadFixing(i).
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Difference between Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or 
respectively the Difference between Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between 
Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference between 
Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final Terms).
BestFixing(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k).
WorstFixing(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k).

--- Page 500 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
500
AverageFixing(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k).
BasketFixing(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Fixing(i,k).
MaxTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the BasketFixing(i)
MinTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketFixing(i)
AverageTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of 
BasketFixing(i)
SpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) 
means 
the 
Difference 
between 
BasketFixing(t1) 
and 
BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Difference between BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms).
AbsoluteSpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between 
BasketFixing(t1) and BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference between 
BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms).
SpreadFixing(i) means in respect of Underlying(1) and Underlying(2) which are Reference Rate, 
the Difference between Fixing(i,1) and Fixing(i,2) (or respectively the Difference between Fixing(i,2) 
and Fixing(i,1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms).
ShiftedFixing(i, Shift) means the sum of Shift and Fixing(i)
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Coupon(i,k), Weight(i,k)) means:
-
If Fixing(i,k) is equal to Threshold(i,k), then:
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Coupon(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Coupon(i,k)
-
If Fixing(i,k) is different from Threshold(i,k), then:
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Coupon(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Weight(i,k)
CapiReferenceLevel(i, Fixing, FixingBasis, Spread) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the 
Product for t from 1 to i of [100% + (Fixing(t-1) + Spread(t-1)) x Fixing Basis(t)].
4.26
Family of « InBetweenLevel »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine, in respect of Products having several Underlyings, the 
Underlying(s) with the Level(s) comprised between the smallest levels and the largest levels, in 
respect of a Valuation Date.
InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Sum, for k from m1 to m2, of RankedLevel(i,k).  
AveragingInBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Ratio of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) and (m2-
m1+1).
MaxTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel 
(i,m1,m2).
MinTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) 
means 
the 
Minimum, 
for 
i 
from 
1 
to 
t, 
of 
InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2).
SumTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2).
AverageTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of 
InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2).

--- Page 501 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
501
4.27
Family of « Combined Vanillas »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) set a maximum value ("Cap"), a minimum value ("Floor") for a Level or a 
Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the difference between a Level 
or a Performance and a Threshold.
SumOfCalls(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitCall(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), 
Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i))
Where:
UnitCall(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means the Product of 
Weight(k) and Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; ReferenceFormula(k)(i) – Strike(k)))
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), 
Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i))
Where:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then:
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; 
Max(Floor(k) ; Weight(k)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then:
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; 
Max(Floor(k) ; 0))
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), 
Coupon(k), UpCap(k), UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i))
Where:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then:
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(UpCap(k) ; Max(UpFloor(k) ; Weight(k)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then:
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), UpCap(k), UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(DownCap(k) ; Max(DownFloor(k) ; Coupon(k)))
SumOfEventDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), 
Coupon(k), UpCap(k), UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k))
Where:
Scenario 1:

--- Page 502 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
502
If an [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then:
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k)) means 
Min(UpCap(k) ; Max(UpFloor(k) ; Weight(k)))
Scenario 2:
If an [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then:
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), UpCap(k), UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k)) means 
Min(DownCap(k) ; Max(DownFloor(k) ; Coupon(k)))
SumOfStrikedDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitStrikedDigit(i, k, 
Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i))
Where:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then:
UnitStrikedDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Weight(k)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then:
UnitStrikedDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means 0
SumOfTimeDigits(t1,i) means the Sum, for t from t1 to i, of UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t),  
Coupon(k), ReferenceFormula(t))
Where:
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike, then:
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), Coupon(k), ReferenceFormula(t)) means Weight(t)
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike, then:
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), Coupon(k), ReferenceFormula(t)) means Coupon(k).
SumOfCallsAndDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of the Product of 
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) 
and UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i))
Where:
UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i)) 
means 
the 
Product 
of 
WeightCall(k) 
and 
Min(CapCall(k) 
; 
Max(FloorCall(k) 
; 
ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i) – StrikeCall(k)))
And:

--- Page 503 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
503
Scenario 1:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigit(k), then:
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) 
means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; Weight(k)))
Scenario 2:
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigit(k), then:
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) 
means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; 0)) 
4.28
Family of « EU Allowance »
Spread Value(i): (i from 0 to LastValuationDate) =  [S(i,k2) – S(i,k1)] / S(0,k1) 
FXSpread Value(i): (i from 0 to LastValuationDate) = {[S(i,k2) – S(i,k1)] x FXRate(i,k1) + 
[FXRate(i,k2) - FXRate(i,k1)] x S(0,k2)} / [S(0,k1) x FXRate(0,k1)]
Arbitrage Opportunity(i): (i from 0 to LastValuationDate) means in respect of the Interest Period(n) 
(n from 1 to NumberOfInterestPeriods) to which a Valuation Date(i) belongs: [S((n-1), 
k_FloatingRate)+ Spread] x [ ( Act(i9,i10) / Act(i11,i12) ) ] [ + [SwapRate(n) + Spread] x DF(t) x [ ( 
Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) ) ] ]
DF(t) means the discount factor calculated as exp( negative ( Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) ) x 
SwapRate(t))
exp(x) is the inverse function of ln(x)
negative(x) means that x is a negative value
SwapRate(n) (n from 1 to NumberOfInterestPeriods) in respect of an Interest Period(n) is 
determined as follows:
Scenario 1: If the number resulting from the calculation ( Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) is equal to a 
Tenor(k) (k from 1 to NumberOfSwapRateTenorsOffered), then SwapRate(n) is the Reference Rate 
Fixing of the Risk-Free Reference Rate(k) which corresponds to that Tenor(k)
Scenario 2:  If number resulting from the calculation ( Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) falls between a 
Tenor(k) (k from 1 to NumberOfSwapRateTenorsOffered) and the immediately succeeding 
Tenor(k+1), then SwapRate(n) is the result from applying a linear interpolation to the Reference 
Rate Fixings of the corresponding Risk-Free Reference Rate(k) and Risk-Free Reference Rate(k+1)
Tenor(k) (k from 1 to NumberOfSwapRateTenorsOffered) is set out in the following table:
k
Tenor(k)
Risk-Free Reference Rate(k)
1
[a day] [ 1/[360][365] ][other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]

--- Page 504 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
504
2
[a week] [ 7/[360][365] ] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
3
[a month] [1/12] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
4
[3 months] [¼][other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
5
[6 months] [ ½ ] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
6
[9 Months] [ ¾ ] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
7
[a year] [1] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
8
[2 years] [2] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
9
[3 years] [3] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
[…] 
N
[N years] [N] [other tenor]
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert 
SwapRate(t) corresponding to this tenor]
4.29
Family of « Counter »
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e):  the Reference Formulae of this Family of 
Reference Formula(e) determine the number of Valuation Dates for which a certain Level, Price or 
Performance is in or out predefined boundaries or the number of Valuation Dates for which an event 
has occurred.
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), ReferenceFormula_Bound)] means the number of Valuation 
Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which ReferenceFormula_Bound(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] 
Bound(i)
Counter({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerUpperBound)] means the number of Valuation Date(t) within 
Schedule(i) for which ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] 
LowerBound(i) [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is lower than [or equal to] 
UpperBound(i)
Counter({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound) means the number of Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for 
which ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), [European] [American] [Memory] [Target] [a Range] Knock-
In Event[i]) means the number of Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which a[n] [European] 
[American] [Memory] [Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event(i) has [not] occurred].

--- Page 505 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
505
5.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS USED IN THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING 
TO FORMULAE
5.1
Generic indices, enumeration, simplification and scenario conventions
5.1.1
Generic indices convention used in Product Formulae definitions
"i" or "t" or "t1" or "t2" means the reference to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant 
Valuation Date or a date within a relevant Schedule. For ease of reading, those letters can be 
replaced by n, t, x, y or z, being clarified that this list is not exhaustive.
"k" or "s" means the reference to any Underlying specified in the relevant Basket. 
"N" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant Basket.
"SubN" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant sub-basket defined as a part 
of the relevant Basket. SubN is strictly lower than N. 
"RVD(i)" ("Relevant Valuation Date" and with the abbreviate "RVD") means, in respect of any 
date(i), the reference to a date (which may be different from date(i))
For illustration purposes, Valuation Date(i) may be, in respect of an Interest Payment Date(i), the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date.
"t0" (or "0") means the first Valuation Date or the first date of a relevant Schedule.
"T" means the last Valuation Date or the last date of a relevant Schedule.
For the avoidance of doubt, i-1, t-1, t1-1, t2-1, or T-1 (resp. t+1,t1+1,t2+1, or T+1) means the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding (resp. following) i, t, t1, t2 or T.
5.1.2
Enumeration convention
Enumeration will be generally defined as follows: 
The dates within the Reference Formula are defined using the following enumeration "from 0 to t" 
and / or "from 1 to t" and / or "from t1 to t2". The ReferenceFormula listed below can be defined with 
any of such three enumerations, as the case may be to determine the Product Formula.
Illustration
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i)"
could be modified in: 
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i)."
"(i from t1 to t2)" means any date(i) from and including t1 to and including t2.
"(k from 1 to N)" means any Underlying(k) within a Basket from and including Underlying(1) to and 
including Underlying(N).
For the avoidance of doubt, lower and upper bounds of enumerations used in Product Formulae 
definitions can be modified notably (but not only) to take into account specificities of Schedules 
relating to Products. For instance (i from 0 to T) used in a generic Product Formula can become 
(i from 1 to T-1) for the purpose of defining a Product Formula in respect of a particular Product.

--- Page 506 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
506
5.1.3
Simplification convention
5.1.3.1 For ease of reading, certain conditions relating to Product Formula(e) as defined herein may be 
simplified as follows:
Case 1: only one barrier condition is required 
For example in respect of the following conditions:
"If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(T) 
and ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:",
If the second condition "ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier" is not 
required, these conditions may be simplified as follows: "If on Valuation Date(T), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(T), then".
Case 2: one of the barrier condition is redundant
For example, in respect of the following conditions:
"If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(T) 
and ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:",
If "ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is equal to ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) and FinalBarrier is lower 
than or equal to AutocallBarrier(T)",is not required, these conditions may be simplified as follows: 
"If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, 
then".
Case 3: addition of Variable Data and values determined based on Reference Formulae
For example, in respect of the following Product Formula:
"Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
+ 
Participation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(T) – Strike)"
If ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA is equal to 90%, Participation is equal to 100% and Strike is equal 
to 10%, Product Formula may be simplified as follows:
"Product Formula(T) = 80% + ReferenceFormula_Final(T)"
where:
80% = 90% - 10%
5.1.3.2 EU Allowance
For ease of reading, where the application of the formulae produces the same Product Amount in 
both scenarios, the Final Redemption Amount may be simplified as follows: 
Final Redemption Amount = Product Amount
5.1.4
Scenario convention
The convention described hereunder is applicable to all the different Scenarios described in 
Condition 3.

--- Page 507 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
507
A scenario is deemed to have occurred and therefore to pay an associated Product Formula 
according to the position of the relevant Reference Formula and a predefined barrier and/or 
according to the occurrence of an knock-in event. The position of the relevant Reference Formula 
and a predefined barrier can be "higher", "lower", "higher or equal to" or "lower or equal to". When 
the position of the relevant Reference Formula is described as being "higher" or "lower", it can be 
written as "strictly higher" or "strictly lower".
5.2
Generic definitions
Deliverable Asset (respectively Deliverable Asset(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively 
underlying asset (k)) delivered when the clause "Physical Delivery Notes Provisions" is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms.
"Deliverable Asset" shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.1.7.
Product Amount(s) means the amount(s) defined as such in the Overview of these Additional 
Terms and Conditions.
Product Formula(e) means the formula(e) defined as such in the Overview of these Additional 
Terms and Conditions.
Reference Formula(e) means the reference formula(e) relating to one Product or more than one 
Product, defined as such in the Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions.
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
currency is specified, the currency of the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes.
Specified Denomination means the specified denomination of each Note specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively underlying asset 
(k)) being used as underlying to the relevant Reference Formula(e) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. "Underlying" shall have the meaning given to it in the section "Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Structured Notes".
5.3
Schedules, dates and days
Act(tj,ti) means the number of calendar days between Valuation Date(tj) (included) and Valuation 
Date(ti) (excluded) or such other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Automatic Early Redemption Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Business Day means a business day as defined in the relevant General Terms and Conditions or 
in the applicable Final Terms.
DayCountFraction means a convention for determining the basis of calculating the day count 
fraction or the Day Count Fraction convention as defined in the relevant General Terms and 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
DCF means the Day Count Fraction convention as defined in the relevant General Terms and 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms, assuming for this purpose a period starting 
on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (or the Issue Date if the Interest 
Commencement Date is not specified) and finishing on (but excluding) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date, as applicable.
FixingBasis means the relevant day count convention expressed as a fraction X/Y (where the 
numerator X is a number of days between two dates "t-1" and "t" over which interest is earned and 
the denominator Y is the total number of days in the period measured) which defines the manner in

--- Page 508 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
508
which interest accrues over time, and in either case as selected from the General Terms and 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
HighBarrierEventDate means the date on which a HighBarrierEvent has occurred.
Interest Payment Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
LowBarrierEventDate means the date on which a LowBarrierEvent has occurred.
Maturity Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Mat means the number of years of observation of the Underlying to which it is applied. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Mat may not be an integer.
Memory Valuation Date means any date where the Memory Effect applies and is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Schedule(i) means the i-th Schedule defined in the applicable Final Terms as being either (A) a list 
of Valuation Dates or Relevant Valuation Dates or any other dates, or (B) all Valuation Dates or 
Relevant Valuation Dates or any other dates comprised within a period from and [including] 
[excluding] date t1 to and [including] [excluding] date t2.
Scheduled Maturity Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
SecondHighBarrierEventDate means the date on which a SecondHighBarrierEvent has occurred.
SecondLowBarrierEventDate means the date on which a SecondLowBarrierEvent has occurred.
TimeBasis means 360 or 365 as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Valuation Date or Relevant Valuation Date (RVD) or any other date each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, means in respect of one or more than one Underlying, the date defined as 
the Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant 
Underlying(s).
5.4
Variable Data
When applicable, the following Variable Data shall be specified when relevant in the applicable Final 
Terms. These Variable Data may be an amount, a percentage, the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered or any value yielded by one or several mathematical operations which may imply one or 
several Reference Formula(e), and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product.
In case of Non-exempt Offer to the public only, any of the following Variable Data expressed as a 
percentage or as an amount can be defined as, respectively:
A percentage (indicatively [insert the percentage]% subject to a minimum of [insert the 
percentage]%) to be published by the Issuer on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of 
the publication] ; or
An amount (indicatively [insert the amount in the relevant unit] subject to a minimum of [insert the 
amount in the relevant unit]) to be published by the Fiduciary on http://prospectus.socgen.com on 
[insert the date of the publication].
AnnualObservationNumber means the number of dates used to determine the historical volatility 
of an Underlying or a Basket (e.g. 252 or 260).
AutocallBarrier[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .

--- Page 509 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
509
AutocallBarrierLowerBound refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
AutocallBarrierUpperBound refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
Barrier[_1/2/3/4] 
or 
FinalBarrier 
or 
CouponBarrier 
or 
HighBarrier 
or 
LowBarrier 
or 
SecondHighBarrier or SecondLowBarrier or LowerBound[_1/2] or UpperBound[_1/2] or 
AutocallBarrier[_1/2] or AutocallBarrierUpperBound or AutocallBarrierLowerBound means a barrier 
that, once reached, triggers an adjustment in the Product Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
Bonus[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
CallParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".  
Cap[_1/2/3/4] or FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA 
or CapDigitB or Cap_FRA or Cap_Coupon means the Maximum level or percentage or amount that 
can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to which it is applied; if the component to 
which it is applied is higher than the Cap (resp. FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap or 
CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB), the component will be deemed equal to the Cap 
(resp. FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or 
CapDigitB or Cap_FRA or Cap_Coupon). 
CapCall refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
CapDigit refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
CapDigitA refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
CapDigitB refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
Cap_Coupon refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]"
Cap_FRA refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
ConstantCall or ConstantDigitDown or ConstantDigitUp or ConstantPut means a constant number 
to be added to the Product Amount(s). 
Constant_InitialLevel means an amount, a percentage or a level.
Constant_InitialPerformance means an amount, a percentage or a level.
ConstantDigitDown refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall".
ConstantDigitUp refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall".
ConstantPut refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall".
ConstantRedemptionLevel 
or 
ConstantRedemptionLevel[_1/2/3/4] 
or 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA[_1/2/3/4/5] or ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA[_1/2/3/4] means 
a constant amount, percentage or level.
ConstantRedemptionLevel[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "ConstantRedemptionLevel".
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA[_1/2/3/4] 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ConstantRedemptionLevel"
CouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
Coupon[_1/2/3/4] or Coupon_AERA or Coupon_FRA means the fixed or conditional payment paid 
periodically or upon an Early Automatic Redemption or Final Redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 510 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
510
Coupon_AERA refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]".  
Coupon_FRA refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]".
DetrendFactor means an integer equal to 0 or 1 used to determine the historical volatility or variance 
of an Underlying or a Basket.
Div means an amount, a percentage or a level
DownCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
DownFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
Downside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) below the 
Threshold. This Variable Data can be an amount, a percentage or a level.
Factor[_1/2] shall bear the same meaning as the one ascribed to Participation.
Factor_AdvisoryFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees.
Factor_Fees or Factor_AdvisoryFees or Factor_DistributionFees or Factor_StructuringFees means 
a percentage or a rate deducted from the value of the Product.
Factor_DistributionFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees.
Factor_StructuringFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees.
FixedRate means an amount, a percentage or a level
FinalBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
FinalCap[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
FinalParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]"
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
FloorCall refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
FloorDigit refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
FloorDigitA refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
FloorDigitB refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
Floor[_1/2/3/4] or FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus[_1/2/3/4] or UpFloor or DownFloor or 
LowBonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FRA or 
Floor_Coupon means the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the 
component of a Product Formula to which it is applied; if the component to which it is applied is 
lower than the Floor (resp. FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus 
or HighBonus or FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB), the component will be deemed 
equal to the Floor (resp. FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus 
or HighBonus or FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FRA or 
Floor_Coupon). 
Floor_Coupon refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".

--- Page 511 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
511
Floor_FRA refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
GlobalCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
GlobalFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
HighBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
HighBonus refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] means the performance that, once reached, triggers [a European] 
[an American] [a Range] Knock-In Event.
Lag means a number of dates.
Leverage refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".  
LeverageFactor refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".
LeveragePercentage refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".  
LockInBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
LockNumber means the number of events used to determine the Product Amount(s).
LowBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
LowBonus refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
LowerBound[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
NbCalls or NbPuts or NbDigitsDown or NbDigitUp or ProductNumber or UnitVanillaNumber or 
OptionsNumber means the number of components used to determine the Product Amount(s).
NbDigitsDown refers to what is defined "NbCalls".  
NbDigitUp refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".  
NbPuts refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".  
Number of Days means the number of days to be observed to determine an event. 
OptionsNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".
Participation[_1/2/3/4] 
or 
FinalParticipation 
or 
CallParticipation 
or 
PutParticipation 
or 
LeveragePercentage or Leverage or LeverageFactor or Factor[_1/2] means the multiplicative factor 
applied to one or several component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease 
the exposure to these component(s) of a Product Formula. 
PF means an amount, a percentage or a level
PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice means the strike price of the relevant Underlying to be considered for 
the determination of the number of Deliverable Assets to be delivered upon settlement by way of 
Physical Delivery as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
ProductNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".  
PutParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".

--- Page 512 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
512
SecondHighBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
SecondLowBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
Shift means the level or percentage or amount to be added to the relevant Reference formula to 
which it applies.
Spread means the percentage to be added to the relevant Fixing or reference rate.
[In case of Non-exempt Offer only: A percentage (indicatively [Insert the percentage]% subject to a 
minimum 
of 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]%) 
to 
be 
published 
by 
the 
Fiduciary 
on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication].]
Strike[_1/2/3/4] or FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] or StrikeCall or StrikePut or StrikeDigit or StrikeDigitA or 
StrikeDigitB or StrikeDigitDown or StrikeDigitUp means the amount or level or performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s) that is (are) used to determine the reference purchase or selling price 
(resp. level performance) of the Underlying(s). 
StrikeCall refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
StrikeDigit refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
StrikeDigitA refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
StrikeDigitB refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
StrikeDigitDown refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
StrikeDigitUp refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
StrikePut refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]".
SumCoupons_t1 means a constant amount.
TargetAmount means an amount used to determine the occurrence of a Target Knock-In Event.
Threshold means the threshold under or above which the participation to the level or performance 
of the Underlying(s) is adjusted. 
UnitVanillaNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".  
UpCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .
UpFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
UpperBound[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .
Upside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) above the 
Threshold. 
W(i,k) or RW(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and Underlying(k), the weight (usually 
expressed in percentage) associated to the Underlying(k) comprised in the relevant Basket (for the 
avoidance of doubt, W(i,k) may be negative).
Weight [_1/2/…N] or WeightCall or WeightDigit or WeightDigitA or WeightDigitB or 
WeightDigitDown or WeightDigitUp or WeightPut means the weight, usually expressed in 
percentage, associated to the components used to determine the Product Amount(s).

--- Page 513 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
513
WeightCall refers to what is defined for "Weight".
WeightDigit refers to what is defined for "Weight".
WeightDigitA refers to what is defined for "Weight".
WeightDigitB refers to what is defined for "Weight".
WeightDigitDown refers to what is defined for "Weight".
WeightDigitUp refers to what is defined for "Weight".
WeightPut refers to what is defined for "Weight".
Weight_Coupon refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
6.
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MATHEMATICAL OPERATORS AND SYMBOLS
+
means that the item preceding this sign is added to the 
item following this sign.
-
means that the item following this sign is deducted from 
the item preceding this sign.
/
means that the item preceding this sign is divided by the 
item following this sign.
x or *
means that the item preceding this sign will be multiplied 
by the item following this sign.
>
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, strictly higher than an item 
Y following this sign 
(E.g.: "If X>Y then,…" means that X must be strictly 
higher than Y for such condition to be met).
<
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, strictly lower than an item 
Y following this sign 
(E.g.: "If X<Y then,…" means that X must be strictly 
lower than Y for such condition to be met).
 or >=
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, equal to or higher than an 
item Y following this sign 
(E.g.: "If X ≥ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to 
or higher than Y for such condition to be met). 
 or <=
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, equal to or lower than an 
item Y following this sign 
(E.g.: "If X ≤ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to 
or lower than Y for the condition to be met).
i from X to Y
means that within the countable list of the designated 
item to which i applies (as defined above), only the

--- Page 514 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
514
items with a rank between X and Y both included (X and 
Y are integer numbers) are considered. 
For ease of reading, those letters can be replaced by n, 
t, x, y or z, being clarified that this list is not exhaustive.
i from X to Y and ≠ i0 by extension the item ranked i0 is 
excluded from the above list.
Min(X;Y)
means that the considered level is the lowest level 
between the levels of the two numbers X and Y.
Min or min or MIN or Minimum
means, for the item to which it applies, the lowest level 
that the item will take
E.g. Min(n from 1 to 10) ReferenceFormulae(n) means 
the lowest level among the 10 levels that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) takes
Max(X;Y)
means that the considered level is the highest level 
between the levels of the two numbers X and Y.
Max or max or MAX or Maximum
means, for the item to which it applies, the highest level 
that the item will take
E.g. Max(n from 1 to 10) ReferenceFormulae(n) means 
the highest level among the 10 levels that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) takes
𝑿
∑
𝒏= 𝟏
𝑜𝑟 𝐒𝐮𝐦 (𝐧 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝟏 𝐭𝐨 𝐗) or 𝐒𝐮𝐦
means, for the item to which it applies, the sum of the X 
levels that the item will take.
Sum of a and b means a + b.
E.g.: 

10
1
n
ReferenceFormulae(n) means the Sum of 
the 10 levels that ReferenceFormulae(n) takes when n 
varies from 1 to 10.
𝟏
𝐗×
𝑿
∑
𝒏= 𝟏
𝒐𝒓 𝐀𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐞(𝐧 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝟏 𝐭𝐨 𝐗)𝐨𝐫
𝐀𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐦𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐀𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐞
E.g.: 



10
1
n
10
1
 ReferenceFormulae(n) means the 
Arithmetic Average of the 10 levels that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) takes.
│X│ or Abs (X) or Absolute Value 
of X
means the maximum between X and -X. 
Xn or X^n
means that the level to be considered is the result of X 
multiplied by itself "n-1" times 
(E.g.: 25 means 2*2*2*2*2 (i.e. 2 multiplied by itself 4 
times) = 32).
a power b or POW(a,b) or a^b
means the exponential function of b with base a.
EXP(x) or Exp(x) or 𝒆𝒙
means the exponential function of x with base e.
√X or the square root of X
means that the level to be considered is the number 
which when multiplied by itself gives X

--- Page 515 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae
515
(E.g.: √9 = 3 since 3*3 = 9.)


x
n 1
or Product
means, for the item to which it applies, the product of 
the x levels that the item will take.
Product of a and b means a x b.
E.g.: 


3
1
)
1
(
n
n
 means (1+1)(2+1)(3+1) = 2 × 3 × 4 = 24
LN(x) = Ln(x) = ln(x)
means logarithm to the base e of x, for example LN(2) = 
0.69315.
INT(x)
means the function which gives the integer part of the 
number x (rounded down to the closest integer number). 
E.g.: INT(2.3) = 2, INT(1.6) = 1, INT(-1.4) = -2, INT(-4.6) 
= -5.
IND(condition)
means the characteristic function of the condition which 
is equal to 1 if the condition is satisfied and which is 
equal to 0 if the condition is not satisfied.
E.g.:
S(0): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation 
Date(0)
S(1): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation 
Date(1)
if S(0) > S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 1
if S(0) = S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0
if S(0) < S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0
Ratio
Ratio between a and b means a / b
Difference
Difference between a and b means a – b
Sign(a)
means 1 if a ≥ 0 and (-1) if a < 0

--- Page 516 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
516
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED NOTES
The following Additional Terms and Conditions relating to a particular Type of Structured Notes (the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes) shall form part of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and shall apply to any Type of Structured Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms which may 
be Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, SGI Index Linked Notes, Depositary Receipt Linked Notes, ETF 
Linked Notes, ETP Linked Notes, Reference Rate Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Non Equity 
Security Linked Notes, Future Linked Notes, Portfolio Linked Notes or Preference Share Linked Notes or 
Warrant Linked Notes, or a combination of these types of Notes (the Structured Notes).
In addition to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes, the Structured Notes may also be 
subject to the additional terms and conditions relating to Underlyings and which are the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes,  the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked Notes,  the Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes,  the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes, the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Non 
Equity Security Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes, the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share 
Linked Notes and the Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes (the "Underlying related 
ATCs"). These Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes, the Underlying related ATCs, the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, are together referred to as the Additional Terms and 
Conditions.
In the case of any conflict between the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes and the Underlying related ATCs mentioned above, the provisions of the Underlying related ATCs shall 
prevail. 
The payment of any amount in respect of a Type of Structured Notes subject to these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes may be determined or calculated by reference to one or more than one 
Product Formula (such Product Formula as described in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae), based on or referring to one or more than one Underlying or referring to one or more than one 
credit event or bond event if a Reference of the Product (such Reference of the Product as described in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) is specified for this Type of Structured Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Some of the provisions in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes may not apply (or may 
not apply to the same extent) in respect of Certificates and/or Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market or a multilateral trading facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. as 
specified below.
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes:
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the same meaning as  in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae.
Underlying shall, if so specified in the clause "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, have the 
same meaning as in the General Terms and Conditions.
2.
ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT
This Condition applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that "EU Benchmarks Regulation - 
Benchmark" is applicable.

--- Page 517 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
517
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Benchmark 
Event affecting an Underlying (the Affected Underlying) on or after the Issue Date the Calculation 
Agent may:
(A)
adjust the Affected Underlying as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant 
event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may include selecting a 
successor Underlying which is representative of the same economic or geographic sector, 
and making any other change or adjustment to the terms of the Structured Notes including 
where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Fiduciary providing such exposure to 
the successor Underlying and, in the case of more than one successor Underlying, making 
provision for allocation of exposure between the successor Underlyings; or
(B)
If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment in accordance with A above, then the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may either:
(i)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate 
its obligations under the Structured Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early 
Redemption Amount based on the Market Value as defined in General Condition 
6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions1; or
(ii)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of 
the General Terms and Conditions)
Where:
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, for a Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either the 
Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under 
the Notes. .
Benchmark means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in EU BMR and where any amount 
payable or deliverable under the Structured Notes, or the value of the Structured Notes, is determined 
by reference in whole or in part to such figure, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
Benchmark  Event means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following has occurred or will 
occur:
(i)
a Benchmark Cessation; 
(ii)
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or
(iii)
a Benchmark which is a Reference Rate as defined in General Condition 3 of the General 
Terms and Conditions is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may 
be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a 
specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near 
risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the recommendations in the Financial 
Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 
2014.
EU BMR means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011).
1 
Subparagraph A shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).

--- Page 518 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
518
Benchmark Cessation means, for a Benchmark, any of the following has occurred or will occur:
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of such Benchmark announcing that (a) the regulatory supervisor has 
determined that such Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer 
be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made 
in the awareness that the statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for 
fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever 
described) in contracts; or
(iv)
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Benchmark) in relation to which a Priority 
Fallback (as defined in General Condition 3 of the General Terms and Conditions) is 
specified. 
 
If, for a Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Benchmark Cessation or (ii) a Benchmark 
Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, 
it will in either case constitute a Benchmark Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
Notes.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an 
event or occurrence the subject of a Benchmark Event, the Fiduciary shall determine which terms 
shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion.
3.
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT 
EVENT, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES 
The following Conditions will not apply to Structured Notes that are Commodity Linked Notes, Fund 
Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, ETP Linked Notes or Portfolio Linked Notes but shall apply to any 
other Structured Notes.The occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of any of the following events relating to an Underlying (the Affected Underlying) and/or Reference 
Entity(ies) (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)) on or after the Issue Date shall constitute an 
Extraordinary Event:
3.1
Change in Law means in respect of Structured Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or 
Reference Entity(ies), that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date, (b) the trade date of any 
Hedge Position, and (c) the first Valuation Date of the Structured Notes (if applicable) (i) due to the 
adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any law 
or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements and, with respect to SGI Index Linked 
Notes only, any regulation, rule or procedure of any Exchange on which any Index Component or 
any component thereof is traded) (the Applicable Law and Regulation) or (ii) due to the

--- Page 519 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
519
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), the Calculation Agent determines in good 
faith that (i) in respect of Underlyings or Reference Entities negotiated or located in AEJ Closed 
Markets, it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, within the next 30 calendar days, but 
before the Maturity Date of the Structured Note, become, or it has become illegal and (ii) in respect 
of any other Underlying, it has become illegal, for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to maintain 
the agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the issuer of the Notes 
relating to the Underlying of the Structured Notes and/or Reference Entity(ies).
Where:
AEJ Closed Markets means People’s Republic of China, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, 
Pakistan, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam
3.2
Hedging Disruption means, unless it being specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of Structured Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference 
Entity(ies), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind and/or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant 
price risk including, without limitation, the bond price risk, credit price risk, currency risk, equity price 
risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, warrant price risk) of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Structured Notes or any agreement entered into by the 
Fiduciary with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Notes; or (b) freely 
realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Positions or any 
agreement entered into by the Fiduciary with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the 
Structured Notes (either between accounts within the jurisdiction of the Hedge Positions (the 
Affected Jurisdiction) or, as the case may be, from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction to 
accounts situated outside of the Affected Jurisdiction). 
3.3
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless it being specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of Structured Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference 
Entity(ies), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Structured Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or 
any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, the bond price risk, credit price risk, currency 
risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, warrant price risk) of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Structured Notes or any agreement 
entered into by the Fiduciary with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured 
Notes or (b) freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge 
Positions or any agreement entered into by the Fiduciary with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
in relation to the Structured Notes. 
3.4
Holding Limit Event means, except in the case of Repack Notes, assuming the Hypothetical 
Investor is Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, that Societe Generale together with its 
affiliates, in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted Underlying or Underlying component, 
as the case may be, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the 
power to vote a percentage of any class of voting securities of the Underlying, or the Underlying 
component or, of the issuer of such Underlying or such Underlying component, in excess of a 
percentage permitted or advisable, as determined by Societe Generale, for the purpose of its 
compliance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended by Section 619 of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Volcker Rule), including any requests, 
regulations, rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental authority under, or 
issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection with, such statutes.
3.5
In respect of any Underlying that is a Share, a Depositary Receipt, a Preference Share or a Warrant, 
Insolvency Filing means, in respect of Structured Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) that 
the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation

--- Page 520 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
520
or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Company shall 
not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.
In the case of occurrence of an Extraordinary Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent may:
(A)
replace the Affected Underlying by a new Underlying or the Affected Reference Entity by a 
new reference entity, as the case may be, which is representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector; or
(B)
in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only, deduct:
(1)
from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under any Structured Note on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the 
amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates, in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligation of the 
Fiduciary under the Structured Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst 
the outstanding Structured Notes (the Reduction Amount); provided however that if 
on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from 
the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Structured Note is higher 
than such Interest Amount due under one Structured Note (prior to the deduction of 
the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be 
reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest 
Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the 
Interest Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if 
any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part after the 
occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Structured Notes, the 
remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount 
(if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first (the result of 
such deduction being floored at zero); or   
(2)
in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Structured Notes, (a) from the 
Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) 
or the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Structured Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or 
the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, and 
(b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount and Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Structured Notes, from the 
Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after 
the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of 
such deduction being floored at zero)2; or  
(3)
in the case of Structured Notes that are Physical Delivery Notes, any Physical Delivery 
Amount which is calculated in connection with the Structured Notes shall be reduced 
by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero).
If the Calculation Agent has not made a replacement in accordance with (A) above (or a deduction 
in accordance with (B) above in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only), then the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, may either:
(A)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Structured Notes 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its 
obligations under the Structured Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early 
2 
Sub-paragraph D. shall not apply in respect of Italian Certificates to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.).

--- Page 521 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
521
Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes3; or 
(B)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions); 
4.
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE LINKED NOTES, DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED 
NOTES, SGI INDEX LINKED NOTES AND INDEX LINKED NOTES
For the purposes of this paragraph of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
and for the purposes of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the following Conditions, the term "Underlying" shall be construed as 
referring to a Share and/or a Depositary Receipt and/or a SGI Index and/or an Index (each as defined 
in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions).
4.1
DEFINITIONS
Applicable Hedge Positions means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at 
any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical 
Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the 
Structured Notes at that time.
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2 below). 
Basket means a basket composed of the Underlying (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions 
or numbers of Underlying specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Company means, in respect of an Underlying that is a Share or a Depositary Receipt the issuer of 
such Share or Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant 
entity (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) in which an equivalent proprietary unit is 
held.
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in 
respect of any Underlying comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which 
(a)
a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or 
(b)
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c)
in the case of an Underlying being a SGI Index, a SGI Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
or
(d)
in the case of an Underlying being an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing 
Price of the Index; or
(e)
in respect of a Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the China Connect 
Service fails to open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session.
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted 
Day will be deemed to have occurred if it has occurred with respect to the Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt. 
3 
Subparagraph A shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).

--- Page 522 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
522
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying the corresponding exchange or quotation system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
In respect of Deposited Securities underlying an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, Exchange 
means the primary exchange or market of trading of such Deposited Securities.
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of 
Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying comprised in the Basket and observed separately) any 
Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and (ii) (cumulative) (a) where the 
Underlying is an Index, on which the Index Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index, or (b) 
in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, that is a China Connect Business 
Day.
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the jurisdiction in which the relevant 
Exchange is located.
Local Taxes means, in respect of an Underlying, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, 
including interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would 
be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any 
Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income 
of the Hypothetical Investor.
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Underlying, the occurrence or existence of (A) a 
Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time or (C) an Early Closure, or (D) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, 
a China Connect Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at 
any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (E) in respect of 
Shares traded through the China Connect Services, a China Connect Early Closure. For the purpose 
hereof:
(A)
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case 
of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the 
Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange;
(B)
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) the 
Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating 
to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (b) futures 
or options contracts relating to the Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange;
(C)
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant 
Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) any Related Exchange, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day;

--- Page 523 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
523
(D)
China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of 
orders (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) 
through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange or (ii) any event 
(other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect 
of Shares through the China Connect Service;
(E)
China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of 
the China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service 
on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the Exchange at the 
Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day.
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying (and, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, 
the related Deposited Securities) each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts 
relating to such Underlying, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to an Underlying has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating such Underlying on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange).
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organisation of the issuer of any component security.
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Underlying and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange, (or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China 
Connect Service), the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange (or Related Exchange or 
in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), without 
regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.
Scheduled Trading Day means in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of 
Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying comprised in the Basket and observed separately), any 
day (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) (a) where the Underlying is 
an Index, on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the closing price of the Index or (b) 
where the Underlying is a Share traded through the China Connect Services, on which the China 
Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions.
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the Local Jurisdiction or any 
jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer of a component security
Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day).
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however 
that if the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual 
closing time of the Exchange.
4.2
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled 
Valuation Date and the Scheduled Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for an 
Underlying, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Underlying shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Underlying, unless each of the 
eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case:

--- Page 524 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
524
(A)
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date, for the Underlying notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
(B)
the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value or level of the 
Underlying as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith 
estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed the Closing 
Price. In case the Underlying is an Index (or a SGI Index), such determination by the 
Calculation Agent shall be made in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the level of that Index (or, as applicable, SGI Index) last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security or other component comprised in the 
Index (or, as applicable, SGI Index) (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security or other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, 
its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security or other component as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day);
Provided that if the Underlying is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the 
Underlying affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging 
Date for each Underlying not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or 
the Scheduled Averaging Date.
Provided however that,
(a)
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed 
pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) and the Calculation 
Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith 
estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed the Closing 
Price;
(b)
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the 
case may be pursuant to the provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business 
Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Structured Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall 
after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the 
Structured Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above 
at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate 
of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price,  
Further provided however that:
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant clearing 
system through which the Structured Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 525 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
525
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS 
LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts 
Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated 
as being "Share Linked Notes" or "Depositary Receipts Linked Notes". 
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
ADR means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in case of a Basket) 
representing shares issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as 
Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 3.1 below.
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any 
person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or 
indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For 
this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of 
the entity or person.
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect 
Services, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing 
during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time.
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, 
the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and 
HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides order-routing and other related services 
for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, 
settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities.
Closing Price means:
a.
if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last 
traded price of such Share for the day quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if 
there is a closing special quote on such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), 
such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price;
b.
if such Share is traded on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di 
Riferimento, which means the price as published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of 
trading and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the markets organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
from time to time;
c.
if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on the Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price 
dissemination mechanism for the Exchange;
d.
in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the 
relevant Exchange;

--- Page 526 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
526
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below.
Company has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation.
Depositary means, the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from 
time to time in such capacity.
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement between the 
Company that has issued the shares that are Deposited Securities and the Depositary pursuant to 
which a Depositary Receipt was issued.
Depositary Receipt (or the Depositary Receipts in case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts 
(including an ADR and/or a GDR) representing shares or other interest issued by a Company and 
which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms.
Deposited Securities means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the 
Deposit Agreement pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities 
was issued.
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
GDR means a global depositary receipt (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) 
representing shares issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as 
Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 3.1 below.
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
HKSCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong 
Securities Clearing Company Limited.
Hong Kong means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes..
Intraday Price means the price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange at 
any time during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price.
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.

--- Page 527 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
527
Opening Price means the official opening price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant 
Exchange as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below.
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic 
of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong Limited.
Share(s) means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including, without limitation, a common 
unit in a limited partnership), of the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in case of a 
Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 3.1 below.
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
2.
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
3.
ADJUSTMENT EVENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS - CHANGE IN LAW - HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING 
AND CONSEQUENCES - CHINA CONNECT SHARE DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT 
SERVICE TERMINATION AND CONSEQUENCES
3.1
Adjustment Events and extraordinary events
3.1.1
Potential Adjustment Events
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of the 
following:
(A)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse 
stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares or Deposited Securities to 
existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;
(B)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited Securities, 
(b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the

--- Page 528 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
528
proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, (c) share capital, other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or 
other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;
(C)
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent;
(D)
a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully paid;
(E)
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited Securities 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise;
(F)
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or
(G)
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or the Depositary Receipt.
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect: 
(i)
on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to the relevant Share used to 
determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms 
of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes and (b) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment, or 
(ii)
on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, 
provided that an event that has a diluting or concentrative effect on the Deposited Securities 
will affect the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts unless (and to the extent that) the 
Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if any) under the Deposit Agreement, 
elects to adjust the number of the Deposited Securities that are represented by each 
Depositary Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts will not be affected by any 
such event (as determined by the Calculation Agent), in which case the Calculation Agent 
will make no adjustment. If the Company or the Depositary elects not to adjust the number 
of Deposited Securities that are represented by a Depositary Receipt or makes an 
adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines not to have been adequate, then the 
Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the 
Underlying used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or any 
other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold 
or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Depositary may also have 
the ability pursuant to the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of the 
Depositary Receipts for share distributions, rights distributions, cash distributions and 
distributions other than shares, rights and cash. Upon any such adjustment by the 
Depositary, the Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustments as the Calculation 
Agent deems appropriate to account for such event.
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares or on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the

--- Page 529 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
529
Depositary Receipts of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of 
the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account (i) any amounts of Local Taxes that would, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an 
Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment Event and, in respect of Shares 
traded through the China Connect Services only, (ii) any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation 
that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of 
the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event. 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options 
on the Share or on the Deposited Securities traded on such Related Exchange.
Definitions applicable to this Condition:
Offshore Investor means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities who is an institutional investor 
not resident in the country in which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange 
on which the Share (or the Deposited Securities) is (are) listed is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for 
the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the 
jurisdiction of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates.
3.1.2
Extraordinary events and consequences
A.
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last 
Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a 
Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, an Insolvency or a 
Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of Shares by the Company, as 
applicable (an Affected Share) or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an Affected Depositary 
Receipt), then during such Offering Period, the Calculation Agent may decide in good faith 
to apply Method of Substitution with respect to the Affected Share or Affected Depositary 
Receipt as the case may be.
B.
If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering 
Period with respect to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then:
(a)
in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger 
Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), and/or upon consummation of 
the Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case may be), until the sixtieth Business 
Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, shall apply, in relation to 
Share-for-Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-Combined, either:
(x)
Calculation Agent Adjustment and/or 
(y)
Method of Substitution
(b)
in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares or two Depositary Receipts 
comprised in a Basket, the Calculation Agent will either:
(x)
continue with the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger 
Event and in order to maintain the original number of companies in the 
Basket, a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as applicable) 
will be elected and included in the Basket; 
(y)
substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts with two Substitute Shares 
or Substitute Depositary Receipt selected as described in the Method of 
Substitution;
(c)
in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon 
consummation of the De-merger Event, until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, 
the Calculation Agent will either:

--- Page 530 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
530
(x)
replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with the 
shares or depositary receipts of the successor companies; 
(y)
substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such 
De-merger Event pursuant to the Method of Substitution;
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the 
initial number of companies in the Basket and that in the case where the Calculation Agent 
has elected to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with several 
shares or depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger Event, such shares or 
depositary receipts shall be placed in a sub-basket and considered as one component of the 
Basket;
(d)
in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such 
event, until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith, may apply the Method of Substitution;
(e)
in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent will decide, acting in good faith, 
either:
(x)
that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine 
the amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as 
described in the applicable Final Terms, representing the Affected Share or 
the Affected Depositary Receipt will be accounted by the Calculation Agent 
for its fair market value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence 
of such Insolvency until the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date. 
The determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the liquidity of 
the market and the trading conditions relating to the Share or the Depositary 
Receipt affected at the time of calculation;
(y)
that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be substituted 
pursuant to the Method of Substitution;
(f)
In each case as developed in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, if the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith, has not retained as the case may be, (x) or if in (y) no share or 
depositary receipt meets the criteria as set out in the Method of Substitution, then 
the Calculation Agent may either:
(i)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 
6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(ii)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. 
In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and 
pay to each Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of any of 
the events described in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, an Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
C.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its 
reasonable endeavours at all times to maintain the original number of companies in the 
Basket as Companies hereunder.
Definitions applicable to this Condition:
Calculation Agent Adjustment means in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case 
may be), the Calculation Agent shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date 
as the case may be), (A) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Note as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect 
on the Note of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan

--- Page 531 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
531
rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the Depositary Receipt or to the Note), which may, but need 
not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event (or such 
Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or 
Depositary Receipts traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment.
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration.
De-listing Event means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or 
Depositary Receipt (or Deposit Security related to such Depositary Receipt) : (a) ceases to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange 
(for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the 
European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate 
conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a 
lack of liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant 
Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposit Security related to such Depositary Receipt)).
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant 
to such Share or Depositary Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin 
off, scission or any operation of a similar nature.
De-merger Date means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective.
Early Redemption means that there will be an early redemption of the Notes on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Fixing Period means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which shall 
expire no later than 90 Business Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender 
Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency during which:
A.
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares or the Affected or 
Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration, (as the case may be), 
on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of the relevant assets traded by 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Notes, as observed during 
such Fixing Period; and
B.
the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary 
Receipt and/or New Shares accordingly during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the 
weighted average of the closing prices of such Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary 
Receipt and/or New Shares traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards 
to the relevant Notes, as observed during such Fixing Period.
Insolvency means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as 
determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent.
Merger Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date upon which holders of 
the necessary number of the relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case of a 
takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities owned or controlled by the offeror) to constitute a 
Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shares or Deposited 
Securities.
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt:
A.
any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Security (including the change of 
currency reference of the Share or the Deposited Security) that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share or Deposited Security outstanding to 
another entity or person;

--- Page 532 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
532
B.
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in 
which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities);
C.
other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
or Deposited Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all or part of such Shares or Deposited Securities (other than any of such Shares or 
Deposited Securities owned or controlled by the offeror); or
D.
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the 
outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results in the outstanding Shares or 
Deposited Securities (other than Shares or Deposited Securities owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities immediately following such event.
Method of Substitution means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, 
De-listing Event, Nationalisation or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in 
respect of an Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may consider 
that the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the 
Other Consideration (as the case may be) is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds will be 
reinvested either (a) into a new share or a new depositary receipt of the same economic sector or 
into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a similar international standing or 
creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
(the Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) or (b) in the case 
of Combined Consideration into New Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in 
cash, in the future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the cash to be received in the future is 
discounted in order to immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (a) and 
(b) above.
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other 
Consideration shall be deemed to take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the 
Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be, and the company issuing such Substituted Share 
or, in the case of a Depositary Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities, will be deemed 
a Share or a Depositary Receipt and the Company respectively, and the Calculation Agent will 
adjust any relevant terms of the Notes.
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a 
Depositary Receipt is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary 
Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid 
as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean the closing price 
of such Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" 
is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t".
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the 
assets of a Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof.
New Shares means shares or depositary receipts (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are 
listed or quoted on a recognised exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or 
Calculation Agent Adjustment as determined by the Calculation Agent.
Offering Period means the period from and including the date on which the Tender Offer, the Merger 
Event, the De-listing Event, the De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly 
and officially announced to but excluding the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer 
Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation.

--- Page 533 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
533
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether 
of the offeror or a third party).
Share-for-Combined means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration 
for the relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration.
Share-for-Other means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration.
Share-for-Share means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the 
relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or 
Depositary Receipts, may consist) solely of New Shares.
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity 
or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the 
Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant.
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date on which voting 
shares in the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise 
obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent).
3.1.3
Stop-Loss Event 
Unless "Stop-Loss Event" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if on any 
Exchange Business Day between the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last Valuation Date 
(included), the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is affected by a decrease of 80 per 
cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then
A.
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary 
Receipt by a new share or depositary receipt issued by a company of a similar international 
standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt (the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case 
may be) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or
B.
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt; or
C.
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary 
Receipt nor decided to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, 
the Calculation Agent may either:
(a)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(b)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that 
case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a 
Depositary Receipt is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary 
Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid 
as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t"

--- Page 534 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes
534
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean that the closing 
price of such Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the 
date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the 
Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t".
3.1.4
Correction of the Closing Price
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange 
and which is used for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by the Exchange after the 
original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment 
date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount 
that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the 
Notes to account for such correction, 
provided however that:
-
all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing 
system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
3.2
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and 
Insolvency Filing and consequences - China Connect Share Disqualification, China Connect 
Service Termination and consequences
3.2.1
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and 
Insolvency Filing and consequences
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and 
Insolvency Filing have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased 
Cost of Hedging or an Insolvency Filing relating to a Share or a Depositary Receipt (the Affected 
Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Notes.
3.2.2
China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and 
consequences
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply:
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be 
accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the 
purpose of the China Connect Service;
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one 
or more of the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any 
reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood 
that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary, 
then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, while China Connect 
Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the 
transaction(s), upon at least two Scheduled Trading Days' notice specifying the date of such 
termination, in which event the Calculation Agent will apply the Early Redemption.

--- Page 535 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes
535
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Index Linked Notes".
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
Closing Price means in respect of an Index, the official closing level of the Index published and 
announced by the Index Sponsor, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
3 below, provided that if (a) for any day, the option "Daily Settlement Price" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) that day falls on the last day of quotation of the 
principal futures contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, then the Closing Price 
means, for that day, the official settlement price of the principal futures contract on the Index on such 
day.
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF.
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including 
any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of 
discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment 
adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, 
prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent.
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related 
Fund, the relevant Fund Service Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as 
the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as 
required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB 
Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date of the Notes) capital 
requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading Book as implemented into French 
law, in holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be.
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a 
processable format to enable Societe Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the 
case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of 
the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information

--- Page 536 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes
536
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application 
commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above.
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues 
Fund Units (excluding ETF).
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role 
of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another non-discretionary 
investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent.
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.Index means the index (or the indices in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below.
Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if 
different from the Index Sponsor.
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index and/or (b) announces (directly or 
through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis.
Intraday Price means, in respect of an Index, the level of such Index on the relevant Exchange at 
any time during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day including the Closing Price.
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Opening Price means: 
(i)
in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction 
Prices (as defined under the Rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, provided that such day is a trading day on the Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the Index, having the meaning ascribed thereto 
in the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules 
must be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, and calculated following the 
rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be 
amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time;
(ii)
in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and 
announced by the Index Sponsor, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 3 below.
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason 
whatsoever, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in 
accordance with the formula for, and method of, calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the event that prevents the determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking 
into account any other objective element that may be available.

--- Page 537 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes
537
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
2.
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
3.
ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS - CHANGE IN LAW - HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT 
EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES  MONETISATION UNTIL THE 
MATURITY DATE 
3.1
Adjustments and Events 
3.1.1
Adjustments
A.
If an Index is:
(a)
not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index 
Calculation Agent as the case may be, but is calculated and announced by a relevant 
successor sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) or a successor calculation 
agent (the Successor Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; or
(b)
replaced by a successor index (the Successor Index) using, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, and method 
of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index;
then the Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the relevant 
Successor Index Sponsor or Successor Index Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as 
the case may be).
B.
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent:
(a)
on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or 
if applicable the Successor Index Sponsor) makes a material change in the formula 
for, or the method of calculating, that Index or in any other way materially modifies 
that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain 
that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and 
other routine events (an "Index Modification"). For the avoidance of doubt the 
following events do not constitute "routine events": a sub-division (split) of the level

--- Page 538 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes
538
of the Index or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any other 
event linked to either the performance or the level of the Index);
(b)
on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or, 
if applicable, the relevant Successor Index Sponsor) or the Index Calculation Agent 
(or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case may be, fails to calculate 
and publish the level of the Index and such failure is likely to have a material impact 
on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in connection with the Notes 
(an "Index Disruption");  
(c)
the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) permanently 
cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation" and 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Disruption, each an Index 
Adjustment Event); or
(d) 
for an Index which comprises any Fund Unit or ETF Share, an FRTB Event has 
occurred;
then the Calculation Agent shall either:
(x)
calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a 
condition has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms using, in 
lieu of a published level for the Index, the level of that Index as at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in 
effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those securities that 
comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than 
those securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); or
(y)
replace the Index by a new index provided that such index is (a) representative of 
the same economic or geographic sector (as the case may be), and (b) to the extent 
possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more 
OECD countries; or
(z)  
only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the Index with a Substitute Index (an Index 
Substitution Event), where Substitute Index means an Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the affected Index or, in the 
absence of benchmark for the affected Index as having an investment strategy 
similar to the investment strategy of the affected Index. 
If the Calculation Agent has not retained (x) or (z) and if in (y) no index meeting the criteria 
(a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may either:
(i)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(ii)
consider such events as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that 
case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of any of the events described 
in B.(a), B.(b), B.(c) or (B).(d) above, an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
3.1.2
Stop-Loss Event
Unless "Stop-Loss Event" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if on an 
Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date 
(included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its

--- Page 539 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes
539
Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), 
then:
A.
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new index 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as the case may be), and to the 
extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more 
OECD countries (the Substitute Index) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes 
accordingly; or
B.
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Index; or
C.
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to continue 
with the Affected Index, the Calculation Agent may either:
(a)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(b)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that 
case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
3.1.3
Correction of the Closing Price
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and which is 
used for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published and made available to the public by the Exchange or the Index Sponsor after 
the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment 
date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount 
that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the 
Notes to account for such correction, 
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing 
system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
3.2
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging and 
consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have 
the meaning given to them in the Additional terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased Cost of 
Hedging relating to an Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments 
as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 540 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
540
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes apply if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the "Type of Structured Notes" is "SGI Index Linked Notes". 
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Advised SGI Index means an SGI Index for which the Index Rules indicate an Index Advisor, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an SGI Index, each date so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below.
Barrier Date means a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier 
Level is reached or any other condition has occurred by reference to the level of an SGI Index which 
Index Rules specify that  the only Basket Component "type" is "Physical Commodity" and/or 
"Commodity Contract", and which includes (1) each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) 
or (2) each date where an American Knock-In Event can occur, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If a date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as both a Barrier Date and a Valuation 
Date, it will be considered as a Valuation Date. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, if a Barrier Date falls on a date which is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of all SGI 
Indices which Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component "type" is "Physical Commodity" 
and/or "Commodity Contract" , it shall be postponed to the next following day which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day with respect to all such SGI Indices.
Barrier Level means (i) the level, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or where 
none is so specified (ii) the "Knock-In Threshold" if any, designated in the applicable Final Terms, or 
where no such level or threshold is designated (iii) the level at which an American Knock-In Event is 
deemed to have occurred in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
Basket Component means, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Index Rules, any Index 
Component other than an Underlying SGI Index and Market Data.
Closing Price means the official closing level of the SGI Index published by the Index Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Valuation Date, subject to the Index Rules.
Commodity Instrument means (i) an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, barley, 
canola, coal, cocoa, coffee, copper, corn, cotton, crude oil, diesel fuel, electricity, emissions 
allowances, fuel oil, gas oil, gasoline, gold, heating oil, iron, jet fuel, lead, livestock, lumber, milk, 
natural gas, nickel, oats, orange juice, palladium, palm oil, platinum, rapeseed, rice, rubber, silver, 
soybeans, steel, sugar, tin, wheat, and zinc, and more generally any commodity (the Physical 
Commodity), (ii) a future, an option, or any other contract traded on a regulated or organised market 
with a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying (a Commodity Contract), (iii) a Fund Unit or 
an ETF Share with a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying, or (iv) an Underlying Index on 
the aforementioned, or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules.
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Instrument, any 
event that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the determination 
of the price or level of such Commodity Instrument for a Valuation Date, and includes, without 
limitation: 
A.
the failure by the relevant Exchange or price source to make public the relevant price for a 
Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price 
source;

--- Page 541 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
541
B.
the material suspension of trading or the material limitation imposed on trading (whether by 
reason of movements in price reaching the limits established by the relevant Exchange within 
which the price of the relevant futures contract may fluctuate or otherwise) in the relevant 
Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange;
C.
the non-opening of trading in a relevant Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange on 
a day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading provided that all trading 
in the Commodity Instrument is closed for the entire regular trading session on such 
Exchange on such day; or
D.
with respect to a Commodity Instrument which is an Underlying Index, the failure by the 
relevant index sponsor or, as the case may be, index calculation agent to determine or make 
public the closing level of that Underlying Index.
The occurrence or existence of any such event on a Barrier Date (which is not also a Valuation Date) 
will not constitute a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event with respect to such Barrier Date. 
Accordingly, such Barrier Date will not be postponed pursuant to Condition 2 below.
Debt Instrument means (i) a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including an Euro Medium 
Term Note), and more generally any other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, or (ii) 
any Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar instrument specified in the Index 
Rules.
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the 
non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument, (b) the 
suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated 
market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (c) any event that disrupts or impairs the 
ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with clearing obligations in 
respect of, or obtain market values for, the Debt Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or 
regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (d) the unforeseen early closure 
of the organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (e) events 
equivalent to (c) and (d) but affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options contracts 
or other derivatives relating to such Debt Instrument, or (f) if the Debt Instrument is an Underlying 
Index, the non publication of such Underlying Index, the announcement of a disruption event by the 
index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the foregoing events 
(a) through (e) affecting such Underlying Index and/or in respect of one or more components of such 
Underlying Index.
Derivatives and Other Instrument means (i) a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, a future, an 
option, an OTC Option or any other contract traded on a regulated or organised market which is not 
a Commodity Instrument, or (ii) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules.
Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: (a) the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives and 
Other Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, 
organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, 
(c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, comply with clearing obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Derivatives and 
Other Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant 
Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (d) the unforeseen early closure of the organised or 
regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (e) events 
equivalent to (c) and (d) but affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options, contracts 
or other derivatives relating to such Derivatives and Other Instrument, or (f) if the Derivatives and 
Other Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such 
Underlying Index, or any of the foregoing events (a) through (e) affecting such index and/or in respect 
of one or more components of such Underlying Index.
Disrupted Day has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 542 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
542
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share, a Fund Unit or an ETF Share, which, in each case, is not a 
Commodity Instrument or (ii) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules.
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means: 
in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or 
existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, (c) an Early Closure occurring at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (d) in the case of an Underlying Index, any of 
the foregoing events and/or in respect of one or more of its components, the non-publication of such 
Underlying Index or the announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or index calculation 
agent thereof. For the purpose hereof:
A.
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise relating to (a) Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or securities 
or instruments underlying any Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s), or (b) futures 
or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one 
or more Underlying Indices or any components underlying any Underlying Index;
B.
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) Shares, ETF Shares, one or more 
Underlying Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying Index on the 
relevant Exchange(s) or (b) futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, 
relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any component(s) 
underlying any Underlying Index; and
C.
Early Closure means: the closure on any Scheduled Trading Day of:
(a)
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying 
Indices or any securities or instruments underlying any Underlying Index; or
(b)
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to Shares, ETF 
Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any component(s) underlying any 
Underlying Index, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Scheduled Trading Day and (y) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day; and
in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds or 
any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of (a) Calculation and/or Publication Disruption, (b) Fund 
Settlement Disruption, (c) NAV Determination Disruption Event or (d) in the case of an Underlying 
Index, any of the foregoing events in respect of one or more of its components, the non-publication 
of such Underlying Index or the announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or index 
calculation agent thereof. For the purpose hereof:
A.
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Investor (including any gate, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse subscription and/or 
redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset

--- Page 543 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
543
value per Fund Unit by the Fund (or by the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
calculating such official net asset value);
B.
Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of 
the redemption proceeds on the date by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such 
amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund 
(and, as applicable, the level of the Underlying Index), including without limitation due to (a) 
the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure 
pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units 
(side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will 
accept in relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a 
gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption 
orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a 
date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund’s 
statutory auditors (holdback), in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund 
without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes or are 
already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes and are wholly 
implemented by the Fund after such date; and
C.
NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Investor) other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption" in paragraph A above or "Fund Settlement Disruption" in paragraph 
B above affecting such Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it 
impossible or impracticable for the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value 
of such Fund (and, as applicable, the level of the Underlying Index).
ETF means a fund that issues ETF Shares traded on an Exchange.
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including 
any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of 
discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment 
adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, 
prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent.
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF.
Exchange means the principal exchange, trading market or quotation system on which, in the  
determination of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Index Components (including, as applicable, any 
securities, indices or other instruments underlying such Index Components) are traded, or any 
successor or substitute exchange, trading market or quotation system.  
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an SGI Index (or, in the case of a Basket of SGI 
Indices, each SGI Index observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Index 
Calculation Agent publishes the Closing Price.
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related 
Fund, the relevant Fund Service Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as 
the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as 
required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB 
Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date of the Notes) capital 
requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading Book as implemented into French 
law, in holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be.

--- Page 544 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
544
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a 
processable format to enable Societe Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the 
case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of 
the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information 
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application 
commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above.
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues 
Fund Units (excluding ETF).
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund (including any Fund which is a component of an 
Underlying Index), the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund.
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role 
of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another non-discretionary 
investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent.
Fund Unit or Unit means, in respect of any Fund, any share or unit of such Fund.
Hedge Position has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such 
Hedge Positions (including the relevant Index Components) taken for the purpose of hedging 
products linked to the performance of the SGI Index (which for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates).
Index Advisor means the index advisor, if any, referred to in the Index Rules, who, subject to such 
Index Rules, may advise in respect of parameters, composition, modifications, and/or rebalancing of 
the relevant SGI Index.
Index Advisor Extraordinary Event means, in the case of any Advised SGI Index (1) the Index 
Advisor fails to maintain any authorisation, consent, licence, or registration required under any law, 
rule or regulation applicable to it and which is relevant to the performance of its functions with respect 
to the SGI Index, (2) the Index Advisor ceases any of its material operations, transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets or is subject to a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up, (3) the Index Advisor (a) becomes insolvent or bankrupt, (b) enters into an arrangement 
with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or other similar official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or other similar 
relief, or (d) becomes subject to the exercise of powers by a secured creditor, (4) the Index Advisor, 
in the commercially reasonable discretion of the Index Sponsor exercised in good faith, becomes 
unable to perform its functions with respect to the SGI Index, or (5) the agreement between the Index 
Sponsor and the Index Advisor governing the Index Advisor’s obligations and duties in relation to the 
SGI Index is terminated for any reason.
Index Calculation Agent means the index calculation agent named in the relevant Index Rules, in 
charge of calculating and publishing the level of the SGI Index.
Index Component means, for the purpose of the Notes (i) an Equity Instrument, (ii) a Commodity 
Instrument, (iii) a Debt Instrument, (iv) a Derivatives and Other Instrument, (v) Market Data, and/or 
(vi) an Underlying SGI Index, or any combination thereof as specified in the Index Rules. Index 
Component(s) may be modified from time to time as provided in the relevant Index Rules.
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events:

--- Page 545 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
545
A.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Equity Instruments: the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in 
respect of one or more of these Equity Instruments; 
B.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Commodity Instruments: the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption 
Event in respect of one or more of these Commodity Instruments; 
C.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Debt Instruments: the occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect 
of one or more of these Debt Instruments; 
D.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Derivatives and Other Instruments: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other 
Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Derivatives and Other 
Instruments; 
E.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Underlying Indices and:
(a)
if the Underlying Index is an Equity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one 
or more Equity Instruments: the occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event 
in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Equity Instruments; 
(b)
if the Underlying Index is a Commodity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, 
one or more Commodity Instruments: the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument 
Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these 
Commodity Instruments; 
(c)
if the Underlying Index is a Debt Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or 
more Debt Instruments: the occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in 
respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Debt Instruments; 
(d)
if the Underlying Index is a Derivative and other Instrument or comprises, without 
limitation, one or more Derivatives and Other Instrument: the occurrence of a 
Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying 
Index or one or more of these Derivatives and Other Instrument; 
F.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, 
Market Data: the occurrence of a Market Data Disruption Event in respect of such Market 
Data; 
G.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Underlying SGI Indices: the occurrence of an Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event 
in respect of one or more of these Underlying SGI Indices; 
H.
in respect of the SGI Index and/or any of its Index Components, an Index Data Disruption 
Event; and
I.
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one 
or more Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, 
ETF Share or an Underlying Index composed of ETF or any other similar instrument specified 
in the Index Rules: the occurrence of a FRTB Event in respect of one or more of these Equity 
Instruments.
even if the Closing Price of the SGI Index is published by the Index Calculation Agent on the day on 
which such event(s) occur(s).

--- Page 546 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
546
Index Data means any data (other than Market Data) concerning a SGI Index or any Index 
Component reasonably required (i) by the Index Calculation Agent for the calculation of the level of 
the SGI Index and/or (ii) for the monitoring thereof by the Index Sponsor.
Index Data Disruption Event means, with respect to an Index Component, the non- publication of 
the Index Data relating to such Index Component, normally used by the Index Calculation Agent for 
purposes of calculating the SGI Index.
Index Rules means the rules of the relevant SGI Index as amended, supplemented and/or 
superseded from time to time, and as such rules may be supplemented by the SGI Global 
Methodology if so provided thereunder. The Index Rules applicable to the SGI Index used as 
underlying of a Series of Notes, are annexed to the applicable Final Terms of such Series of Notes 
and are also available to any Noteholder of such Notes upon written request to the Index Sponsor.
Index Sponsor means Societe Generale acting through its Societe Generale Index (SGI) business 
unit. 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an SGI Index, the official level of such SGI Index published by 
the Index Calculation Agent at any time during a relevant Valuation Date including the Closing Price. 
Market Data means (i) a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a 
spread, or any other data identified as "Market Data" in the Index Rules or (ii) any index or similar 
instrument relating to the data described in the foregoing item (i) (but excluding in any case an 
Underlying Index or an Underlying SGI Index), and in the case of any similar instrument, it is identified 
as "Market Data" in the Index Rules.
Market Data Disruption Event means with respect to an Index Component that is Market Data, the 
non-publication of the level of any Market Data used by the Index Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of calculating the SGI Index.
Market Disruption Event has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
OTC Option means an over-the-counter (OTC) option such as, but not limited to, an OTC put option, 
an OTC call option, an interest rate cap, an interest rate floor, a receiver swaption or a payer swaption, 
or in respect of any SGI Index, any other instrument designated as an "OTC Option" under its Index 
Rules.
Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system where, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, trading has a material effect on the overall market for futures and options relating 
to the relevant SGI Index or Index Components, or any successor or substitute exchange or quotation 
system.
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an SGI Index, any day on which the Index Calculation 
Agent is scheduled to publish the Closing Price pursuant to the Index Rules.
SGI Global Methodology means: in respect of an SGI Index: (1) the SGI Indices Global Methodology 
(the initial version dated 8 June 2010), (2) the SGI Indices Global Methodology (the updated version 
dated 1 January 2016), (3) the Global Index Methodology (the updated version dated 16 January 
2017), (4) the Global Index Methodology (the updated version dated 25 November 2019) or, as the 
case may be, (5) the Global Index Methodology (the most recent version dated 20 July 2020), each 
of which describes, among other things, certain procedures for the calculation and maintenance of 
such SGI Index as well as important events which might affect it and the Index Components thereof, 
but in any case applicable to an SGI Index only where the Index Rules for such SGI Index expressly 
refer to such methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the term "SGI Global Methodology" may be 
construed to include further versions of such methodology if any is hereafter published and

--- Page 547 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
547
incorporated by reference under the relevant Index Rules. The SGI Global Methodology is available 
on the SGI website at the following address: https://sgi.sgmarkets.com.
SGI Index means the Societe Generale index (or the SGI Indices in case of a Basket) specified as 
Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of 
"Adjustments, Events, Monetisation until the Maturity Date, Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event  relating to SGI Indices" below.
SGI Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any Index Component Event (or similar 
event described in the relevant Index Rules) which has a material effect on the Notes as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.
Share means an ordinary share of a company.
Similar Index means an index whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the SGI Index, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of an index comprise, without 
limitation, its formula for and method of calculation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and the 
geographical or economic sectors reflected in such index.
Type of Return means "Excess Return", "Modified Price Return", "Net Total Return", "Price Return", 
“Gross Total Return", "Total Return – Synthetic Dividend" or "Other Return", as specified in the Index 
Rules where:
Excess Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects:
(i)    the performance differential (whether positive or negative) of its underlying portfolio 
relative to the money market rate, which means namely that in case of a portfolio 
performance in line with the money market rate, the SGI Index performance will be zero; 
or
(ii)    the performance of its underlying portfolio, being a net cash neutral portfolio of 
purchasing and / or selling positions, which means namely that in case of the absence 
of performance from these aggregated positions, the SGI Index performance will be zero 
and the SGI Index will not deliver the money market rate.
Modified Price Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects 
the performance of a variable exposure (which can be higher or lower than 100%) to an index 
where the Type of Return of such index is Price Return.
Gross Total Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the 
performance of its underlying portfolio including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and 
other income before the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and other income.
Net Total Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the 
performance of its underlying portfolio including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and 
other income after the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and other income.
Price Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the 
performance of its underlying portfolio excluding reinvestment of any dividends, interest and 
other income.
Total Return – Synthetic Dividend means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI 
Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio including reinvestment of all 
dividends, interest and other income after the deduction of a fixed or formula-based dividend 
from such dividends, interest and other income.
Other Return means such other return as described in the Index Rules.
Underlying Index means an index constituting a Basket Component included in an SGI Index.
Underlying SGI Index means an SGI Index which is itself an Index Component of another SGI Index.

--- Page 548 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
548
Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event means with respect to an Index Component that is an 
Underlying SGI Index, the non-publication of the level of such Underlying SGI Index, or the 
occurrence of a "disruption event" (howsoever defined in the index rules applicable to such 
Underlying SGI Index) as determined by Societe Generale in its capacity as sponsor or by the index 
calculation agent of such Underlying SGI Index.
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a 
Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to Condition 2 below.
Valuation Time means the time on the relevant Valuation Date at which the Closing Price is 
scheduled to be calculated by the Index Calculation Agent pursuant to the Index Rules. If the 
calculation frequency is specified as "Real Time" in the Index Rules, the Valuation Time shall be any 
time during the regular trading session in Paris (or such other place, if any, specified in the relevant 
Index Rules).
2.
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR AN SGI INDEX
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
3.
ADJUSTMENTS, EVENTS, MONETISATION UNTIL THE MATURITY DATE, CHANGE IN LAW, 
HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENT 
RELATING TO SGI INDICES 
3.1
Adjustments and Events relating to SGI Indices
3.1.1
Adjustments 
A.
If on any Scheduled Trading Day, an SGI Index is:
(a)
not published by the relevant Index Calculation Agent, but is published by a 
successor index calculation agent (the Successor Index Calculation Agent), 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or
(b)
advised by a successor Index Advisor appointed by the Index Sponsor following an 
Index Advisor Extraordinary Event (in the case of an Advised SGI Index); or
(c)
replaced by a Similar Index;
then (as the case may be) that index published by the Successor Index Calculation Agent or 
advised by the successor Index Advisor or such Similar Index will be deemed to be the SGI 
Index so calculated and announced.
B.
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
(a)
on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the relevant Index 
Sponsor and/or Index Calculation Agent announce(s) that it/they will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating that SGI Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that SGI Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain that SGI Index and/or any modification reasonably 
incidental to such maintenance, in the event of changes in Index Components and 
other routine events) (an Index Modification); or 
(b)
on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the Index Sponsor 
permanently cancels the SGI Index and no Similar Index exists or the agreement 
between the Index Calculation Agent and the Index Sponsor is terminated and such 
Index Calculation Agent cannot practicably be replaced (an Index Cancellation); or

--- Page 549 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
549
(c)
on any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the Index Calculation Agent fails to publish 
the Closing Price of the SGI Index other than as a result of the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event (an Index Disruption and together with an Index 
Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an Index Adjustment Event); or
(d)
for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise (i) one or more 
Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or an ETF Share or (ii) one or more Underlying 
Indices composed of one or more Fund Units or ETF Shares or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules, an FRTB Event has occurred;
then the Calculation Agent shall either:
(i)
calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a 
condition has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms using, in 
lieu of a published level for the SGI Index, the level of that SGI Index on the relevant 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or, in respect of any event described in B(a) and (b) 
above, Barrier Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that SGI Index last in effect prior to that Index 
Adjustment Event, but using only those Index Components that composed the SGI 
Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those Index 
Components that have since then ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange), 
and adjust, as the case may be, any of the relevant terms of the Notes; or 
(ii)
replace the SGI Index by a Similar Index (except for the case described in (b) above); 
or 
(iii)
consider such Index Adjustment Event as an event triggering an early redemption of 
the Notes (hereafter an Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption 
Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay 
to each Noteholder as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Redemption 
Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes; or
(iv)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of 
the General Terms and Conditions); or
(v)
only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the SGI Index with the Substitute Index (an 
Index Substitution Event), where Substitute Index means an Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the affected SGI Index 
or, in the absence of benchmark for the affected SGI Index as having an investment 
strategy similar to the investment strategy of the affected SGI Index. Following the 
occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Notes shall be governed by the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes for any aspect in relation 
with the Substitute Index. 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt:
-
in the event of the occurrence or existence of an Index Disruption in respect of an 
SGI Index which Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component "type" is 
"Physical Commodity" and/or "Commodity Contract" on a Barrier Date (which is not 
also a Valuation Date), such Index Disruption will not result in the Calculation Agent 
taking any of the steps described in (i), (ii) and (iii) above with respect to such Barrier 
Date. Instead, such date will no longer be considered a Barrier Date, and accordingly 
the Calculation Agent will not determine whether a Barrier Level is reached or any 
other condition has occurred for such date with respect to the SGI Index affected by 
the Index Disruption.
3.1.2
Stop-Loss Event relating to an SGI Index

--- Page 550 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes
550
If, on any Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last 
Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an SGI Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. 
or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected SGI Index and the event, the 
Stop-Loss Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to:
A.
substitute the Affected SGI Index by a Similar Index and will adjust any relevant terms of the 
Notes accordingly; or 
B.
continue with the Affected SGI Index; or 
C.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter an 
Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall 
terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each Noteholder, as soon as possible 
after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
3.1.3
Correction of the Closing Price of an SGI Index
In the event that any price or level published by the Index Calculation Agent which is used for any 
calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published and made available to the public by the Index Calculation Agent after the original 
publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) 
determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is 
payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes 
to account for such correction, 
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing 
system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
3.2
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Holding Limit Event and 
consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have 
the meanings given to them in the Additional terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
In the case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased 
Cost of Hedging relating to an SGI Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply 
the adjustments as specified in the Additional terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 551 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes
551
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes apply if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that "Type of Structured Notes" is "Reference Rate Linked Notes".
1.
DEFINITIONS
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date defined as being a 
number of Business Days prior to the beginning /end of an Interest Period. 
Reference Rate(s) means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Underlying(s). 
Reference Rate Fixing means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the fixing of such Reference Rate 
published on the Interest Determination Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page at the Specified Time.
Relevant Screen Page means, for each Reference Rate, the page specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Specified Time means, for each Relevant Screen Page, the time (and associated financial centre) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (which can be a calendar day or a Business Day or an Interest Payment Date). 
2.
FALLBACK PROVISIONS
2.1
Generic fallback provisions
If on an Interest Determination Date or on a Valuation Date which is a Business Day or any other 
date or period in respect of which the Reference Rate must be determined to calculate any amount 
due under the Reference Rate Linked Notes, the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the 
Specified Time or if any Index Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall apply the procedure 
detailed in General Condition 4.2.3.2 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes ("Standard 
Screen Rate Determination") or General Condition 4.2.3.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (“If an Index Event has occurred”) as if it was acting as the Principal Paying Agent.
2.2
Specific fallback provisions
For certain products (mainly range accrual products), one or both of the following provisions may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in addition to the generic fallback provisions:
2.2.1
In respect of a Valuation Date which is not a Business Day, the Reference Rate Fixing for such 
Valuation Date will be the Reference Rate Fixing on the first preceding Business Day in respect of 
such Valuation Date.
2.2.2
In respect of an Interest Period and for the last four Business Days of such Interest Period, the value 
of the Reference Rate Fixing on these days shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate Fixing on the 
fifth Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period.
3.
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND 
CONSEQUENCES
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to 
them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 552 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes
552
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to a Reference Rate (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the 
adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 553 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes
553
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes apply if 
the applicable Final Terms specify that "Type of Structured Notes" is "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes".
1.
DEFINITIONS
Averaging Date means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of 
Condition 2 below shall apply.
Closing Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, the fixing of such Foreign Exchange 
Rate published by the Price Source (or the Substitute Price Source if (a) the Price Source (or any 
page that may be substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of such Foreign Exchange Rate 
is not available on the Price Source) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date.
For EU Allowance Notesthe Closing Price means:
Spot FX Rate, which in respect of a Valuation Date, means the bid price (‘FwdsBid’) published 
by the Price Source (or its successor) in respect of such date; and
Fwd FX Rate, which in respect of a Valuation Date, means the ask price (‘FwdsAsk’) published 
by the Price Source (or its successor) in respect of that date, provided that:
(a)
if the exact maturity of the ask price is not available on the Price Source, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Closing Price by applying linear interpolation based on the next 
shorter and next longer maturities available; and
(b)
if it is not possible to determine the ask price based on the Price Source, the Closing Price 
will be a rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and having regard 
to the conditions prevailing in the market.
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Disruption Event has occurred.
Disruption Events means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, the occurrence or existence of 
(a) a Price Source Disruption, (b) an Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other 
event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or (c). For the purpose 
hereof:
A.
Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from 
which the Closing Price is calculated.
B.
Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of any Foreign 
Exchange Rate whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge 
its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date 
or any Valuation Date.
C.
Dual Exchange Rate means that the Foreign Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple 
foreign exchange rates.
Foreign Exchange Rate means any exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and 
specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate 
expressed as X/Y means the number of units (or part units) of Y for which one unit of X can be 
exchanged. 
FX Opening Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 554 ---
554
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, any time between the FX Opening 
Time and the FX Closing Time on a Valuation Date, the level of such Foreign Exchange Rate 
published by the Intraday Price Source (or the Substitute Intraday Price Source if the Intraday Price 
Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not available) at a specific time on the relevant 
Valuation Date.
Intraday Price Source means, the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Intraday Price is 
calculated.
Price Source means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is 
calculated. 
Substitute Intraday Price Source means the substitute published source, information vendor or 
provider as specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates 
from which the Intraday Price is calculated. 
Scheduled Trading Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal 
financial centres of the Foreign Exchange Rate.
Substitute Price Source means the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from which 
the Closing Price is calculated. 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of 
Condition 2 below shall apply.
In case more than one Foreign Exchange Rate need to be determined for a Note on a date specified 
as a Valuation Date in the applicable Final Terms and such date is a Scheduled Trading Day for one 
or more of these Foreign Exchange Rates and not a Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of the 
other Foreign Exchange Rates:
(a)
Such date shall be the Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which this date is 
a Scheduled Trading Day.
(b)
The Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for each of these 
Foreign Exchange Rates unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply.
In case a Foreign Exchange Rate X/Y is described in the applicable Final Terms as the combination 
of two other Foreign Exchange Rates (X/Y = X/Z multiplied by Z/Y, with X/Z and Z/Y the Intermediate 
Foreign Exchange Rates) and a day specified as a Valuation Date in the applicable Final Terms is 
a Scheduled Trading Day for one of the Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates and not for the other, 
the Valuation Date for both Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates (but only for the purpose of 
determining the Foreign Exchange Rate that is the combination of these two Intermediary Foreign 
Exchange Rates) shall be the first succeeding day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both 
Intermediary Foreign Exchange Rates unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply.
Valuation Time means the time at which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from 
which the Closing Price is calculated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 555 ---
555
2.
CONSEQUENCES OF A DISRUPTION EVENT
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled 
Valuation Date and the Scheduled Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for a Foreign 
Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall:
(a)
determine to apply any of the following methods:
(x)
determine that the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Foreign Exchange 
Rate shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Foreign Exchange Rate, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled 
Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case, that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for the Foreign 
Exchange Rate notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign 
Exchange Rate as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and 
the good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so calculated shall 
be deemed the Closing Price;
Provided however that: 
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be 
postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging 
Date; if on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging 
Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled 
Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on 
that day the determinations described in (x) above, and the good faith estimate of 
the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the Closing 
Price; or
(y)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event 
occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as 
defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes; or
(z)
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 
of the General Terms and Conditions); and/or
(b)
postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if 
applicable, the Maturity Date) until the fourth Business Day following the date on which a 
Disruption Event is no longer subsisting. No interest or other amount shall be paid by the 
Fiduciary in respect of such postponement.
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another 
time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the 
clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 556 ---
556
3.
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT 
EVENT AND CONSEQUENCES
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have 
the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging or 
Holding Limit Event relating to a Foreign Exchange Rate (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation 
Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.

--- Page 557 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
557
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes apply if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that "Type of Structured Notes" is "Commodity Linked Notes".
1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1
Commodity Reference Prices
Commodity Reference Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms,  any 
of (a) the prices specified for the relevant Commodity below, (b) the Closing Price for the relevant 
Commodity Index specified in the applicable Final Terms:
AL for a date means the settlement price per tonne of high grade primary aluminium at the end of 
the second morning ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on 
the page "LOAHDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
AL3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward high grade primary aluminium 
on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on the page "LOAHDS03 Comdty" 
of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).
BL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the Brent blend crude oil on the ICE of the 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date 
(available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page 
"CO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
CC for a date means the settlement price per metric tonne of Cocoa Bean on the ICE of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date 
(available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
CL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude 
oil on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date 
(available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
CO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of No.2 Yellow Corn on the CBOT of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CBOT for that 
date (available on page "C1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
CT for a date means the settlement price per pound of Cotton No.2 on the ICE of First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on 
page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page"CTc1" for a First Nearby

--- Page 558 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
558
Month Futures Contract and "CTc2" for as Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
CU for a date means the settlement price per tonne of copper Grade A at the end of the second 
morning ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"LOCADY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
CU3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward copper Grade A on the LME 
(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and 
made public by the LME for that date (available on page " LOCADS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on page "MCU3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).
DA for a date means the settlement price per 100 pounds of Class III Milk on the CME of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the CME for that date 
(available on page "DA1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "DA 2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "DAc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "DAc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
EEX-EUA for a date, means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the 
EEX of the Emission Allowances Spot stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the EEX for 
that date (available on page “EEX-EUA” of the Reuters terminal, or any relevant succeeding page); 
and (b) all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute an 
order on such settlement price.
EU2 for a date means the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being 
an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in EUR, 
as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MO1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#CFI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).
FC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Feeder Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CME for that date (available 
on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
FEUAZ0 for a date, means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the 
EEX of the December 2020 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the 
EEX for that date (available on page "FEUAZ0" of the Reuters terminal, or any relevant succeeding 
page); and (b) all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute 
an order on such settlement price.
FN for a date means the settlement price per Therm of the UK natural gas on the ICE of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated 
in GBP cents, as determined and made public by ICE for that date (available on page "FN1 Comdty" 
of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGLNc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or 
any relevant succeeding page).
GI for a date means the settlement price per MWh of the phelix baseload electricity index 
(Germany/Austria) on the EEX of the Second Nearby Month Contract (unless otherwise provided for

--- Page 559 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
559
in the applicable Final Terms) stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the EEX for that 
date (available on page "GI2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "F1BMc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
GL for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the gas oil on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract (denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond the January 2015 
contract month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Law Sulphur Futures Contract with changes in its 
specification for February 2015 and later contract month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public 
by the ICE for that date (available on page "QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on 
page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
GOA for a date, means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms) London Gold price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the 
LBMA authorized to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by 
independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the LBMA 
on its website at www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page 
"GOLDLNAM index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXAM=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or website such 
as recommended by the LBMA).
GO for a date, means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms) London Gold price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the 
LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by 
independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the LBMA 
on its website at www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page 
"GOLDLNPM index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXPM=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or web site such 
as recommended by the LBMA). 
GOC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Gold on the COMEX of the Selected 
Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on page "GC1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page); provided that:
(a)
Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among 
February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract, and
(b)
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant 
Futures Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures Contract among 
February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract.
HO for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the New York Harbor ULSD ("Ultra Low 
Sulfur Diesel (ULSD)") on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by 
the NYMEX for that date (available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
ICEDEU3 Index for a date means the sum of:
(a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an entitlement to 
emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the EUA Daily Phase 3 Futures 
Contract (or any Future Contract replacing EUA Daily Phase 3 Futures Contract for Phase 4 delivery 
in accordance with the EU ETS) stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for that 
date (available on page “ICEDEU3 Index” of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding 
page); and 
(b) as will be further specified in the Final Terms, either

--- Page 560 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
560
(i) all unwinding costs (costs expressed in negative value) or fees (if any) that would be paid by a 
hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price; or 
(ii) all Standard Unwind Costs being the costs expressed as a negative amount except where 
expressed as a gain, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) 
all costs, fees (if any) that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on 
such settlement price, expenses (including break funding charges/gains and loss or gain of funding, 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, represents the loss/gain of future interest amounts to be received 
under the funding arrangement(s) entered into in relation to the Notes), tax and duties incurred 
directly or indirectly by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the related partial or total termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge 
Positions, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes.
Where “Hedge Positions” means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, futures, interest 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) any cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or 
(c) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis the part of Societe Generale’s or any of its affiliates’ obligations 
under the Notes.
KC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Arabica Coffee on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available 
on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
KW for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Hard Red Winter Wheat on the KBOT of First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by the KBOT for that 
date (available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KW2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on "KWc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract page of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
LC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Live Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CME for that date (available 
on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract and "LCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
LH for a date means the settlement price per pound of Lean Hogs on the CME of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CME for that date (available 
on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract and "LHc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
MCU for a date means the price per ton of copper Grade A on the LME of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract, subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"MCU/CLS1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, and on 
the relevant page of the Bloomberg terminal).

--- Page 561 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
561
MOZ20 Comdty for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the 
ICE of the December 2020 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the 
ICE for that date (available on page "MOZ20 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant 
succeeding page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value)  or fees (if any) 
that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price.
MOZ21 Comdty for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the 
ICE of the December 2021 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the 
ICE for that date (available on page "MOZ21 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant 
succeeding page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) 
that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price.
MOZ22 Comdty for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such 
emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the 
ICE of the December 2022 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the 
ICE for that date (available on page "MOZ22 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant 
succeeding page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) 
that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price.
NG for a date means the settlement price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry 
Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date 
(available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETNGS" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
NI for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Primary Nickel at the end of the second morning 
ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated 
in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LONIDY 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
NI3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Primary Nickel on the LME 
(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and 
made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LONIDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on page "MNI3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).
OJ for a date means the settlement price per pound of Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice on the 
ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by 
the ICE for that date (available on page "JO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"JO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"OJc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "OJc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
PB for a date means the settlement price per tonne of the Standard Lead at the end of the second 
morning ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"LOPBDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
PB3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Standard Lead on the LME 
(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and 
made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOPBDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on page "MPB3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).

--- Page 562 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
562
PDA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms) London Palladium Price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per 
troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised to 
effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by 
the LME on its website at www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page 
"PLDMLNAM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or website such 
as recommended by the LME).
PD for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms) London Palladium Price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per 
troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised to 
effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by 
the LME on its website at www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page 
"PLDMLNPM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or web site such 
as recommended by the LME). 
PTA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms) London Platinum Price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy 
ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised to effect 
such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page 
"PLTMLNAM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on the "XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or website such 
as recommended by the LME).
PT for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) 
London Platinum Price (which may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy ounce 
gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorized to effect such 
delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME on 
its website at www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page 
"PLTMLNPM Index" of the Bloomberg terminal and on the "XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement page or web site such 
as recommended by the LME).  
RB for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the reformulated gasoline blendstock for 
oxygen blending on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by 
the NYMEX for that date (available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
SB for a date means the settlement price per pound of Sugar #11 on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available 
on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract and "SBc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
SI for a date, means that day’s LBMA Silver price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London 
through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. dollars, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA, and 
published by the LBMA on its website at www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date 
(as published on page "SLVRLND Index" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding 
page, or any replacement page or website such as recommended by the LBMA).
SIC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Selected 
Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, 
as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on page"SI1 Comdty" of the

--- Page 563 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
563
Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); provided that:
(a)
Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among 
March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts, and
(b)
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant 
Futures Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures Contract among 
March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts.
SM for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of Soybean Meal on the CBOT of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the CBOT for that date 
(available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
SO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Soybean on the CBOT of First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by the CBOT for that date (available on 
page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "Sc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
WH for a date means the settlement price per bushel of deliverable grade wheat on the CBOT of the 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public by the CBOT for 
that date (available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "W 2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Wc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract 
of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
XA for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the Rotterdam monthly coal on the ICE of 
the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page 
"XA2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "ATWMc2" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
ZN for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Special High Grade Zinc at the end of the 
second morning ring on the LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on 
page "LOZSDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).
ZN3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Special High Grade Zinc on the 
LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and 
made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOZSDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on page "MZN3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).
1.2
Price Sources
Price Source means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, the Exchange, Index Sponsor 
or other entity, as specified in the definition of that Commodity Reference Price as the entity which 
determines and makes public the relevant price. 
APX means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V. or its successor.

--- Page 564 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
564
CBOT means the Chicago Board of Trade or its successor.
CME means the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or its successor.
COMEX means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York or its successor.
EEX means European Energy Exchange or its successor.
ICE means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. or its successor.
KBOT means the Kansas City Board of Trade or its successor.
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor.
LME means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor.
London Bullion Market means the market in London on which members of the LBMA, amongst 
other things, quote prices for the buying and selling of Gold and Silver.
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor.
NORDPOOL means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange) or its successor.
NYMEX means the New York Mercantile Exchange or its successor.
OMLX means the OM London Exchange Ltd. or its successor.
SIMEX means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange, Inc. or its successor.
1.3
EU Allowance Notes
Central Administrator means the person designated by the European Commission to operate and 
maintain the EUTL pursuant to Article 20 of the Directive and Article 5 of the Registries Regulation.
Directive means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 
2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community 
and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended from time to time.
EU Allowance means an “allowance” as defined in the Directive that has been issued by a competent 
authority pursuant to Article 3 of the Directive.
EU Allowance Notes means Notes linked to any of the following Commodity:
(a)
EEX-EUA; 
(b)
FEUAZ0;
(c)
ICEDEU3 Index;
(d)
MOZ20 Comdty;
(e)
MOZ21 Comdty;
(f)
MOZ22 Comdty; or
(g)
EU2

--- Page 565 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
565
EU Allowance Transaction means any EU Allowance transaction entered into by Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates to hedge the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes.
EUTL or European Transaction Log means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 
20(1) of the Directive, the operation of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries 
Regulation.
National Administrator means the entity responsible for managing, on behalf of a European Union 
member state, a set of user accounts under the jurisdiction of a European Union member state in the 
Union Registry as designated in accordance with Article 7 of the Registries Regulation.
Optional Redemption Valuation Date means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms, the date specified as such in the notice given by the Noteholders to the Fiduciary as of which 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated provided that it is a Valuation Date 
otherwise the Optional Redemption Valuation Date shall be postponed to the immediately following 
day that is a Valuation Date.
Registries Regulation means the EU Commission Regulation no. 1193/2011 of 18 November 2011 
establishing a Union Registry for the period commencing on 1 January 2013, and subsequent trading 
periods, of the Scheme pursuant to the Directive 2003/87/EC and Decision 280/2004/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council and amending Regulations (EC) No. 2216/2004 and (EU) 
No. 920/2010.
Union Registry means the registry referred to as the “Community Registry” in Article 19(1) of the 
Directive.
Valuation Date means: 
A.
each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the Notes; provided that:
(i)
each such day is a Commodity Business Day common to both Underlyings and no 
Underlying is affected by a Market Disruption Event, and if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs on a Commodity Business Day for any Underlying, the Valuation Date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Commodity Business Day common to both 
Underlyings; and
(ii)
if, such day does not occur at the latest on the fifth Commodity Business Day 
following the initial Commodity Business Day which, in the absence of Market 
Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date, then such Valuation Date 
shall be such fifth Commodity Business Day and the prices for such Valuation Date 
shall be determined, in good faith, by the Calculation Agent using:
(a)
with respect to the Commodity which is not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on such fifth Commodity Business Day, the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price on such day; and
(b)
with respect to the Commodity which is affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on such fifth Commodity Business Day, the fair market value of such 
Commodity; and
B.
if the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes are specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Reference Rate Linked Notes are not specified or are specified as being not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, each day that is both:

--- Page 566 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
566
(i)
a Valuation Date (as defined in A. above); and 
(ii)
a Scheduled Trading Day common to both FXRates and which is not affected by a 
Disruption Event in respect of either FXRate;
C.
if both Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes and 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each day that is all of:
(i)
a Valuation Date (as defined in A. above); and
(ii)
a Scheduled Trading Day common to both FXRates and which is not affected by a 
Disruption Event in respect of either FXRate; and 
(iii)
a Scheduled Trading Day for all Reference Rates and Risk-free Reference Rates 
and which is not affected by a Disruption Event in respect of either Reference Rate 
or Risk-Free Reference Rate from and including Valuation Date(0) to and including 
Valuation Date(T).
Valuation Date(0) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Valuation Date(T) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
1.4
Other definitions
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average. With respect to a 
Commodity, Averaging Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a 
Commodity Index, Averaging Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Averaging Date is 
considered as a Valuation Date. 
Barrier Date means a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier 
Level is reached or any other condition has occurred, and which includes (1) each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or (2) each date where an American Knock-In Event can occurred, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as both 
a Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it will be considered as a Valuation Date. With respect to a 
Commodity, Barrier Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a 
Commodity Index, Barrier Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Common Commodity Business Day or Common Index 
Business Day, as relevant, is applicable to Barrier Dates. 
Barrier Level means the level specified as such or as a Knock-In Threshold in the applicable Final 
Terms. If not specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, a Barrier Level means a level for which 
an American Knock-In Event is deemed to have occurred.
Basket means a basket of Commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Closing Price for a date means, with respect to a Commodity Index, the closing level of the 
Commodity Index determined and made public by the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Index Calculation 
Agent) for that date.
Commodity means any of the commodities referenced in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, 
commodities comprised in a Commodity Index or any Underlying Index, if applicable or any 
commodity otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Business Day means (a) when the Commodity Reference Price is a price determined 
and made public by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event, would have been) a scheduled trading day on that Exchange and, (b) when the Commodity

--- Page 567 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
567
Reference Price is not a price determined and made public by an Exchange, a day with respect to 
which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to make public a price. 
Commodity Index means the index on commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Commodity Instrument means any Relevant Futures Contract, and as applicable, any commodity 
comprised in the Commodity Index or Underlying Index for which there is no Relevant Futures 
Contract.
Common Commodity Business Day means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is a 
Commodity Business Day with respect to all Commodity Reference Prices specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Common Index Business Day means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is an Index 
Business Day with respect to all Commodity Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange means the exchange or principal trading market specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that with respect to a Commodity Index, Exchange means the exchange or quotation system 
on which the Commodities comprised in the Commodity Index are traded, or any successor exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, in particular by reason of comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Commodities. 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Futures Contract means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price and a Valuation Date or a 
Barrier Date, a standardised contract, traded on the Exchange referenced in that Commodity 
Reference Price, for future delivery of a contract size of the Commodity referenced in that Commodity 
Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, (a) if a particular date or 
month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Futures 
Contract providing for delivery on that date or month, (b) if First Nearby Month, Second Nearby Month 
etc. is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Futures Contract will be respectively the 
first Futures Contract, the second Futures Contract etc. to expire (meaning, for the avoidance of 
doubt, to cease trading) on or following the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date.
Index Business Day means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any day (a) on which the Index 
Sponsor (or, if relevant, the Index Calculation Agent) and the Underlying Index Sponsor (if any) (or, 
if relevant, the Underlying Index Calculation Agent) are scheduled to determine and make public the 
Closing Price of the Commodity Index and Underlying Index (if any), as applicable, and (b) which is 
a trading day on the relevant Exchange for all Commodity Instruments.
Index Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any of the following events: 
A.
the failure by the Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) to determine 
or make public the Closing Price of the Commodity Index (if relevant). 
B.
the failure by the Underlying Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Underlying Index Calculation 
Agent) to determine or make public the Closing Price of the Underlying Index. 
C.
the failure by the relevant Exchange to determine or make public the settlement price for a 
Commodity Instrument.
D.
the material limitation imposed on trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant 
Exchange, provided that a limitation imposed on trading shall be deemed to be material only 
if (X) the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the 
Commodity Instrument may fluctuate and (Y) the price of such Commodity Instrument is at 
the upper or lower limit of that range (each a "Limit Price") (the "Trading Limitation"). 
E.
the material suspension of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, 
provided that a suspension of the trading shall be deemed to be material only if (X) all trading 
in the Commodity Instrument is suspended for the entire trading day on the relevant

--- Page 568 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
568
Exchange or (Y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended during the relevant 
trading day on the relevant Exchange, such suspension is announced less than one hour 
preceding the commencement of such suspension or trading does not recommence prior to 
the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Commodity Instrument (the "Trading 
Suspension").
F.
the non-opening of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange on any 
scheduled trading day with respect to such Commodity Instrument on that Exchange (a 
"Scheduled Trading Day") provided that (X) the non-opening of trading in the Commodity 
Instrument does not constitute a Trading Suspension and (Y) all trading in the Commodity 
Instrument is closed for the entire Scheduled Trading Day (the "Closed Exchange").
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Dates shall not be considered 
as an Index Disruption Event with respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a 
Valuation Date in which case it shall be considered as a Valuation Date).
Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Commodity 
Index, if different from the Index Sponsor.
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms which 
(a) is responsible for establishing and reviewing the rules, procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Commodity Index and/or (b) makes public (directly or 
through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Commodity Index on a regular basis.
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Intraday Price means, with respect to a Commodity and a day, any price at which such Commodity 
has been traded on the relevant Exchange at any time during that day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, such price to include the Commodity Reference Price.
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Intraday Price shall have the following 
meanings:
Aluminium Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling high 
grade primary aluminium has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on the page "LMAHDS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Arabica Coffee Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which arabica coffee has 
been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in 
U.S cents, available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract 
of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Brent blend crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per barrel at which the Brent 
blend crude oil has been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in USD, available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and on page "CO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on page "COc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "COc2" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page).
Cocoa Bean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at which the Cocoa Bean 
has been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in 
USD (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 Comdty"

--- Page 569 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
569
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Copper Grade A Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling 
copper Grade A has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "LMCADS03 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).
Cotton No.2 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Cotton No.2 has 
been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S 
cents, available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CTc1" for a 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CTc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Deliverable grade Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which 
deliverable grade wheat has been traded at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "W 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal 
and on page "Wc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).Feeder Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Feeder 
Cattle has been traded at any time during that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), 
stated in U.S. cents, available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"FC2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"FCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Emissions allowance Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at which the 
emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon 
dioxide equivalent gas), has been traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in EUR, 
as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MO1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#CFI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).
Gas oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which the gas oil has been 
traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond January 2015 contract month, and renamed ICE 
Gas Oil Low Sulphur Futures Contract with changes in its specification for February 2015 and later 
contract month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in USD, available on page "QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on 
page "LGOc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LGOc2" for a Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Gold COMEX Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold has been 
traded at any time during that date on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
COMEX for that date (available on page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); provided 
that: 
(i)
Selected Futures Contract means for such date the next expiring Futures Contract among 
February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract, and

--- Page 570 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
570
(ii)
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the Relevant 
Futures Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures Contract among 
February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract.
Gold Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold for delivery in London 
through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during 
that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on 
page "XAU=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or on page 
"XAU EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).
Hard Red Winter Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Hard Red 
Winter Wheat has been traded at any time during that date on the KBOT of First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KW2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal 
and on page "KWc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).
Lean Hogs Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Lean Hogs has been 
traded at any time during that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. 
cents, available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LHc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Live Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Live Cattle has been 
traded at any time during that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. 
cents, available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Natural gas Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per MMBTU at which the natural gas has 
been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated 
in USD, available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page NGc1 of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
New York Harbor ULSD Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at which the 
New York Harbour ULSD has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated 
in U.S. cents, available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page Hoc1 of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
No.2 Yellow Corn Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which the No.2 Yellow 
Corn has been traded at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), 
stated in U.S cents, available on page "C 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"C 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"Cc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Palladium Intraday Price means for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Palladium for 
delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded 
at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in 
USD, available on page "XPD=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service or on page "XPD EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 571 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
571
Platinum Intraday Price means for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Platinum for 
delivery in London through a member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded 
at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in 
USD, available on page "XPT=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service or on page "XPT EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal(or any relevant succeeding page).
Primary Nickel Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling 
Primary Nickel has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "LMNIDS03 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).
Reformulated gasoline blendstock Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at 
which the reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygen blending has been traded at any time during 
that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page RBc1 of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page).
Silver COMEX Intraday Price: means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver has been 
traded at any time during that date on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents (available on page "SI1 Comdty" of 
the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page); provided that 
(i)
Selected Futures Contract means for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among 
March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts, and
(ii)
if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant 
Futures Contract for such date will be the second next to expire Futures Contract among 
March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts.
Silver Intraday Price: means for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver for delivery in 
London through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any 
time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, 
available on page "XAG=EBS" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any succeeding page) 
or on page "XAG EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).
Standard Lead Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling 
Standard Lead has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms), available on page "LMPBDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal 
and on page "MPB3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).
Sugar #11 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Sugar #11 has been 
traded at any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, 
available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SBc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
Soybean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Soybean has been traded 
at any time during that date on the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, 
available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 572 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
572
Soybean Meal Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which Soybean Meal 
has been traded at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in 
USD, available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a 
First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).
West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per 
barrel at which the West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil has been traded at any time during 
that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg 
terminal and on page CLc1 of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).
Zinc Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling Special High 
Grade Zinc has been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "LMZSDS03 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).
Market Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity, any event that, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the determination of the price of such Commodity 
for a Valuation Date and includes, without limitation: 
A.
the failure by the relevant Price Source to make public the relevant price for a Valuation Date 
or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source, and 
B.
the Trading Suspension or the Trading Limitation (whether by reason of movements in price 
reaching the limits of the Limit Price or otherwise) in the relevant Commodity on the relevant 
Exchange.
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event is determined by the Calculation Agent.
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Dates shall not be considered 
as a Market Disruption Event with respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a 
Valuation Date in which case it shall be considered as a Valuation Date).
MMBTU means one million British thermal units.
Observation Barrier Period means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
period from and including the first Valuation Date to and including the last Valuation Date.
Observation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for business either in London or in New York.
Relevant Futures Contract means each futures contract comprised in the Commodity Index or in 
the Underlying Index.
Roll Adjustment means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the 
following roll rules:
Roll Adjustment 1: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding 
the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be:
(i)
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract; and

--- Page 573 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
573
(ii)
immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract.
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the immediately preceding trade date 
was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract).
Roll Adjustment 2: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the standard (last) expiration date of 
the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures Contract will be:
(i)
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract, and 
(ii)
immediately after the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract.
For a Commodity Business Day falling after the standard (last) expiry date of the First Nearby Month 
Futures option contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which, as of the standard (last) 
expiration date of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, was the Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract).
Roll Adjustment 3: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding 
the first notice date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract traded on the Exchange referred to 
in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures Contract will be:
(i)
until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract, and
(ii)
immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract.
For a Commodity Business Day falling on or after the first notice date of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the day immediately preceding 
that first notice date, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract).
Strike Price means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Underlying Index means each index comprised in a Commodity Index.
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the 
Underlying Index, if different from the Underlying Index Sponsor.
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms which (a) is responsible for establishing and reviewing the rules, procedures and the methods 
of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Underlying Index and (b) makes public 
(directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying Index 
on a regular basis.
Valuation Date means a date with respect to which a Commodity Reference Price is determined and 
includes the Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and/or each 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. With respect to a Commodity, Valuation Date

--- Page 574 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
574
is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Valuation 
Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, neither Common Commodity Business Day nor Common Index Business Day, as relevant, is 
applicable to Valuation Dates.
2.
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITIES OTHER THAN INDICES
2.1
Commodity Business Day Adjustment
2.1.1
If a Valuation Date is not a Commodity Business Day with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, 
then the Valuation Date for such Commodity Reference Price shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Commodity Business Day with respect to such Commodity Reference Price, subject to 
valuation deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below.
2.1.2
If a Barrier Date is not a Common Commodity Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Common Commodity Business Day, subject to determination 
deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below.
2.1.3
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the earlier 
of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date 
of any payment to be made on the basis of determinations made for such Valuation Date or Barrier 
Date, as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) 
the fourth Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of the Commodity or Commodities for 
which that day is not a Commodity Business Day.
2.2
Consequences of Market Disruption Events 
2.2.1
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to a Commodity Reference Price on 
a Valuation Date, then the price of such Commodity with respect to such Valuation Date will be 
(subject to the determination deadline provision in Condition 2.2.2 below
(a)
the Commodity Reference Price for such Valuation Date published by the relevant Exchange 
on the next Commodity Business Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event 
(the Determination Day); 
(b)
if the Commodity Reference Price is not determined as per paragraph (a) above or is a Limit 
Price, the Commodity Reference Price published by the relevant Exchange for such 
Determination Day.
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, a Determination Day shall fall within a 
period of five Commodity Business Days from and including the relevant Valuation Date.
The determination of the Commodity Reference Price in paragraphs (a) and (b) above is 
subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 2.2.2 below
(c)
If there is no Determination Day within a period of five Commodity Business Days following 
(and including) the Valuation Date, then the prices for such Valuation Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such fifth Commodity Business Day, using:
(i)
with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are not affected by a Market 
Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity Business Day, the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price for that fifth Commodity Business Day and 
(ii)
with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are affected by a Market 
Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity Business Day, the fair market value of such 
Commodity or Commodities.

--- Page 575 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
575
2.2.2 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the prices for a Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the latest on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the 
fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis of determinations 
made for such Valuation Date. 
2.3
Consequences of extraordinary events affecting the Commodities or Commodity Reference 
Prices
If any of the following extraordinary event occurs in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity 
Reference Price, in the determination of the Calculation Agent:
A.
the relevant Commodity Reference Price disappears or permanently discontinues or 
otherwise becomes unavailable; or
B.
at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the formula or the 
calculation method for the relevant Commodity Reference Price occurs; or 
C.
at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the content, the 
composition or the constitution of the relevant Commodity occurs,
then, except in the case of EU Allowance Notes, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either:
Y.
determine the fair market value of the relevant Commodity for the relevant Valuation Date or 
Barrier Date; or
Z.
replace, to the extent possible, the affected Commodity Reference Price with a similar price.
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Y above and if in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, no price meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement 
price in accordance with Z above, then, except in the case of EU Allowance Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will decide to either:
a.
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
b
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that case, 
the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in 
General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
2.4
Consequences of adjustment events affecting the Commodity Reference Price
If a Commodity Reference Price made public on the relevant Price Source's page and used in any 
calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
made available to the public on the relevant Price Source's page after the original publication but no 
later than the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the  four Commodity 
Business Days or Index Business Days, as applicable, prior to the Maturity Date or any payment 
date(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine whether 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes are necessary to account for such correction.
3.
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INDICES ON COMMODITIES
3.1
Index Business Day Adjustment
3.1.1
If a Valuation Date is not an Index Business Day with respect to a Commodity Index, then the 
Valuation Date for such Commodity Index shall be postponed to the next day which is an Index 
Business Day with respect to such Commodity Index, subject to valuation deadline provisions in 
Condition 3.1.3 below.

--- Page 576 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
576
3.1.2
If a Barrier Date is not a Common Index Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Common Index Business Day, subject to determination deadline provisions 
in Condition 3.1.3 below.
3.1.3
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the earlier 
of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date 
of any payment to be made on the basis of determinations made for such Valuation Date or Barrier 
Date; as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) 
such fourth Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market level of the Commodity Index or Commodity 
Indices for which the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) that fourth 
Business Day is not an Index Business Day.
3.2
Consequences of Index Disruption Events
3.2.1
If a Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms is subject to an Index Disruption Event for 
a Commodity Index or any Underlying Index, as applicable, the level of such Commodity Index or 
Underlying Index shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula and 
calculation method for that Commodity Index and Underlying Index, as applicable, then in effect 
(subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 3.2.2 below), using:
(a)
with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index 
for which no Commodity Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption Event, its settlement 
price as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange for the Valuation Date; and 
(b)
with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index 
for which one or more Commodity Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption Event:
(i)
the settlement price of the Commodity Instruments related to such commodity as 
determined by the relevant Exchange for the Valuation Date and made public on the 
Valuation Date or retrospectively on the next Commodity Business Day on which 
there is no Index Disruption Event with respect to such Commodity Instruments;
(ii)
if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments related to such 
commodity is not determined as per (b)(i) above or is a Limit Price, the settlement 
price of all Commodity Instruments related to such commodity published by the 
relevant Exchange for the next Commodity Business Day on which the Index 
Disruption Event ceases to exist with respect to all such Commodity Instruments; 
(iii)
the settlement price of such Commodity Instruments shall be determined within five 
(5) Commodity Business Days from and including the relevant Valuation Date for the 
purposes of paragraph (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above
(iv)
if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments is not determined as 
per (b)(i) or (b)(ii) above,
Y.
for each Commodity Instrument which is not affected by an Index Disruption 
Event on the fifth (5th) Commodity Business Day from and including the 
relevant Valuation Date and for which the relevant Exchange determines 
and makes public the settlement price on that day (and that settlement price 
is not a Limit Price), the settlement price of such Commodity Instrument(s) 
as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange; and  
Z.
for each other Commodity Instrument the fair market value of all such 
Commodity Instruments on that fifth Commodity Business Day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration the latest 
available settlement price for such Commodity Instruments as determined 
and made public by the relevant Exchange and any other information that 
the Calculation Agent may in good faith deem relevant.

--- Page 577 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
577
3.2.2
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the date on which the value of a Commodity comprised in the 
Commodity Index and the level of Commodity Index are determined shall occur not later than earlier 
of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the the fourth Business Day prior to the 
date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of determinations made on such date.
3.3
Consequences of extraordinary events and adjustments to Indices
A.
If a Commodity Index is:
(a)
not calculated and made public by the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index 
Calculation Agent but is calculated and made public by a relevant successor sponsor 
or calculation agent (the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or 
(b)
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in 
the calculation of that Commodity Index (the "Successor Index");
then the Commodity Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and made public by 
the relevant Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as 
the case may be).
B.
If, on or prior to a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the relevant Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) (or if applicable 
the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as the case may be):
(a)
makes a material change in the formula or calculation method of a Commodity Index 
or in any other way materially modifies a Commodity Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Commodity Index in the event 
of changes in commodities comprised in the Commodity Index and capitalisation and 
other routine events). For the avoidance of doubt, and without limitation, any sub-
division (split) of the Commodity Index or any consolidation (reverse split) of the level 
of the Commodity Index, or any other event linked to the performance or the level of 
the Commodity Index shall not be considered a routine event, or
(b)
fails to calculate and publish the level of the Commodity Index for a continuous 
period of at least four (4) Commodity Business Days before and including that 
Valuation Date, or
(c)
permanently ceases to calculate or cancels a Commodity Index and no Successor 
Index exists;
each of the events described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, an "Index 
Adjustment Event";
then the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either:
Y.
determine the level of that Commodity Index for the relevant Valuation Date 
or Barrier Date in accordance with the formula and calculation method for 
that Commodity Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event 
(provided that the Calculation Agent may, if required in the Calculation 
Agent’s determination, adapt such formula or calculation method to take the 
Index Adjustment Event into account). The Commodity Index so calculated 
will be used in lieu of the Closing Price made public by the Index Sponsor 
or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the determination of an 
amount to be paid under the Notes or to determine whether a condition, if 
any, has occurred or not, or

--- Page 578 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
578
Z.
replace the Commodity Index with a new index to the extent possible, 
representative of the similar type of commodities comprised in the 
Commodity Index and traded on one or more Exchanges.
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Y. above 
and if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no index meets the criteria to be 
an appropriate replacement index in accordance with Z. above, then the Calculation 
Agent will decide to either:
a.
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General 
Condition 6.2.2 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
b.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. 
In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and 
pay to each Noteholder an amount equal to an Early Redemption Amount on 
the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
4.
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING - AND 
CONSEQUENCES
Change in Law means, with respect to Notes that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more 
Commodity Indice(s) as Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date and (b) 
the first Valuation Date of the Notes, due to:
A.
the adoption of, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in, any 
applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission or any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or 
any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange or principal trading market on which a 
Commodity or any component thereof is traded (together the Applicable Regulation); or 
B.
the promulgation of, or any change in the published interpretation by official practice of any 
court, tribunal, regulatory or similar authority with competent jurisdiction or supervisory duty 
or exchange, of any Applicable Regulation (including without limitation any action taken by a 
taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines that:
Y.
it is or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates to (a) hold, acquire or dispose of any Hedge Position (as defined below) 
or (b) maintain the agreement entered into with the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes or the 
Underlying(s) of the Notes or to perform its obligations or exercise its rights thereunder; or
Z.
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates incurs or there is a substantial likelihood that Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates will incur increased costs, fees or charges in (a) acquiring, 
establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any Hedge 
Position or (b) maintaining any agreement entered into with the Fiduciary in relation to the 
Notes or the Underlying(s) of the Notes or performing its obligations thereunder.
Hedging Disruption means, unless specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of Notes that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), 
that, as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either:
A.
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge 
Position; or 
B.
freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge 
Position or any agreement entered into with the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes or the 
Underlying(s) of the Notes.

--- Page 579 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
579
For the purpose hereof, Hedge Position means (i) one or more positions in or contracts related to 
commodities, over-the-counter or exchange-traded commodity derivative transactions, one or more 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign 
exchange transactions (ii) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (iii) any cash deposits or cash 
borrowing and/or (iv) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities (howsoever described) 
necessary to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis or otherwise, the risks of Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates of (a) issuing and performing any of the obligations with respect to the Notes or 
(b) entering into and performing the obligations under any agreement entered into in relation to the 
Notes or the Underlying(s) of the Notes.
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of Notes that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as 
Underlying(s), that as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent, Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date 
(s) on which Societe Generale enters into the Hedge Position in respect of the Notes) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or any agreement entered into 
with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes, or (b) freely 
realize, recover or remit the proceeds of the proceeds of its Hedge Positions.
Upon the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging (the 
relevant Commodity(ies) as Underlying being the Affected Underlying), except in the case of EU 
Allowance Notes, the Calculation Agent may either:
A.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay an amount equal to Early Redemption Amount based on the Market 
Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes; or
B.
replace, to the extent possible, the Affected Underlying by a new underlying which is 
representative of the same economic or geographic sector; or
C.
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions); or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging;
D.
deduct:
(i)
from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under any Note on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of 
any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, incurred by Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates, in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligation of 
the Fiduciary under the Notes and such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst 
the outstanding Note (the "Reduction Amount"); provided however that if on an 
Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the 
Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Note is higher than such 
Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction 
Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to 
zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount 
(prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest 
Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), 
and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part after the 
occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining 
Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if 
any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first (the result of such 
deduction being floored at zero); or

--- Page 580 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
580
(ii)
in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the 
Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of 
the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, and (b) in the absence 
of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption 
Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such 
deduction being floored at zero)1; or
(iii)        in the case of Notes that are Physical Delivery Notes, any Physical Delivery Amount 
which is calculated in connection with the Notes shall be reduced by the Reduction 
Amount (subject to a floor of zero).
5.
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EU ALLOWANCE NOTES
Emission Market Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence or 
existence of (A) an Abandonment of Scheme or (B) a Suspension Event. For the purpose hereof:
A.
Abandonment of Scheme means that the scheme for transferring allowances established 
pursuant to the Directive and the Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national 
laws of the European Union member states (the “Scheme”) is, as a result of an official written 
public pronouncement by the European Community, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to 
be discontinued.
B.
Suspension Event means that on or before the Valuation Date(T), Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates is unable to perform its delivery or acceptance obligations under and in 
accordance with an EU Allowance Transaction and the Scheme through the Union Registry 
as a result of the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an Administrator Event or (ii) 
an Absence of Registry Operation.
(i)
Administrator Event means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the 
Union Registry or the EUTL in accordance with the Registries Regulation by the 
relevant National Administrator or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (a) where 
the Union Registry is not operated and maintained in accordance with the provisions 
of the Registries Regulation, or any other applicable law, or (b) for the purpose of 
carrying out scheduled or emergency maintenance, or (c) where there has been or 
following reasonable suspicion of, a breach of security which threatens the integrity 
of the registries system (including any back up facilities).
(ii)
Absence of Registry Operation: means, other than by reason of the occurrence of 
an Administrator Event, the absence of:
­
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Union Registry; and/or
­
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL; and/or
­
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between the 
Union Registry and the EUTL.
1 
The value of Associated Costs shall be equal to 0 (zero) in respect of Italian Certificates to be listed on the Italian Stock 
Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).

--- Page 581 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes
581
Underlying Extraordinary Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence 
of any one of the following events:
A.
the relevant Commodity Reference Price disappears or permanently discontinues or 
otherwise becomes unavailable;
B.
at any time following Valuation Date(0), a material change in the formula or the calculation 
method for the relevant Commodity Reference Price;
C.
at any time following Valuation Date(0), a material change in the content, the composition or 
the constitution of the relevant Commodity; 
D.
an Emission Market Extraordinary Event; or
E.
any one of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging.
Upon the occurrence of an Underlying Extraordinary Event, the Calculation Agent will apply Scenario 
2 (as defined in Condition 3.3.11.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms.
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will apply Scenario 1 (as defined in Condition 3.3.11.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 582 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
582
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that "Type of Structured Notes" is "Fund Linked Notes".
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes the following terms in General 
Condition 6.2.2.4  of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be amended as follows:
-
Hedge Positions as used in General Condition 6.2.2.4 means Hypothetical Hedge Positions; 
-
Intermediate Hedge Positions as used in General Condition 6.2.2.4 means Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions;
-
Optional Hedge Positions as used in General Condition 6.2.2.4 means Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions.
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation 
Period, the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding 
Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to the sum of the Calculation 
Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous 
Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period.
Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date means the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business 
Day following the occurrence of the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Maturity Date.
Adjusted Maturity Date means the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business Day following 
the occurrence of the Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date.
Adjusted Optional Redemption Date means the date which the earlier of (a) the 20th Business Day 
following the occurrence of the Optional Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Maturity Date.
Applicable Method means in respect of a Valuation Date, either Calculation Method, Execution 
Method/Subscription, Execution Method/Redemption, Order Method/Subscription or Order 
Method/Redemption. If in respect of the first Valuation Date to occur on or immediately following the 
Issue Date of the Notes (the First Valuation Date), no Applicable Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Order Method/Subscription shall be deemed to be the Applicable Method. If 
in respect of any Valuation Date which is not the First Valuation Date, no Applicable Method is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, Order Method/Redemption shall be deemed to be the 
Applicable Method.
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of 
(without duplication) all costs (including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and 
duties incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-
establishment of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst 
the Specified Denomination of each outstanding Note.
Basket means a basket composed of Funds (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or 
numbers of Funds specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Closing Price means in respect of any Fund (and in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent):
A.
Where Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a 
Valuation Date, the official net asset value per Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or

--- Page 583 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
583
B.
Where Execution Method/Subscription is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate amount per Unit including all costs or fees (if any) 
that would be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor 
in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Unit(s) scheduled to be 
executed on the official net asset value per Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service 
Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or
C.
Where Execution Method/Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a Valuation Date, the aggregate amount per Unit net of all costs or fees (if any) that would 
be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical 
Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Unit(s), scheduled to 
be executed on the official net asset value per Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation Date; or
D.
Where Order Method/Subscription is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
a Valuation Date, the aggregate amount per Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would 
be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund 
Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by 
the Fund on such Valuation Date; or
E.
Where Order Method/Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
a Valuation Date, the aggregate amount per Unit net of all costs or fees (if any), that would 
be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical 
Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Unit(s) submitted to 
and accepted by the Fund on such Valuation Date.
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day of such 
Calculation Period.
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the 
Compounding Period Amounts for each Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period.
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a 
Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that 
Calculation Period.
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the 
Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction.
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank overnight 
rate in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant 
Compounding Period; the specific Compounding Rate used in respect of a Specified Currency shall 
be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first day of a Calculation Period.
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the liquidation 
proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor.
Fund means, the fund or the pooled investment vehicle as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Fund Business Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect 
of each Fund observed separately), any date on which a Valid Order can be submitted by a 
Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes.
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect 
of each Fund observed separately), any date as defined in the Fund Documents prevailing on the 
Issue Date of the Notes in respect of which the official net asset value of such Fund is dated as of 
such date in accordance with its Fund Documents.

--- Page 584 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
584
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions 
relating to such Fund.
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role 
of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment 
adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent.
Fund Unit or Unit means, in respect of any Fund, a share of such Fund or, if interests in such Fund 
are not denominated as shares, a unit of account of ownership in such Fund.
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, 
derivatives, 
interest 
rate 
transactions 
or 
foreign 
exchange 
transactions, 
(b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes linked to or indexed to the 
relevant Fund Unit due on the Maturity Date apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note provided 
that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not 
occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions will include the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions, 
provided further that 
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing 
system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical 
investor in such Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the Fund Units), located in France (which 
for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any of its affiliates), and deemed, in respect 
of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the Fund Units, to have (a) the benefits and 
obligations, as provided under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund Units; (b) in the 
case of any deemed redemption of such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting 
redemption of Fund Units; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund, to have 
submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of Fund Units.
Intermediate Amount means either an Interest Amount or an Instalment Amount.
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, the date 
on which the liquidation proceeds of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter 
alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully 
received by the Hypothetical Investor.
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, 
by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes linked to or indexed to the

--- Page 585 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
585
relevant Fund Unit due on an Intermediate Payment Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding 
Note.
Intermediate Payment Date means either an Interest Payment Date or an Instalment Date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes.
Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes.
Maturity Disruption Event means that an Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or an Optional Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Maturity Date, 
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System.
For the purposes of this definition of "Maturity Disruption Event", Clearing System means the 
clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Optional Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
of the relevant Notes.
Optional Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the 
relevant Notes.
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, the date on 
which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the 
Hypothetical Investor.
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes linked to or indexed to the 
relevant Fund Unit due on an Optional Redemption Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding 
Note.
Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date means, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date, the 
Business Day preceding such Optional Redemption Date by a number of Business Days or calendar 
days equal to the number of Business Days or calendar days of the notice period (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms).
Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date means, if a Maturity Disruption Event occurs, the date that 
falls on the second anniversary date of the Maturity Date or if such day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day.
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the 
Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into 
the Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such date into the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 586 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
586
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund 
Service Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption 
notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the Fund Documents.
Valuation Date means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of 
each Fund observed separately), each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if, for 
a Fund, such date is not a Fund Business Day or a Fund Valuation Day (as the case may be), the 
next following Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day for such Fund (the Scheduled Valuation 
Date), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case the Valuation Date shall be determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.3 below. Any Initial Valuation Date, Final Valuation 
Date, annual Valuation Date, quarterly Valuation Date, monthly Valuation Date or weekly Valuation 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes 
of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
2.
ADJUSTMENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - DISRUPTION EVENTS 
AND CONSEQUENCES – CONSEQUENCES OF A MATURITY DISRUPTION EVENT
2.1
Adjustments
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting a Fund or 
the value of the relevant Units including, without limitation:
A.
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Units to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalization or similar issue;
B.
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units of (a) an 
additional quantity of such Fund Unit, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Units, or (c) share capital or 
other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a 
result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;
C.
an extraordinary dividend;
D.
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund 
Units initiated by an investor in such Fund Units that is consistent with the Fund Documents; 
or
E.
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the relevant Fund Units or quantity of Fund Units;
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes.
2.2
Extraordinary Events and consequences
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the 
following events (each an Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date:
A.
Change in Law means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or 
capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a Hypothetical Investor to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge

--- Page 587 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
587
Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant Fund Units) or it 
has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates with the Fund or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of 
Agreement" in (B) below, or (y) Societe Generale or any of its affiliates will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under such Notes or the agreement entered into 
by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or the issuer of the Notes with the Fund or the 
Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position);
B.
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, defining (x) 
the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale or any of its affiliates may make 
subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the 
subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), 
including as the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates (y) the undertaking made by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider to 
Societe Generale on the basis of which Societe Generale determines that it can implement 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions in compliance with the Volcker Rule (as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes), the termination of such agreement 
by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale 
or its affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the 
Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in 
part or challenges the validity of such agreement;
C.
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason 
other than those mentioned in (F) or (L) below;
D.
Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of 
twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the 
Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such 
assets);
E.
Fund Hedging Disruption means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical 
for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of 
(i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of the Fund being all or part of the Intermediate and/or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the 
liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), 
(ii) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions or subscriptions that the Fund (or 
the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions 
orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption 
orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders 
by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the subscription 
and redemption orders), or (iv) the postponement of the payment of the balance of 
redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have 
been reviewed by the Fund’s statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges or fees 
imposed by the relevant Fund or (v) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such 
Fund Unit imposed by the relevant Fund, in each case whether these events are imposed by 
the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes or 
are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes and are solely 
implemented by the Fund after such date;
F.
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general assignment

--- Page 588 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
588
or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against 
it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or 
such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a 
person or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each 
case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) has 
a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or 
any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in clauses (a) through (e) above;
G.
Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes, that could reasonably be expected to affect the 
value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not 
limited to an open-ended fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;
H.
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement 
of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service 
Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider 
Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning 
as Fund Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund 
Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the Fund 
Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of 
care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or 
death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred;
I.
Holding Limit Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes;
J.
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate net asset value under an 
amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a 
significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or 
would increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical 
Investor, or any funds managed by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, to such extent 
that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical 
Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired;
K.
Increased Cost of Hedging means that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Notes) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) 
realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, 
provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the

--- Page 589 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
589
creditworthiness of the Societe Generale or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging;
L.
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) 
all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from 
transferring or redeeming them;
M.
Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as 
provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Notes or implements a 
modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be 
submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the principle of such 
modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the 
Notes;
N.
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or 
securities, or the split of the Fund, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its 
conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party;
O.
Nationalization means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof;
P.
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund 
Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such 
Fund Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the 
related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, 
proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving 
the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider;
Q.
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or 
cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been previously 
delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such Fund, or its authorized 
representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor 
such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or 
any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units;
R.
Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the related Fund Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund 
Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes by 
reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, 
of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the 
assets of the Fund,
S.
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund 
or the relevant Fund Service Provider (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary 
basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB 
Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does 
not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the issue date of the Notes) capital requirements pursuant to the

--- Page 590 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
590
Fundamental Review of the trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the 
Fund Unit,
Where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities 
data, in a processable format to enable Societe Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit, to 
calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of the Fund; 
“processable format” means that the format of such information can be readily used by 
Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application commonly 
used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above.
then the Calculation Agent may:
(X)
(i) consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the 
Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid 
an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined 
in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(ii) only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Redemption 
Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Redemption Amount by the delivery 
of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount in cash; or 
(b) if Liquidity Modification is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent 
did not consider such event as an Early Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in 
part, the Final Redemption Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations 
to pay the Final Redemption Amount in cash; or
(Y)
in the case of (N) above only, replace the Fund Unit by the kind and number of units or other 
securities and property receivable on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or 
conveyance by a holder of Fund Units prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, 
sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value of the Fund Unit and make any 
adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such Fund Unit; or
(Z)
apply any of the following methods:
(a)
Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the Substitute 
Fund) having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Fund 
affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected Fund) and (ii) may adjust any 
relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Fiduciary under the Notes.
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where 
a Fund is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Fund, the value of the 
relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as 
described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on 
such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Fund and would mean the closing price of 
such Substitute Fund on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an 
appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected 
Fund on such date "t", or
(b)
Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date (as defined below), or
(c)
Monetisation to the Maturity Date (as defined below), or 
only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging:
(AA)
deduct:
(i)
from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one Note on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of 
any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the

--- Page 591 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
591
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging and that would be incurred by the 
Hypothetical Investor, in relation to the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Hypothetical Hedge Positions hedging 
the payment obligation of the Fiduciary under the Notes and such amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); 
provided however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount 
shall be deducted from the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one 
Note is or higher than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the 
deduction of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Amount shall be reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount 
and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be 
deducted from the Interest Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest 
Payment Date(s), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part 
after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the 
remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Optional Redemption 
Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first 
(the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or
(ii)
in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the 
Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of 
the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, and (b) in the absence 
of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption 
Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such 
deduction being floored at zero)1.
Provided, however, that:
If "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" or "Redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms then:
(x)
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, any Put 
Notice or the exercise by the Fiduciary of its right of optional redemption 
relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-
Off Date falling after the date of such occurrence shall be null and void; and
(z)
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, with 
respect to Put Notices or the exercise by the Fiduciary of its right of optional 
redemption relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional 
Redemption Cut-Off Date falling on or before the date of such occurrence, 
the Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations and/or 
adjustments described in (W), (X), (Y) or (Z) above.
Only in case of FRTB Event:
(AB)
substitute the Affected Fund with the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where 
Substitute Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the 
benchmark of the Affected Fund, or, in the absence of benchmark for the Affected fund, as 
having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Affected Fund.
Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Notes shall be governed by the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes for any aspect in relation with the 
Substitute Index.
1 
Sub-paragraph Z. shall not apply in respect of Italian Certificates to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.).

--- Page 592 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
592
2.3
Disruption Events and consequences
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the 
following events (each a Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (the 
Disrupted Day) and a Fund or Fund Unit (the Affected Fund):
A.
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Investor (including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse subscription and/or 
redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset 
value per Unit of the Fund by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
calculating such official net asset value); or
B.
Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of 
the redemption proceeds on the date by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such 
amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including without 
limitation due to (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account 
or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the 
Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders 
that the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption 
orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption 
orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders 
by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and 
redemption orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption 
proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed 
by the Fund’s statutory auditors (holdback), in each case whether these events are imposed 
by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes 
or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes and are 
solely implemented by the Fund after such date; or
C.
NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Investor) other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption" in (A) above or "Fund Settlement Disruption" in (B) above affecting 
such Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price,
the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the 
Scheduled Averaging Date respectively) in respect of the Affected Fund shall be postponed 
to the immediately following Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day (as specified in 
relation to such Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no 
longer affected by a Disruption Event for such Affected Fund. 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Fund 
Business Days or Fund Valuation Days, as the case may be, following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date, or if no Fund Business Day or Fund 
Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not affected by a Disruption Event has occurred 
at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the 
Scheduled Averaging Date, then the Calculation Agent may either:
X.
determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value per Unit of such Fund which 
shall be deemed to be the Closing Price in respect of such Valuation Date; 
Y.
(i) consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the 
Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event 
occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or 
cause to be paid an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of 
Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes; or

--- Page 593 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
593
(ii) only in case of Fund Settlement Disruption, (a) consider such event as an Early 
Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Redemption 
Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early 
Redemption Amount in cash; or (b) if Fund Settlement Disruption is continuing on 
the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an 
Early Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption 
Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount in cash; or
Z.
apply either (i) Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 
6.2.2 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, (ii) Postponement to the 
Adjusted Payment Date, or (iii) Substitution.
Provided that:
(a)
if "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" or "Redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms then:
(i)
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, the Put 
Notices or the exercise by the Fiduciary of its right of optional redemption 
relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-
Off Date falling after the date of such occurrence shall be null and void.
(ii)
upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, with respect 
to Put Notices or the exercise by the Fiduciary of its right of optional 
redemption relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional 
Redemption Cut-Off Date falling on or before the date of such occurrence, 
the Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations and/or 
adjustments described in (X), (Y) or (Z) above:
(b)
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be 
postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Fund Business 
Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not a Disrupted Day provided 
it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the earlier of (i) the fifth Fund 
Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date and (ii) the thirty-fifth calendar day following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date, a Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, 
that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, 
then that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar 
day, as the case may be, shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth 
calendar day, as the case may be, is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the 
Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (X) above, 
and the good faith estimate of the net asset value per Unit of such Fund so calculated 
shall be deemed the Closing Price;
(c)
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed 
as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) shall occur not later than the 
fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on 
the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a 
Valuation Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) 
would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made 
under the Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date 
or the Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall elect to make the 
determinations and/or adjustments described in either ((X), (Y) or (Z) above on such 
fourth Business Day and, in case the Calculation Agent elects to make the 
determinations described in (X) above, the good faith estimate of the net asset value 
of the Fund so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price.
For the purposes of this Condition 2.3:

--- Page 594 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
594
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another 
time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the 
clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
2.4
Consequences of Maturity Disruption Event
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Maturity 
Disruption Event, then the Calculation Agent may either:
(i)
consider such Maturity Disruption Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the 
Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, 
the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be 
paid an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as 
defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(ii)
apply Postponement to the Adjusted Maturity Date (as described in Condition 3.1.3).
3.
POSTPONEMENT TO THE ADJUSTED PAYMENT DATE - SUBSTITUTION
3.1
Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date, 
the Fiduciary shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the Intermediate Amount(s) initially 
scheduled to be paid on any Intermediate Payment Date and/or (2) the Optional Redemption Amount 
on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations, pay an amount described in Conditions 3.1.1 and/or 3.1.2 and/or 3.1.3 below.
Notwithstanding the above, following the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Maturity Disruption 
Event, the Fiduciary shall no longer be liable for the payment on the Maturity Date of the Intermediate 
Amount(s) and/or the Optional Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount, but instead 
will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Condition 3.1.3 below.
3.1.1 
Postponement to the Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date
3.1.1.1 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms which could be as low as zero
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Adjusted 
Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the 
Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency 
using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, is a 
Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority 
to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.
3.1.1.2 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms which cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum 
Intermediate Amount)

--- Page 595 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
595
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Intermediate 
Payment Date an amount per Note equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount and (2) on 
the Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation 
Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, between:
(i)
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on 
the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in 
place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if 
any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if 
necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on 
the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of 
this provision) and 
(ii)
an amount equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount;
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority 
to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low 
as zero.
3.1.2
Postponement to the Adjusted Optional Redemption Date
3.1.2.1 In respect of the payment of any Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms which could be as low as zero
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Adjusted Optional 
Redemption Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) 
the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of 
which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange 
Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this 
provision).   
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low 
as zero.
3.1.2.2 In respect of the payment of any Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms which cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum 
Optional Redemption Amount)
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Optional 
Redemption Date an amount per Note equal to the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount 
and (2) on the Adjusted Optional Redemption Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference between:
(i)
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with 
respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) 
minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the

--- Page 596 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
596
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full 
Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision) and
(ii)
an amount equal to the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount;
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low 
as zero. 
3.1.3
Postponement to the Adjusted Maturity Date
3.1.3.1 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount and/or the Optional Redemption 
Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which 
could be as low as zero 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Adjusted Maturity 
Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive 
cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Intermediate Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, 
as a result of liquidating the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, as the case may be) minus (b) the Associated 
Costs (the result of which converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional 
Full Liquidation Date and/or on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that 
would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, 
during the period, if any, (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) 
the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Maturity Date (excluded), 
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "fourth" in (y) above may be deemed to be a reference to 
another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules 
applicable to the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low 
as zero.
3.1.3.2 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount and/or the Optional Redemption 
Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Redemption 
Amount)
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Maturity Date 
an amount per Note equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount and (2) on the Adjusted

--- Page 597 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
597
Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive 
difference between: 
(i)
(a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on 
the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as the case may be, as a result of liquidating the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated 
Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as the case may 
be, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that would have accrued on such 
Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, 
(which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Maturity Date (excluded), 
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "fourth" in (y) above may be deemed to be a 
reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system through which the Notes 
are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a 
Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed 
to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical 
Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the 
Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.
3.1.3.3 Notwithstanding the above, if the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred, at the latest on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the amount paid by the Fiduciary on the Postponed Scheduled 
Maturity Date pursuant to Conditions 3.1.3.1 and 3.1.3.2 above, shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical 
Investor would be left with on such fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Scheduled 
Maturity Date as a result of liquidating (pursuant to the provisions above) the Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of 
which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange 
Rate on the fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date, is a 
Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Hypothetical 
Investor under its Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.
For the purposes of this Condition 3.1.3.3:

--- Page 598 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes
598
- 
all references to the word "fourth" in the provision above may be deemed to be a 
reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
rules applicable to the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
3.2
Substitution
The Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the New Fund) having an investment strategy similar 
to the investment strategy of the Fund affected by the event giving rise to the Substitution and (ii) 
may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of 
the Fiduciary under the Notes.

--- Page 599 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
599
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that (i) "Type of Structured Notes" is "Credit Linked Notes" and (ii) "Credit Linked Notes 
Provisions" is "Applicable". If relevant, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether “Additional 
Provisions related to CDS Spread” of Condition 3 apply.
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions may be obtained from the Fiduciary upon request at the address 
and contact details specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
"*" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement".
"**" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement". 
1.
CREDIT EVENT PROVISIONS
1.1
Settlement Method
1.1.1
Physical Settlement
If the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":
1.1.1.1
If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the 
period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and 
including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and a Credit Event Notice and, 
unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery Period 
by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing System for the 
Noteholders' information, then (i) the Fiduciary will no longer be liable for the 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date or on 
the Maturity Date, as the case may be, and will, in full and final satisfaction of 
its obligations hereunder in respect of the redemption of each Note, Deliver or 
procure Delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount to the Noteholders during the 
Physical Settlement Period, subject to the next following paragraphs and the 
cash settlement provisions hereafter and (ii) the Interest Period(s) and/or the 
Interest Calculation Amount shall be as specified in Condition 1.2 below.
If the Physical Delivery Amount is not equal to an authorised denomination (or 
integral multiple thereof) of the Specified Deliverable Obligations then (i) the 
Physical Delivery Amount of Specified Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered 
will be rounded down to the nearest authorised denomination or integral multiple 
thereof, or, if none, to zero, and (ii) in addition to the Delivery of the Physical 
Delivery Amount, the Fiduciary will pay or procure payment of a cash amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the market value of the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered due to such 
rounding.
The Delivery of the Specified Deliverable Obligations or payment of the Cash 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is subject to the prior delivery by or 
on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing System for the Noteholders' 
information, of a Notice of Physical Settlement between the Credit Event 
Determination Date and the Latest Notification Date (both dates inclusive).

--- Page 600 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
600
1.1.1.2
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity, 
the Fiduciary will select the Specified Deliverable Obligations.
1.1.1.3
The Fiduciary will not necessarily Deliver all the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations on the same date and may Deliver Specified Deliverable Obligations 
to different Noteholders on different dates or to the same Noteholder on different 
dates.
1.1.1.4
The Fiduciary is not obliged to Deliver the same type and proportion of 
Deliverable Obligations to each Noteholder and a Noteholder may receive 
various types of Deliverable Obligations.
1.1.1.5
If any or all of the Specified Deliverable Obligations are not eligible for clearance 
by the relevant Clearing System, then the Fiduciary may, upon prior notice to 
the Noteholders, arrange:
(A)
Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations (if any) that are 
eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing System in the relevant 
Clearing System and Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations 
that are not eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing System outside 
the relevant Clearing System; or
(B)
Delivery of all the Specified Deliverable Obligations (whether or not those 
Specified Deliverable Obligations are eligible for clearance) outside the 
relevant Clearing System.
The relevant Clearing System will then be instructed to block and, upon 
confirmation by the Fiduciary that delivery has taken place, cancel the 
Noteholders' positions in its books and the Principal Paying Agent in turn will 
cancel the outstanding Notes. If Delivery is to take place outside the relevant 
Clearing System, the Fiduciary shall have to receive the relevant Noteholders' 
transfer instructions, in terms that are satisfactory to the Fiduciary, sufficiently 
before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date to allow for physical 
settlement, otherwise the cash settlement provisions set out below will apply.
1.1.2
Fallback to Cash Settlement
1.1.2.1
If the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes and if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement" but on the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of the Fiduciary) determines that it is Illegal 
or Impossible for the Fiduciary to Deliver all or part of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations to all or some of the Noteholders or if the Fiduciary does not receive 
transfer instructions as described in the last sentence of Condition 1.1.1.5 
above, then the Calculation Agent will calculate a Cash Redemption Amount, in 
respect of such part of the Specified Deliverable Obligations which are 
Undeliverable Obligations, and the Fiduciary will, on the Cash Redemption 
Date, pay or procure payment of a Cash Redemption Amount to the relevant 
Noteholders in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of the 
Undeliverable Obligations.
1.1.2.2
The Fiduciary must notify the relevant Noteholders through the relevant Clearing 
System that there are Undeliverable Obligations and the reasons why it is Illegal 
or Impossible to Deliver such Specified Deliverable Obligations.
1.1.2.3
If, before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Delivery of all of the Specified Deliverable Obligations 
is Illegal or Impossible, and it deems in good faith that such Delivery is to remain 
Illegal or Impossible until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then 
the Calculation Agent may give notice thereof to the relevant Clearing System

--- Page 601 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
601
for the attention of the Noteholders. The Credit Valuation Date will then be the 
date that is two Business Days after the date on which the Calculation Agent 
delivers such notice to the relevant Clearing System, and the Fiduciary will pay 
the Noteholders a Cash Redemption Amount on the Cash Redemption Date in 
full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of the Undeliverable 
Obligations.
1.1.2.4
If Delivery is partially Illegal or Impossible, the Fiduciary may, for each 
Noteholder, Deliver the Specified Deliverable Obligations and pay a Cash 
Redemption Amount. The Fiduciary shall not be obliged to ensure that each 
Noteholder receives the same type and proportion of Deliverable Obligations 
and the same proportion of Deliverable Obligations and Cash Redemption 
Amount as each other Noteholder.
1.1.2.5
If Condition 1.1.2.1 or Condition 1.1.2.3 above applies, the Fiduciary may 
arrange that all settlements hereunder be made outside the relevant Clearing 
System in the manner described in Condition 1.1.1.5 above provided that the 
Fiduciary receives transfer instructions in terms that are satisfactory to the 
Fiduciary to allow for such settlements.
1.1.2.6
The Calculation Agent will inform the Noteholders via the relevant Clearing 
System of the Cash Redemption Amount by sending a Final Valuation Notice.
1.1.3
Cash Settlement
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement":
1.1.3.1 If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from 
and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date and if a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during 
the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders, then:
(i)
the Fiduciary will no longer be liable for the payment of the Final Redemption Amount 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date or on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, and 
will pay or procure payment of the Cash Redemption Amount (or a formula based 
on the Cash Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the 
Cash Redemption Date (subject as specified in Condition 1.1.3.2 below), in full and 
final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of the redemption of each 
Note, and
(ii)
the Interest Period(s) and/or the Interest Calculation Amount shall be as specified in 
Condition 1.2 below. The Selected Obligations, the Cash Redemption Amount and 
the Cash Redemption Date shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Final Valuation 
Notice on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.
1.1.3.2 In the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, unless Preliminary Cash Redemption is 
specified as "Not Applicable", if an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred, a Preliminary Cash 
Redemption Amount will be payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date and a Residual Cash 
Redemption Amount will be payable on the Maturity Date.
1.1.3.3 For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined later 
than the 180th Business Day following the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date.
1.2
Provisions relating to Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable":
Interest Period means each period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) 
the next Interest Payment Date; provided however that the first Interest Period begins on the Interest

--- Page 602 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
602
Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period remains subject to the provisions of this 
Condition 1.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable":
Interest Period means each period from (and including) an Interest Observation Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Observation Date; provided however that the first Interest Period begins 
on the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period remains subject to the 
provisions of this Condition 1.
1.2.1
Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes
1.2.1.1
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not 
Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions" is "Applicable":
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) 
payable under each Note for each Interest Period shall be equal to the product 
of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Nominal Amount (or the Specified 
Denomination if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is stated as 
being « Guaranteed Coupon » in the applicable Final Terms) and if any (c) the 
applicable Day Count Fraction.
1.2.1.2
If the applicable Final Terms do not specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Applicable" and specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" 
is "Applicable":
The Structured Interest Amount (if any) shall be as specified in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae when the reference of the product is 
included in the clause "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms, 
(except that, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by 
"Nominal Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon"), or as specified in the clause "Structured 
Interest Amount(s)" in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Offer 
Notes.
1.2.1.3
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
"Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions" or "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable":
The Interest Amount payable under each Note on each Interest Payment Date 
shall be equal to the aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect of each 
Interest Period preceding such Interest Payment Date. 
1.2.1.4
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the provisions of paragraphs (a) 
to (l) below:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before 
the first Interest Payment Date) to (but excluding) the Credit Event 
Determination Date, and the last Interest Payment Date will be the 
earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day

--- Page 603 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
603
falling after the Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the Maturity 
Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the 
Credit Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" 
is 
"Accrued 
Interest 
upon 
Credit 
Event" 
and 
(ii) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable":
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before 
the first Interest Payment Date) to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the 
Credit Event Determination Date and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date.
In such event, the last Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of the 
Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day falling after the 
Credit Event Determination Date and the Maturity Date. Provided that, 
if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with 
respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last 
Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. Provided 
further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect 
to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit 
Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity 
Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable 
from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.
(c)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the 
earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit 
Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. No 
interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Credit 
Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment 
Date) to the Maturity Date.
(d)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable":
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the 
earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit 
Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 604 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
604
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last 
Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay 
with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall 
be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date in case of a Credit 
Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment 
Date) to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and 
including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.
(e)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only one 
Interest Period:
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Credit Event Determination 
Date, and the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No 
interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit 
Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date.
(f)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" 
is 
"Accrued 
Interest 
upon 
Credit 
Event", 
(ii) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" 
and (iii there is only one Interest Period:
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Credit 
Event Determination Date and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date.
In such event, the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date.
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date.
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay 
with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the Interest Payment Date shall be 
the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 605 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
605
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit 
Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity 
Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable 
from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.
(g)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only 
one Interest Period:
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, no interest shall 
accrue nor be payable in respect of the Notes.
(h)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" 
is "European Settlement", if the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not 
Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
"Guaranteed Coupon":
The last Interest Period will end on, (but exclude) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and the interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest 
Period on the Specified Denomination in respect of each Note.
(i)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" 
is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the 
Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before 
the first Interest Observation Date) to (but excluding) the Credit Event 
Determination Date, and the last Interest Payment Date will be the 
earlier of the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day 
falling after the Credit Event Determination Date and the Maturity Date. 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit 
Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date.
(j)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) "Repudiation 
/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable":
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the 
Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before 
the first Interest Observation Date) to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) 
the Credit Event Determination Date and (b) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date.
In such event, the last Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of the 
Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day falling after the 
Credit Event Determination Date and the Maturity Date. Provided that, 
if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with 
respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last 
Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. Provided

--- Page 606 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
606
further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect 
to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Credit 
Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity 
Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable 
from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.
(k)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" 
is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the 
earlier of (i) the Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the 
Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
The last Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No interest 
shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Interest 
Observation Date preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest 
Observation Date) to the Maturity Date.
(l)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) "Repudiation 
/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable":
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the 
earlier of (i) the Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the 
Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
The last Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date.
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last 
Interest Payment Date shall be the Maturity Date. 
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay 
with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall 
be the Maturity Date. 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Interest 
Observation Date preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date in case of a Credit 
Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Observation 
Date) to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including 
) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.
1.2.2
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes

--- Page 607 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
607
1.2.2.1
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not 
Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions" is "Applicable":
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) 
payable under each Note for each Interest Period shall be equal to the product 
of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation 
Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the paragraph "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable Final Terms) and 
if any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction.
1.2.2.2
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not 
Applicable" and the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable":
The Structured Interest Amount (if any) shall be as specified in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae when the reference of the product is 
included in the clause "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms 
(except that, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by " 
Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount " in the formula of the 
Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon"), or as 
specified in the clause "Structured Interest Amount(s)" in the applicable Final 
Terms in the case of Exempt Offer Notes.
1.2.2.3
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is 
"Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions" or "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
The Interest Amount payable under each Note on each Interest Payment Date 
shall be equal to the aggregate of the Observed Interest in respect of each 
Interest Period preceding such Interest Payment Date. 
1.2.2.4
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the provisions below.
The last (or if there is only one, the only) Interest Period will end on (but exclude) 
the earlier of the Maturity Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date. The last 
Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date and the Interest Calculation 
Amount will be as specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) below:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
calculated on the fourth Business Day preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and be an amount equal to (i) the sum, for each day of 
such Interest Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation Amount, divided by 
(ii) the number of days in such Interest Period. 
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
an amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount as of the fourth 
Business Day preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date.
(c)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit

--- Page 608 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
608
Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only one 
Interest Period:
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount, calculated on the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date equal to (i) the 
sum, for each day of the Interest Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation 
Amount, divided by (ii) the number of days in the Interest Period. 
(d)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only 
one Interest Period:
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount equal to the Daily 
Interest Calculation Amount as of the fourth Business Day  preceding the 
Interest Payment Date.
(e)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is 
"European Settlement", if the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not 
Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
"Guaranteed Coupon":
Interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest Period on the Specified 
Denomination in respect of each Note.
(f)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Applicable" and the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
"Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
calculated on the relevant Interest Observation Date and be an amount 
equal to (i) the sum, for each day of such Interest Period, of the Daily 
Interest Calculation Amount, divided by (ii) the number of days in such 
Interest Period. 
(g)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Applicable" and the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
"No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event":
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be 
an amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount as of the 
relevant Interest Observation Date.
1.2.3
Common provisions to Single Name Notes, First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, except in the case of a Guaranteed Coupon, if a Notice of 
Pending Credit Event is delivered to the Noteholders, payment of interest on the Notes, or, 
in the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, on the portion of the Interest Calculation 
Amount relating to the relevant Reference Entity, will be deferred until:
(A)
if a Credit Event Notice is delivered in relation to the relevant event, the Maturity 
Date, or in the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or the Maturity Date, as the case may be; or
(B)
the date that is 10 Payment Business Days following the publication of a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement; or
(C)
if no DC No Credit Event Announcement is published and no Credit Event Notice is 
delivered in relation to the relevant event, the date that is 100 Business Days + 10

--- Page 609 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
609
Payment Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (all as 
defined in Condition 2 below).
For the avoidance of doubt, (x) should a Credit Event Determination Date occur within an 
Interest Period but the relevant Credit Event Notice is delivered (i) less than four Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and the Fiduciary’s payment instructions 
have already been given in respect of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, 
or (ii) during a subsequent Interest Period and the Fiduciary has paid an amount of interest 
prior to such delivery in excess of the amount due in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 1.2, then the Fiduciary may deduct the amount of overpaid interest from (i) the 
next interest amount(s) (if any) due under the Notes (only in respect of Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes), and/or (ii) the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption 
Amount (or Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be), 
whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being in each case floored at zero); and 
(y) if payment of interest is deferred following the delivery of a Notice of Pending Credit Event, 
no additional interest will be payable on the Suspended Amounts for the period of the 
deferral.
1.3
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring in the period from and including the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, if M(M)R Restructuring is 
applicable, the following provisions apply:
1.3.1
Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American 
Settlement":
1.3.1.1
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to 
such Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the 
Partial Redemption Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding 
of each Note immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In 
such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 or Condition 1.2 shall be 
deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption Amount only and each such Note 
shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial 
Redemption Amount) (and for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the 
effect of the Principal Credit Factor on the redemption amount);
1.3.1.2
for the avoidance of doubt (i) the Nominal Amount of each such Note not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and, if applicable, interest shall 
accrue on the Nominal Amount outstanding of such Note as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate) and (ii) the provisions of Condition 1.1 or 
Condition 1.2 shall apply to such Nominal Amount outstanding of such Note in 
the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of a 
Reference Entity; and
1.3.1.3
on redemption of part of each Note, the relevant Note or, if the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to reflect 
such partial redemption.
For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Note in 
respect of which no Credit Event Notice has been delivered during the Notice 
Delivery Period (and, if applicable, no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date), will be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 610 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
610
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is stated 
as being "European Settlement":
1.3.1.4
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to 
such Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the 
Partial Redemption Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding 
of each Note immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In 
such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 or Condition 1.2 shall apply 
to the Partial Redemption Amount; and
1.3.1.5
for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Condition 1.1 or Condition 1.2 shall 
apply to the Nominal Amount of each Note outstanding after reduction by such 
Partial Redemption Amount in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices 
are delivered in respect of a Reference Entity.
1.3.2
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes
(a)
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial 
Restructuring Notional Amount) that is less than the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the relevant Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1.3 shall 
apply to the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount instead of the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount; and
(b)
For the avoidance of doubt, following such Restructuring, the provisions of these 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes shall apply in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity with such Reference Entity's Reference Entity Weighting 
being reduced by the ratio of the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount divided by 
the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. In the event of the occurrence of further 
Restructurings with respect to such Reference Entity, the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount will be further reduced by the relevant Partial Restructuring 
Notional Amount.
1.4
Multiple Successors
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Single Name 
Notes" and if "Multiple Successor(s)" is "Applicable" the following provisions shall apply:
Where, pursuant to the definition of Successor (see Condition 2 below), more than one Successor 
has been identified, each such Successor (a Multiple Successor) shall be a Reference Entity for 
the purposes of these Conditions, but only in respect of a principal amount of each Note equal to the 
Nominal Amount divided by the number of Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity (the 
Multiple Successor Notional Amount) as determined by the Calculation Agent (for the avoidance 
of doubt, without prejudice to the effect of the Principal Credit Factor on the redemption amount). 
Where Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity (each, a Sub-Multiple Successor) have been 
identified in respect of a Reference Entity (an Original Multiple Successor") that is itself a Multiple 
Successor, each such Sub-Multiple Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of these 
Conditions, but the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in respect of a Sub-Multiple Successor shall 
be equal to the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in respect of such Original Multiple Successor 
divided by the number of Sub-Multiple Successors to such Original Multiple Successor. Following the 
delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, in respect of a Multiple Successor, the Notes will 
not be redeemed in whole but an amount shall be deliverable or, as the case may be, payable in 
respect of each Note (an Instalment Amount) which amount shall be determined in the same 
manner, mutatis mutandis, as the Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Redemption Amount that would 
otherwise have been determined in respect of such a Credit Event in relation to the original Reference 
Entity, except that it shall be in respect of a principal amount of each Note equal to the relevant 
Multiple Successor Notional Amount only. The date of delivery or payment, as the case may be, of 
any such Instalment Amount (an Instalment Date) shall be determined in the same manner, mutatis

--- Page 611 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
611
mutandis, as the Physical Settlement Date or Cash Redemption Date that would otherwise have 
been determined in respect of such a Credit Event in relation to the original Reference Entity. 
The provisions of Condition 1.2 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to determine the amount of interest 
that would otherwise have been determined following the occurrence of such a Credit Event in 
relation to the original Reference Entity, except that it shall be in respect of a principal amount of 
each Note equal to the relevant Multiple Successor Notional Amount only. 
More than one Instalment Amount may be delivered or payable on the same day in respect of different 
Multiple Successors, but not more than one Credit Event Notice may be delivered in relation to a 
single Multiple Successor unless a Restructuring occurs in relation to a Multiple Successor, in which 
case the provisions of Condition 1.3 will apply in respect of each such Multiple Successor. Upon the 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the identity of Multiple Successors, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the modifications required to be made to these Conditions and any other related 
documents, to preserve substantially the economic effect for a Noteholder of a holding of the Notes 
and the Fiduciary shall use its reasonable endeavours to effect such modifications.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement":
Following delivery or payment of an Instalment Amount in respect of a Credit Event relating to a 
Multiple Successor, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Note shall be correspondingly reduced 
by the proportion of such principal amount so redeemed and, if applicable, interest on each Note 
shall accrue on the reduced Nominal Amount of each Note from the date on which it would otherwise 
have ceased to accrue following delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information in relation to the 
original Reference Entity.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement":
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the outstanding Nominal 
Amount of each Note shall be correspondingly reduced by the proportion of such principal amount 
and, if applicable, interest on each Note shall accrue on the reduced Nominal Amount of each Note 
from the date on which it would otherwise have ceased to accrue following delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information in relation to the original Reference Entity.
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Single Name 
Notes" and if the clause "Multiple Successor(s)" is "Not Applicable" the following provisions shall 
apply:
(a)
In case of Secured Notes,
If “Type of Notes” is “Secured Notes” in the applicable Final Terms, should more than one Successor 
succeed to the Reference Entity and a Credit Event occurs in respect of any one of them, the Notes 
will be redeemed in whole in accordance with the "Settlement Method" specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as if the Type of Credit Linked Notes was specified as "First-to-Default Notes" in the 
applicable Final Terms.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 1.4 will not apply to First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes 
and Tranche Notes.
(b)
In case of Repack Notes, 
If “Type of Notes” is “Repack Notes” in the applicable Final Terms, 
Should (i) more than one Successor succeeds to the Reference Entity and a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs in respect of one of them, or should (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Credit Event the Credit Event Notice specifies a Partial Redemption Amount 
that is less than the Specified Denomination,

--- Page 612 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
612
then, the Notes will be redeemed in whole in accordance with the applicable Settlement Method  and 
the Fiduciary will pay an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in 
General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
1.5
Notification of Potential Failure to Pay 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Failure to Pay, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiduciary, or any entity acting on its behalf, shall use its reasonable endeavours to notify the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practical of such occurrence, pursuant to General Condition 12 
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
1.6
Partial Redemption and Further Issues 
Following any partial redemption of the Notes (pursuant to General Condition 6 of the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) or any further issue (pursuant to General Condition 13.1 of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes), each of the following amounts will be multiplied by the ratio of 
(i) the number of Notes in circulation after such partial redemption or further issue divided by (ii) the 
number of Notes in circulation just before such partial redemption or further issue:
(A)
for Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, the Aggregate Nominal Amount;
(B)
for Basket Notes which are not Tranche Notes, (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount, (ii) the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount and (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount; 
(C)
for Tranche Notes, (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount, (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount, (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount, (iv) the Tranche Notional Amount and (v) the 
Tranche Subordination Amount.
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount the calculation of which depends on the above 
amounts will be re-calculated accordingly.
1.7
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law, Merger of a Reference Entity 
and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, Consequences and Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date
1.7.1
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
1.7.2
Change in Law
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
1.7.3
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates means, in 
respect of Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes or Basket Notes, that (i) Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all its assets to, a Reference Entity or (ii) a Reference Entity 
consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its 
assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe Generale or any of its 
Affiliates and a Reference Entity become Affiliates.
1.7.4
Consequences
Upon the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the fourth 
Business Day before the Maturity Date of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of

--- Page 613 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
613
Hedging, Change in Law, or a Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of 
its Affiliates, then the Calculation Agent may decide, to either:
(A)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event 
occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or 
cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as 
defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes; or
(B)
if the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law and/or Merger 
of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates is applicable to 
one or several affected Reference Entities (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)), 
replace the Affected Reference Entity(ies) by a new reference entity (or new 
reference entities, as relevant) which is (respectively are each) a Similar Reference 
Entity; or
(C)
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 
of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; 
or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging:
(D)
deduct:
(i)
from the Interest Amount (if any) due under the Notes on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, 
the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, 
that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by 
Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions 
hedging the payment obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes, such 
amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the 
Reduction Amount); PROVIDED THAT if on an Interest Payment Date on 
which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest Amount, the 
Reduction Amount in respect of each Note is greater than the Interest 
Amount due under each Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction 
Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount will be 
reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the 
Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) will be 
deducted from the Interest Amount due on one or more of the following 
Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been 
deducted in whole or in part on the last Interest Payment Date under the 
Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount will be deducted from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if 
any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount 
(or Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may 
be), whichever comes first (the reduction of such deduction being floored at 
zero); or
(ii)
in the absence of any Interest Amount under the Notes, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if 
any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any), due under the Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), 
whichever comes first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption 
Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount (or Cash 
Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be) due 
on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being 
floored at zero).

--- Page 614 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
614
Following the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
or a Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Fiduciary, which shall in its turn notify the Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of 
General Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the relevant adjustment 
made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken 
may be obtained by the Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address.
Definitions applicable to this Condition:
Similar Reference Entity means a reference entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or 
an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available), and to the extent possible as secondary criteria 
geographic and Transaction Type proximity. For the purposes of this definition Rating means the 
senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody’s France S.A.S, S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited  and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, it being understood 
that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be 
taken into consideration.
1.8
Additional provisions relating to certain specific Reference Entities
1.8.1
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Argentine Republic"
If "Argentine Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a 
Bond that was issued on or prior to June 1, 2005 (other than any Bond constituting a New 
Security (as defined in the Prospectus Supplement of the Republic of Argentina dated 
January 10, 2005, as the same may be amended or supplemented)) shall not be considered 
as an Obligation. 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in 
Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to June 1, 2005 
(other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus 
Supplement of the Republic of Argentina dated January 10, 2005, as the same may be 
amended or supplemented)) shall not be considered as a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected 
Obligation]*. 
1.8.2
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Hellenic Republic"
If "Hellenic Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is of a 
type included in Borrowed Money obligation Category and that was issued or incurred, as 
the case may be, on or prior to February 1, 2012 shall not be considered as an Obligation. 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in 
Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a Bond or a Loan that was issued or incurred, as 
the case may be, on or prior to February 1, 2012 shall not be an considered as a [Deliverable 
Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*. 
1.8.3
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Republic of Hungary"
If "Republic of Hungary" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:

--- Page 615 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
615
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2, "Obligation" shall also include 
any National Bank of Hungary Obligation for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms 
where: 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary 
(either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor,
(i)
which has the Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely for 
such purpose the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if 
the National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference 
Obligation has been specified; 
(ii)
which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; 
(iii)
which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; and
(iv)
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as 
defined below) will cause any obligation of the Republic of Hungary in 
respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money to become, with the 
lapse of any grace period and subject to any other requirements under the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the 
amounts of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation. 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in 
Condition 2 below, ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* shall also include any 
[National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary Selected 
Obligation]* for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms where: 
[National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary 
Selected Obligation]* means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly 
or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor:
(i)
which has the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristic]* "Not Subordinated", where solely for such purpose the 
definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National Bank 
of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has 
been specified;
(ii)
which is described by the [Deliverable Obligation Category]** [Selected 
Obligation Category]* specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; 
(iii)
which has each of the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected 
Obligation Characteristics]* specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; 
and 
(iv)
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as 
defined below) will cause any obligation(s) of the Republic of Hungary in 
respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money, to become, with the 
lapse of any grace period and subject to any other requirements under the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the 
amounts of such default), immediately due and payable, pursuant to the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation.
Event of Default means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or obligor or 
guarantor of the relevant obligation, to make, when due any payment of principal or premium 
or prepayment charge or interest, if any, on such obligation.

--- Page 616 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
616
For the purposes only of construing the terms "National Bank of Hungary Obligation", 
"National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation" and "National Bank of Hungary Selected 
Obligation", the National Bank of Hungary either directly or as provider or a Relevant 
Guarantee) shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity.
1.8.4
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Russian Federation"
If "Russian Federation" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, "IANs", "MinFins" or "PRINs" shall not be an 
"Obligation". 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in 
Condition 2 below, any obligation that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
"IANs", MinFins" or "PRINs" shall not be a ["Deliverable Obligation" ]** ["Selected 
Obligation"]*. 
IANs means floating rate interest notes due 2002 and 2015 issued by Vnesheconombank of 
the USSR pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange Agreement, dated as 
of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and the 
Participating Creditors named therein. 
MinFins (also known as "OVVZs" or "Taiga" bonds) means Internal Government Hard 
Currency Bonds issued by the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation representing (i) 
restructured debt of the former USSR (Series II, III, IV, V and VIII) or (ii) debt of the Russian 
Federation issued in 1996 (Series VI and VII). 
PRINs means Vnesheconombank’s loans arising under a Restructuring Agreement and an 
Exchange Agreement dated as of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, 
the Closing Agent and the Participating Creditors named therein. 
1.8.5
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
"STMicroelectronics N.V."
If "STMicroelectronics N.V." is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, 
the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:
1.8.5.1
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is 
"Cash Settlement":
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 
1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 2013 issued by 
STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Selected Obligation; and such Selected Obligation 
is not immediately due and payable as of the relevant Credit Valuation Date, for 
the purpose of determining the Quotation Amount of such Selected Obligation 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Selected Obligation shall be deemed 
to be the amount payable on the scheduled maturity date of such Selected 
Obligation.
1.8.5.2
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is 
"Physical Settlement":
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 
1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 2013 issued by 
STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Specified Deliverable Obligation; and such 
Specified Deliverable Obligation is not immediately due and payable as of the 
date where such Specified Deliverable Obligation is Delivered, the Outstanding

--- Page 617 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
617
Principal Balance of such Specified Deliverable Obligation shall be deemed to 
be the amount payable on the scheduled maturity date of such Specified 
Deliverable Obligation.
1.8.6
Additional Provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Republic of Ukraine"
If "Republic of Ukraine" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity 
shall be an "Excluded Obligation".
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any 
obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to November 1, 2015 shall 
be an ["Excluded Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*.
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected 
Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued 
on or prior to November 1, 2015 shall be an ["Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*.
1.8.7
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or an Underlying Obligor is a "Covered 
Reference Entity" (as defined below), the following provisions will apply:
1.8.7.1
Covered Reference Entity means:
(a) 
República Bolivariana de Venezuela (Venezuela);
(b) 
Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. (PdVSA);
(c) 
any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of Venezuela, 
including the Central Bank of Venezuela and PdVSA; and
(d) 
any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity 
referred to in Condition 1.8.7.1(a) to (c) above.
1.8.7.2
Order means the Executive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017 "Imposing 
Additional Sanctions With Respect to the Situation in Venezuela" or subsequent 
executive order, legislation, regulation or similar action implemented by the 
United States Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) imposing a sanction on 
debt of a Covered Reference Entity (an Order).
18.7.3
Subject to Condition 1.8.7.4 below, Restricted Debt means:
(a)
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of 
greater than 90 days of PdVSA;
(b)
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of 
greater than 30 days of a Covered Reference Entity, other than debt of 
PdVSA covered by Condition 1.8.7.3(a) herein;
(c)
bonds issued by a Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and
(d)
any other debt that is covered by an Order.
1.8.7.4
Any debt that would be Restricted Debt pursuant to Condition 1.8.7.3 above 
shall not be Restricted Debt if it is:

--- Page 618 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
618
(a)
subject to an exception to an Order, by license, FAQ or other interpretive 
statement by OFAC; or
(b)
specified in OFAC’s General License 3 to the Order (Authorizing 
Transactions Related to, Provision of Financing for, and Other Dealings 
in Certain Bonds).
1.8.7.5 
Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a 
Covered Reference Entity, notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in 
Condition 2 below, any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall be an "Excluded 
Obligation".
1.8.7.6
Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a 
Covered Reference Entity, notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable 
Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]*, any obligation that is Restricted Debt 
shall be an ["Excluded Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected 
Obligation"]*.
1.8.7.7
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine whether any 
debt is subject to an exception to the definition of Restricted Debt pursuant to 
Condition 1.8.7.4(a) above or whether all sanctions have been lifted pursuant to 
Conditions 1.8.7.5 and 1.8.7.6 above."
1.8.8
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a 
"Monoline Insurer" 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline Insurer" (as defined below), 
then the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity:
1.8.8.1
Specific Definitions 
Monoline Insurer means the entities (i) listed in the Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entities document published by ISDA on August 31, 2010 which Current 
Reference Entity Name (as such term is defined in this document) is ACA 
Financial Guaranty Corporation, Ambac Assurance Corporation, Assured 
Guaranty Corp., CDC IXIS Financial Guaranty North America, Inc, Financial 
Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp., 
MBIA Insurance Corporation, Radian Asset Assurance Inc., Syncora Guarantee 
Inc or any Successor of the aforementioned or (ii) added to the list in (i) above 
by any document published by ISDA which would modify and/or cancel and 
replace the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document.
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar 
financial guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees 
or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below) of an instrument that 
constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the Insured 
Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) 
is the obligor (the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any 
arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal 
arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than the payment of Instrument Payments). Whether Cash Settlement or 
Physical Settlement is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in particular for 
the purpose of the determination of Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** 
[Selected Obligation]* in Condition 1.8.8.2 below, the benefit of a Qualifying 
Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the 
Insured Instrument.

--- Page 619 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
619
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is 
in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) 
the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the 
Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to 
a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the 
scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) (1) 
determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions of the type 
described in Condition 1.8.8.4 below and (2) excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early 
redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy).
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit 
principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed 
principal investment.
1.8.8.2
Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*
For the purposes of subparagraph (A) of the definition of "Obligation" in 
Condition 2 below and subparagraph (B) of the definition of "[Deliverable 
Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*" in Condition 2 below, the definition of 
Relevant Guarantee is amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee". 
1.8.8.3
Interpretation of Provisions
In the event that an Obligation or a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected 
Obligation]* is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of the second part of the definition 
of "Qualifying Guarantee" in Condition 2 below, starting with "If an Obligation", 
will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation 
and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured 
Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that:
(i)
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category 
and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* Category Bond shall 
be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument 
in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* Category 
Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the 
terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes in respect of such an Insured 
Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii)
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required 
Loan" in Condition 2 below to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be 
deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively;
(iii)
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on 
the relevant date the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected 
Obligation Characteristic]* of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that 
characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms;
(iv)
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan or Transferable 
[Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics]** 
[Selected 
Obligation 
Characteristics]* are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part

--- Page 620 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
620
of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be 
transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument;
(v)
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as 
such term is used in the Maximum Maturity [Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]*, shall mean the 
specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur; and
(vi)
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the 
Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or [Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]*, if applicable. 
1.8.8.4
Outstanding Principal Balance
References in the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 
below to a Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor 
shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the 
Insured Obligor respectively. Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting 
recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified 
assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the 
amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instrument shall 
be disregarded for the purpose of paragraph (ii)(B) of the definition of 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 below, provided that such 
provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and 
the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the 
Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any 
such limitation or reduction.
1.8.8.5
Deliver
For purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Condition 2 below, "Deliver" with 
respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the 
Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt 
issued by an internationally recognized custodian representing an interest in 
such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" 
and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly.
1.8.8.6
Provisions for Determining a Successor
Sub-sections (A), (D) and (F) of the definition of "Successor" in Condition 2 
below are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after each 
occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Sub-section (F) of the definition of 
"Successor" in Condition 2 below is amended by adding "or provider of a 
Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or guarantors".
1.8.8.7
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation 
and Substitution Event
The definitions of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" and "Substitution Event" in Condition 2 below are hereby 
amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee".
1.8.8.8
Restructuring
(a)
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with

--- Page 621 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
621
respect thereto, part (A)(1) to (5) in the definition of "Restructuring" of 
Condition 2 below is amended to read as follows:
(1)
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments 
described in clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including 
by way of redenomination);
(2)
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(y) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of 
redenomination);
(3)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) 
the payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" or (B) the 
payment of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of 
the definition of "Instrument Payment", in each case that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(4)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (A) any Obligation 
under a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, 
causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation or (B) any Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument 
in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for 
this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments 
provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or
(5)
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy 
to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (which, in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).
(b)
Subparagraph (B)(4) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 2 
below is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
"the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above in circumstances where 
such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is 
required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency 
and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority or a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or, in the case of 
Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the 
Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments 
would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change in 
the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy".

--- Page 622 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
622
(c)
Paragraphs (C), (D) and (E) of the definition of "Restructuring" in 
Condition 2 below are deleted in their entirety and replaced by the 
following: 
"(C)
For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless 
Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below and the definition of 
Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is 
acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and 
an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) 
above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity.
(D)
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one 
of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above 
has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such exchange.
(E)
For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless 
Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below and the definition of 
Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is 
acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying 
Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference 
Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Insured Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in 
paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(F)
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (E) above, the occurrence 
of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring 
unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple 
Holder Obligation."
1.8.8.9
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the 
requirements of the relevant definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy 
is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying 
Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument. References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the 
insurer and insuring, respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term 
"final maturity date", as such term is used in the definitions of "Mod R", "Mod 
Mod R" and "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" in Condition 2 below, shall 
mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, 
as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur.
1.8.8.10
Other Provisions
For purposes of the definitions of "Prohibited Action", "Credit Event" and 
"Deliver" in Condition 2 below, references to the Underlying Obligation and the 
Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and the

--- Page 623 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
623
Insured Obligor, respectively. Any transfer or similar fee reasonably incurred by 
the Fiduciary or Societe Generale in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying 
Policy and payable to the Reference Entity in respect thereof shall be deducted 
from the [Physical Delivery Amount]** [Cash Redemption Amount]* equally on 
the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Cash Redemption Date]*. 
1.8.9
Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the "2014 CoCo Supplement" is applicable
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "2014 CoCo Supplement" is applicable to the 
Transaction Type with respect to a Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply 
with respect to such Reference Entity:
1.8.9.1
Additional definitions
Condition 2 below is hereby amended by the addition of the following new 
definitions:
CoCo Provision means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which 
requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal 
payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger 
Percentage.
Trigger Percentage means the trigger percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.).
Capital Ratio means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to 
the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time.
1.8.9.2
Other Provisions
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a 
Governmental Intervention for all purposes under these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.  
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more 
CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount 
of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or 
another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental 
Intervention within the meaning of Condition 2 below.
1.8.10 Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify that "No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable to the 
Transaction Type with respect to a Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply 
with respect to such Reference Entity:
it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond nor Prior Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, exists with respect to such Reference Entity (even if such a Package Observable 
Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation, as per Condition 2 below, has been published by ISDA 
or specified by the Calculation Agent), and, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto.

--- Page 624 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
624
1.8.11 Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is 
applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to a Reference Entity, then the following 
provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity:
1.8.11.1
Additional definitions
Condition 2 below is hereby amended by the addition of the following new 
definitions:
Senior Non-Preferred Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, 
that the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Senior Non-Preferred 
Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to such 
Reference Entity. A Senior Non-Preferred Transaction shall constitute a 
Subordinated Transaction as defined in Condition 2 below.
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference 
Entity which is Subordinated (as defined in Condition 2 below) only to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligations of the Reference Entity but not 
further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks 
above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which 
would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a 
Subordinated Obligation as defined in Condition 2 below.
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means (without limitation), in respect of 
a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation, (i) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are 
Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above. A 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further Subordinated 
Obligation for the purposes of Condition 2 below.
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity 
which meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may 
be amended or replaced from time to time (the CRR) or which are (or were at 
any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR.
Subordination means as defined in Condition 2 below and such term shall be 
applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation 
is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any 
characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of 
any relevant jurisdiction.
1.8.11.2
Other provisions
Paragraph (a) of the definition "Reference Obligation" in Condition 2 below is 
amended by adding "provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-
Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is 
specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed 
to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred 
Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the 
SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified 
on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation

--- Page 625 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
625
applicable to the Reference Entity and such previously specified Senior Non-
Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be 
deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation" after "if any".
The definition "Seniority Level" in Condition 2 below is deleted and replaced 
with the following wording: "Seniority Level" means Senior Non-Preferred Level.
1.9
No Frustration
In the absence of other reasons, performance of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes 
will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or 
otherwise) solely because:
(a)
a Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Issue 
Date; and/or
(b)
Obligations, 
[Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** 
Obligations, 
Specified 
Deliverable 
Obligations or Reference Obligations do not exist on, or cease to exist on or 
following, the Issue Date.
1.10
Timing
Subject to the paragraph below and the provisions relating to Notices set out herein, in order 
to determine the day on which an event occurs, the demarcation of days shall be made by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time 
zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have 
occurred immediately prior to midnight.
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on 
the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be 
deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates 
to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment.
1.11
Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension at the option of the Fiduciary
1.11.1
Specific Definitions
Reference Entities Switch means, with respect to the Reference Portfolio 
comprising a given Markit index components as Reference Entity(ies) as described 
in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” of the applicable Final Terms (the initial 
Reference Portfolio), the replacement of any components of the initial Reference 
Portfolio by the components of the Amended Reference Portfolio, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
Amended Reference Portfolio means the portfolio comprising the Reference 
Entities, as determined by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of the 
Reference Entities Switch, provided that the Amended Reference Portfolio shall 
always refer to the same Markit index family (but a different Serie) than the initial 
Reference Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Maturity Extension means the extension, if any, of the Maturity Date or Scheduled 
Maturity Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final terms 
(respectively the initial Maturity Date or the initial Scheduled Maturity Date) by up to 
7 calendar months (respectively the Amended Maturity Date or the Amended 
Scheduled Maturity Date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
1.11.2
Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension

--- Page 626 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
626
With respect to Tranche Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause “Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension at the option of the 
Fiduciary” is “Applicable” the Notes are subject to, from and including the Issue Date 
to and including the day falling 1 calendar year after the Issue Date, (i) Reference 
Entities Switch and/or (ii) Maturity Extension, at the option of the Fiduciary, upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders, in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) 
of the General Terms and Conditions pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date for the Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity 
Extension).
If a Notice of Pending Credit Event or a Credit Event Notice, in respect of the initial 
Reference Portfolio, has been delivered prior to, or is delivered to the Noteholders 
on the same day as, or after, any such notice of Reference Entities Switch and/or 
Maturity Extension, the latter will prevail and any previously delivered Notice of 
Pending Credit Event or Credit Event Notice shall be deemed to be void and of no 
effect.
A revised Reference Entity, Amended Reference Portfolio, Amended Maturity Date 
or Amended Scheduled Maturity Date (as the case may be) will be deemed a 
Reference Entity, Reference Portfolio, Maturity Date or Scheduled Maturity Date 
respectively.
1.12
Amendments to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
The Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
from time to time amend any provision of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes and/or the applicable Final Terms (i) to incorporate and/or reflect and/or take 
account of (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by 
ISDA with respect to credit derivative transactions which may, without limitation, relate to one 
or more Reference Entities or Reference Entity types and/or the settlement of credit 
derivative transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by any Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is necessary or 
desirable (including from the perspective of Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) to reflect 
or account for market practice for credit derivatives transactions and/or to eliminate or 
account for any provisions of the Hedge Positions with the aim of ensuring no mismatch or 
discrepancy between rights and obligations under the Hedge Positions and under the Notes. 
Such amendments may include, without limitation, varying any date or timing or procedures 
provided for in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes and/or the 
applicable Final Terms. PROVIDED THAT, subject as set out in the next paragraph of this 
Condition 1.12, such amendments may not include changes to the currency of the Notes, 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, the Final Redemption Amount payable on the 
Notes or the Maturity Date of the Notes.  
In the event that such amendments lead to a revised Reference Entity then a Credit Event 
may be triggered on such revised Reference Entity and the consequential provisions of these 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes will apply in the usual manner.
Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph will be notified to Noteholders pursuant to 
the provisions of General Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
2.
DEFINITIONS
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws.

--- Page 627 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
627
Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event means No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event or Accrued 
Interest upon Credit Event or Guaranteed Coupon as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Accrued Interest upon Credit Event means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon 
Credit Event".
Additional LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an LPN) by an entity 
(the LPN Issuer) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (A) finance a loan to 
the Reference Entity (the Underlying Loan); or (B) provide finance to the Reference Entity by way 
of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the Underlying Finance Instrument); 
provided that, (i) either (a) in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity; 
or (b) in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the 
Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic 
Currency Obligation Characteristics; (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics or Selected Obligation Characteristics (as applicable): Transferable, Not Bearer, 
Specified Currency- Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over 
or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations 
List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Issue Date, which list 
is currently available at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) or as stipulated in 
the applicable Final Terms.
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned.
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time:
(a)
for a Basket Note that is not a Tranche Note, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect 
of all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; 
or
(b)
for a Tranche Note, the lowest of:
(i)
the Tranche Notional Amount; and
(ii)
the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss 
Amount for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount.
American Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Type specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is "American Settlement".
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, 
paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or 
capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists).
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package

--- Page 628 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
628
Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of 
Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, 
receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero.
Asset Package Credit Event means:
(a)
(i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) if 
Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention, a Restructuring in respect of 
the Reference Obligation; and
(b)
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice.
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the First Credit Event Occurrence Date or such later date 
determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Position, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event.
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if 
such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation Characteristic Assignable Loan is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category.
Attachment Point means in respect of Tranche Notes, the number (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Auction has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms.
Auction Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the Final Value will be determined by reference to the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.
Automatic Early Redemption Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day and that is the 
later of:
(1)
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date); or
(2)
the day that is four Payment Business Days  following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt 
Date, or in relation to Basket Notes and to Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation 
Notice Receipt Date if a Credit Event Notice is delivered on or before the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date; or
(3)
where applicable, the later of the two following dates:

--- Page 629 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
629
(a)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to 
the relevant Reference Entity:
the day that is four Payment Business Days  following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche 
Notes, following the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, if:
(1)
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date;
(2)
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied;
(3)
such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the relevant 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; and
(4)
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
is delivered on or prior to such fourth Payment Business Day; and
(b)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to 
the relevant Reference Entity:
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, 
in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last 
Grace Period Extension Date, if:
(1)
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date;
(2)
such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date; and
(3)
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered 
on or prior to such fourth  Payment Business Day; or
(4)
where applicable, the later of the two following dates:
(a)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to 
the relevant Reference Entity:
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche 
Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, if:
(1)
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date;
(2)
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied;
(3)
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium  falls after the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; and
(4)
a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is 
delivered on or prior the day that is four Payment Business Days  following 
such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and
(b)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to 
the relevant Reference Entity:
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche 
Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, if

--- Page 630 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
630
(1)
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date;
(2)
the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the Potential Failure to Pay falls 
after the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; and
(3)
a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered 
on or prior to the day that is four Payment Business Days following such 
Grace Period Extension Date.
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference 
Entity is delivered prior to the Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date (or, where 
applicable, prior to the day that is four Payment Business Days following (a) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation 
Date 
relating 
to 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the relevant 
Potential Failure to Pay) and is still effective on the Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption 
Date (or, where applicable, on the day that is four Payment Business Days following (a) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation 
Date 
relating 
to 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the relevant 
Potential Failure to Pay), the Automatic Early Redemption Date will be either the date on 
which the Suspended Amounts are paid to the Noteholders or, if a Credit Event Notice 
relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, the day that is four 
Payment Business Days following the related Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity:
(a)
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);
(b)
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due;
(c)
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective;
(d)
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof;
(e)
has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger);
(f)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets;
(g)
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter; or

--- Page 631 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
631
(h)
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to (G) 
(inclusive) of this definition of Bankruptcy.
Basket Note means a Credit Linked Note indexed on several Reference Entities for which the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Basket Notes".
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money obligation Category that is in 
the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money.
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan.
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit).
Business Day means, the days specified in the applicable Final Terms [and solely for the purposes 
of physical settlement, if applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in which a bank must be open in 
order to effect settlement of any Deliverable Obligations being Delivered]**.
Cash Redemption Amount means:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
In respect of each Note for which physical settlement is partially or totally Illegal or 
Impossible, an amount equal to the sum of each Cash Redemption Amount per 
Undeliverable Obligation; or
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement":
(1)
In respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes where the Principal 
Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, 
subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by 
the Nominal Amount of each Note, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit 
Event Determination Date ; or 
(2)
In respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes where the Principal 
Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, 
subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor 
and (ii) the Nominal Amount of each Note, minus the product of (a) the Nominal 
Amount of each Note, (b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference between 
the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the 
Credit Event Determination Date; or
(3)
In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and 
the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum 
of zero, equal for each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the 
aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date; or
(4)
In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal for each Note to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor 
and (ii) the difference between (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the 
Aggregate Loss Amount and (y) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in 
respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date.

--- Page 632 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
632
Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation means, in respect of one Note and an 
Undeliverable Obligation, the product of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation and (ii) the final price of such Undeliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with the Quotation Dealers Method (save as provided below), 
divided by the number of Notes in respect of which there are such Undeliverable Obligation.
For the avoidance of doubt, where Illegal or Impossible is due to the inability to purchase the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations despite the Fiduciary's reasonable efforts, the final price of the Undeliverable 
Obligation will be determined in accordance with the Auction Method. If no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms are published on or prior to the Credit Valuation Date, such final price will be 
deemed to be zero.
Cash Redemption Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement":
The day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt 
Date, or in relation to Basket Notes and to Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation 
Notice Receipt Date.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
The later of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business 
Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.
Cash Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Method specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is "Cash Settlement".
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
A Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being 
assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person 
being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, 
as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, 
provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant 
obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is 
required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable 
Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation 
be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent 
for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for 
purposes of the definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation.
Where Mod Mod R applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is 
required to novate, assign or transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a 
reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of 
that reason), or is not received by the Physical Settlement Date (in which case it shall be 
deemed to have been refused), the cash settlement provisions described in Condition 1 
above shall apply.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
A Selected Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being 
assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person 
being required, in the case of any Selected Obligation other than Bonds and in each case,

--- Page 633 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
633
as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, 
provided, however, that a Selected Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of a Selected Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant 
obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Selected Obligation) or any agent is 
required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Selected 
Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Selected Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a 
Selected Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
the definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation.
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
any Hedge Positions]*.
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the 
relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. If the 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Consent Required Loan is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
had 
been 
specified 
as 
a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans (and shall only be 
relevant if Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category).
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA 
pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited 
to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event and the establishment of the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms) in connection with "Credit Derivative Transactions" as more fully 
described in the DC Rules.
Credit Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
occurrence during the period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and 
including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, 
Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon:
(a)
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation;
(b)
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described;
(c)
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or
(d)
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described.
A Credit Event need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date.

--- Page 634 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
634
Credit Event Determination Date means, in relation to a Credit Event, the date specified in the 
related Credit Event Notice, which date will be, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (a) the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date in respect of such Credit Event; (b) such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including 
without limitation, by reference to Hedge Positions; or (c) if no such date is specified, the date the 
Credit Event Notice is delivered. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice that is effective during the Notice Delivery Period 
delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders that describes a Credit Event that 
occurred on or prior to the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. A Credit Event Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Credit Event has 
occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of a Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the 
Credit Event Determination Date. Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information.
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on 
which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly 
Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
Credit Linked Note means a Note in respect of which these Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes and the Credit Linked Notes Provisions in the applicable Final Terms apply. 
Credit Valuation Date means:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the 
clause "Final Value" is "Fixed Recovery":
The date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for 
the information of the Noteholders.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
The date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
subject, as the case may be, to Condition 1.1.2.3. PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent 
is unable to determine the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation on the Credit Valuation 
Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date), the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, 
within the fifteen (15) Business Days' period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, on 
which the Calculation Agent is able to determine such final price.
(c)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the 
clause "Final Value" is "Floating Recovery":
(1)
If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Auction Method, the auction date 
or any other date specified by the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms; 
or
(2)
If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Quotation Dealers Method, the 
Calculation Agent will select a date that is on or before the 160th Business Day 
following the Credit Event Determination Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date),
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Final Value at the latest 
on the Original Credit Valuation Date, the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, within 
the fifteen Business Day period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, on which the 
Calculation Agent is able to determine the Final Value,

--- Page 635 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
635
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined 
later than the 180th Business Day following the corresponding Credit Event Determination 
Date.
Daily Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period, the 
product of:
(a)
The Interest Credit Factor; and
(b)
Either:
(1)
If the Notes are Basket Notes (which are not Tranche Notes) and if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Interest Recovery" is "Fixed Interest Recovery": 
An amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the sum of (a) the sum, 
for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred on or prior to such day, of the product of (i) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount for such Reference Entity and (ii) 1 (one) minus the 
product of (x) the Interest Loss Factor and (y) the difference between the 
Reference Price and the Interest Recovery Rate, and (b) the sum of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts of all the Reference Entities in respect 
of which no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to 
such day. 
(2)
If the Notes are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes and if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Interest Recovery" is "Floating Interest Recovery": 
an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount minus the product of the Interest Loss Factor and the Aggregate 
Loss Amount, provided that any Loss Amount that has not been determined 
on or before such day, shall be deemed to be equal to the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount. The difference between the Interest that 
would have been payable if the Loss Amount had been determined on such 
date and the Interest actually paid shall be payable following the 
determination of such Loss Amount and paid either on the first Interest 
Payment Date after the fourth Business Day following the Credit Valuation 
Date, or if, such determination occurs after the last Interest Payment Date, 
on the fourth Payment Business Day following the corresponding Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date.
(3)
If the Notes are Tranche Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Interest Recovery" is "Fixed Interest Recovery":
an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus an 
amount equal to the product of the Interest Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount that 
would be calculated if the Final Value for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred was deemed to be equal to the Interest Recovery 
Rate.
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an 
event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or 
more Obligations thereof). 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.

--- Page 636 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
636
DC No Credit Event Announcement means with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.  
DC Secretary has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules.
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or in each case its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event).
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit 
of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Specified Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with 
respect to Specified Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all 
equitable title) and interest in the Specified Deliverable Obligations to the relevant Noteholder or 
Noteholders free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any 
liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set 
out in paragraphs (A) to (D) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or, as applicable any Underlying Obligor) provided that if a Specified Deliverable 
Obligation is a Guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the 
Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means to deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be 
effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the 
relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time.
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to 
which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the above 
paragraph of this definition of Deliver shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package 
provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, 
(iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable (or equivalent amount in the Specified Currency of the Notes) of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond otherwise due shall be deemed to have been Delivered in 
full three Business Days following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered 
to Noteholders, (iv) the Fiduciary may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in 
the correct proportion, and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial 
Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value.
Deliverable Obligation means any of:
(a)
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any);
(b)
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), 
described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable

--- Page 637 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
637
Final Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations 
are Deliverable Obligations); 
(c)
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation: and
(d)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the 
applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation 
has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero 
(determined for the purposes of paragraph (d) above of this definition, immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event).
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in the definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment shall be made by reference to the terms of the 
relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event.
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, if a Deliverable Obligation would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation shall not cause such Deliverable Obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic.
Where a Specified Deliverable Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Specified 
Currency of the Notes, the Calculation Agent will determine the Specified Currency equivalent of 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that 
Specified Deliverable Obligation for the purpose of calculating the Physical Delivery Amount 
determined by reference to the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm 
(London time), or any successor rate source selected by the Calculation Agent on the date on which 
the Notice of Physical Settlement is effective (or, if the Notice of Physical Settlement is changed on 
or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the date on which notice of the last such change is effective) 
or, if the cash settlement provisions apply, on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such 
rate is not available at such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
Deliverable Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of 
Reference Obligation Only, no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable.
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable 
Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance 
and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
If more than one of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligation may include any 
Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not 
satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or

--- Page 638 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
638
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause 
such obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic.
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest means:
(a)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement":
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued 
Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid 
interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine); or
(b)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash 
Settlement":
(i)
"Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected 
Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest;
(ii)
"Exclude Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected 
Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or
(iii)
neither "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Selected Obligation whether the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof.
Detachment Point means in respect of Tranche Notes the number (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign.
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity.
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference 
Entity under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) 
less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to 
any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a 
Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions.
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information.

--- Page 639 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
639
Eligible Transferee means:
(a)
any (i) bank or other financial institution; (ii) insurance or reinsurance company; (iii) mutual 
fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in 
paragraph (c)(i) below); and (iv) registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural 
person or proprietorship); provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets 
of at least USD 500,000,000;
(b)
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding paragraph (a);
(c)
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: (i) that 
is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of collateralised 
debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that (1) has 
total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under 
common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least 
USD 100,000,000; (ii) that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or (iii) the 
obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity described 
in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d)
(1) any Sovereign; (2) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
All references in this definition of Eligible Transferee to USD include equivalent amounts in other 
currencies, as determined by the Calculation Agent..
European Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Type specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is "European Settlement".
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms;
(b)
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and
(c)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms;
(b)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes constitute a Senior Transaction in respect of the Reference Entity, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and
(c)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes constitute a Subordinated Transaction in respect of the Reference Entity, then 
for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation.

--- Page 640 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
640
Excluded Selected Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:
(a)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms;
(b)
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and
(c)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event:
(a)
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either:
(1)
the Relevant City Business Day (as defined in the DC Rules) prior to the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date (as specified in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms), if any; or
(2)
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or
(3)
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any; or
(4)
in case sub-sections (a)(1) to (a)(3) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business 
Days after the Credit Event Determination Date; or
(5)
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference 
to any Hedge Positions.
(b)
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, and:
(1)
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or
(2)
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 14 calendar days following 
such No Auction Announcement Date; or
(3)
in case sub-sections (b)(1) and (b)(2) above do not apply, the date that is 150 
Business Days after the Credit Event Determination Date; or
(4)
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference 
to any Hedge Positions. 
Extension Date means the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day  
following the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, or, in the event of delivery of a Notice of Pending 
Credit Event, the date that is 110 Business Days following the DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement.
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly 
or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity.
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the

--- Page 641 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
641
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion 
existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a 
Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of 
interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market 
rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination.
Fallback Settlement Event means:
(a)
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) or (c)(i) of the definition 
thereof; 
(b)
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; or
(c)
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs.
A Fallback Settlement Event may occur on any date from and including the Credit Event 
Determination Date to and including the 160th Business Day following the Credit Event Determination 
Date.
Final List has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.
Final Price means, in respect of a [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation  a quotation (expressed 
as a percentage) of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
of such [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation, obtained from Quotation Dealers in the manner 
provided below. 
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent 
reasonably practicable at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market of the relevant 
[Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation or such other location as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
To such end:
(a)
If the Calculation Agent obtains more than three Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, 
the Final Price will be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full 
Quotations with the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations 
have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full 
Quotations will be disregarded).
(b)
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain more than three Full Quotations, but obtains 
exactly three Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the Full 
Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more 
than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations will be disregarded).
(c)
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly two Full 
Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the arithmetic mean of such 
Full Quotations.
(d)
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two Full Quotations, but obtains a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be such Weighted 
Average Quotation.
(e)
If the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than two Full Quotations and no Weighted Average 
Quotation on the Credit Valuation Date, then the Final Price will be an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which the Calculation Agent 
obtains two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth Business Day following the Credit 
Valuation Date, the Final Price will be deemed to be zero.
Final Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, 
specifying:

--- Page 642 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
642
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash 
Settlement":
(1)
except if the Final Value is specified as Fixed Recovery in the applicable Final Terms 
or (assuming Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published on or before 140 
Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date and there is no 
occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event) if the Final Value is specified as Floating 
Recovery and Auction Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Selected Obligations (with an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the Exercise Amount);
(2)
the Cash Redemption Amount; and
(3)
the Cash Redemption Date.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement" and the provisions of Condition 1.1.2 apply: 
The Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation (if any).
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later than 
the 7th Business Day following the Credit Valuation Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers 
the Final Valuation Notice on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing Systems, for the 
information of the Noteholders.
Final Value means, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred, either:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed Recovery": 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Floating Recovery":
(1)
If Auction Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
therefore the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to a Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and if a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or 
before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date, that 
provides for the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of which a 
Credit Event has occurred, subject to the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event, 
the Auction Final Price (as specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms and expressed as a percentage) determined, if any, under such Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and applicable to the seniority of the Reference 
Obligation; or 
(2)
If (i) Auction Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) a Fallback 
Settlement Event occurs or (y) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is 
published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination 
Date, or (ii) Quotation Dealers Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date as follows:
(a)
the Final Price if there is only one Selected Obligation; or
(b)
the weighted average of the Final Prices of the Selected Obligations if the 
latter are a portfolio,
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for such Selected 
Obligation(s).
First Credit Event Occurrence Date is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 643 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
643
First Ranking Interest means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar 
effect) (an LPN Interest), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar (First 
Ranking) in the document creating such LPN Interest (notwithstanding that such LPN Interest may 
not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN 
Issuer).
First-to-Default Note means a Credit Linked Note indexed on two or more Reference Entities, in 
respect of which the First-to-Default Reference Entity will be treated as if it were the sole Reference 
Entity and for which the Type of Credit Linked Notes is specified as "First-to-Default Notes" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
First-to-Default Reference Entity means the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event occurs and a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information, 
have been sent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 1. If the Type of Credit Linked Notes 
is specified as "First-to-Default Notes" in the applicable Final Terms, the definitions of Obligation or 
[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* shall be construed as though such definitions had 
been specified only with respect to the First-to-Default Reference Entity.
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one 
or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable 
pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs).
Fixed Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Final Value specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is specified as "Fixed Recovery: [●] per cent.".
Floating Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Final Value specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is specified either as "Floating Recovery with Auction Method" or "Floating 
Recovery with Quotation Dealers Method".
Full Quotation means each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal 
to the Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to Hedge Positions. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer 
of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent or paying agent for a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation shall not be considered to 
be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition.
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto.
Governmental Authority means:
(i)
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof);
(ii)
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(iii)
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of a Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(iv)
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above.

--- Page 644 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
644
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law 
or regulation), in each case, applicable to a Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective 
of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation:
(i)
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause:
(A)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);
(B)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);
(C)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or
(D)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation;
(ii)
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation;
(iii)
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or
(iv)
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to 
(iii) of this definition.
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee.
Grace Period means:
(a)
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which 
such Obligation is issued or incurred;
(b)
if Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to 
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be 
the lesser of such grace period and thirty calendar days or such other period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and
(c)
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three 
Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that; 
unless Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date.
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET2 Business Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency.
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last

--- Page 645 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
645
Credit Event Occurrence Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date 
of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
If Grace Period Extension is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply to the Notes. 
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) means the mean solar time at the Greenwich meridian, in Greenwich, 
London.
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation.
Guaranteed Coupon means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon".
Hedge Positions means as defined in General Condition 6.2.2.4 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, provided that for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions, 
Hedge Positions will be deemed to include the Intermediate Hedge Positions and Optional Hedge 
Positions (if any).
Illegal or Impossible means, in respect of the Delivery of any Specified Deliverable Obligations, that 
it is illegal or impossible for the Fiduciary to Deliver or for a Noteholder to take Delivery of all or part 
of such Specified Deliverable Obligations because of:
(a)
any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints affecting the Delivery of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations (including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, court 
orders, other governmental or regulatory constraints, the specific terms or conditions of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations or failure to obtain the relevant consents, including but not 
limited to the consent of the Reference Entity and the guarantor (if any) of the Reference 
Entity or the consent of the applicable borrower in the case of a Specified Deliverable 
Obligation guaranteed by the Reference Entity); or
(b)
any event which is beyond the control of the Fiduciary (including, without limitation, failure of 
the relevant Clearing System, the refusal by a Noteholder to take Delivery of any of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations, or the inability to purchase the Deliverable Obligations 
despite the Fiduciary's reasonable efforts); or
(c)
any event which is beyond the control of a Noteholder due to its specific situation.
Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the amount 
for the purposes of calculating the interest payable under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 1.
Interest Credit Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Interest Loss Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Interest Observation Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Interest Recovery Rate means in respect of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, zero per cent. or the 
percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of assets with the highest immediately 
realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, including (without limitation) any Hedge Positions and the methodology, if any, 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the latest of:
(a)
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date;

--- Page 646 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
646
(b)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the 
relevant Reference Entity:
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any); 
and
(c)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are 
"Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity:
the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes, the last Grace Period Extension Date, if the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to the relevant Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date.
Latest Notification Date means the 30th Business Day following the Exercise Cut-off Date provided 
that it will be no later than the 180th Business Day after the Credit Event Determination Date.
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means the day that is 60 Business Days after the 
date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered to the relevant Clearing System.
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: two and a half years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), five years, seven and a half 
years, ten years (the 10-year Limitation Date), twelve and a half years, fifteen years, or twenty years 
as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention.
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange:
(a)
if the Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though Listed had been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; and
(b)
if the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
had 
been 
specified 
as 
a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds.
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement 
and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money.
Loss Amount means:
(a)
In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Not Applicable"
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to a 
minimum of zero.
(b)
In respect of Tranche Notes if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-
Default" is "Applicable":
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred:
(1)
which has a Ranking strictly lower than N: an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price.
(2)
which has a Ranking higher than or equal to N and lower than or equal to M: an 
amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the

--- Page 647 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
647
difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum 
of zero.
(3)
which has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an amount equal to zero.
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance 
with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference 
Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the 
LPN Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Notes each such loan 
shall be an Underlying Loan. For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference 
Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. The definitions of "Substitute 
Reference Obligation(s)" and "Substitution Event" shall not be applicable to LPN Reference 
Obligations.
M means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking 
above which the Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to increase.
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American 
Settlement":
(1)
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Maturity 
Date); or
(2)
the [Physical Settlement Date (or the later of the Physical Settlement Date and the 
Cash Redemption Date if the provisions of Condition 1.1.2 above apply)]** [Cash 
Redemption Date]* if a Credit Event Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery 
Period; or
(3)
the later of the two following dates:
(a)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
"Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity:
the 
day 
that 
is 
four 
Payment 
Business 
Days 
following 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or in the case of First-to-Default 
Notes, 
Basket 
Notes 
and 
Tranche 
Notes, 
following 
the 
last 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, if:
(1)
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date;
(2)
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied;
(3)
such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; and
(4)
no 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered during the Notice Delivery 
Period; and
(b)
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is 
"Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity:
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Grace Period 
Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes, following the last Grace Period Extension Date if

--- Page 648 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
648
(1)
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date;
(2)
such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; and
(3)
no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is 
delivered during the Notice Delivery Period.
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European 
Settlement": the later of the dates set out in paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2) and (a)(3) above.
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is 
delivered prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and is still effective on the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the Maturity Date will be either the date on which the Suspended Amounts are paid to the Noteholders 
or, if a Credit Event Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, 
the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Cash Redemption Date]*.
PROVIDED FURTHER that, unless Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified as "Not Applicable", 
with respect to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes in relation to which an Unsettled Credit Event exists, 
a Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount will be paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date in relation to 
the portion of the Specified Denomination of Notes not affected by the Unsettled Credit Event and, 
(i) if the Retained Amount is equal to zero, the Maturity Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(ii) in all other cases, the Maturity Date will be as defined in paragraphs (a) and (b) above.
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years).
For purposes of the application of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Maximum 
Maturity, remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination, and in the case of a 
[Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero.
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets.
Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary, then 
unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package 
Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation may 
only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to any applicable Hedge Positions.
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time 
of making such determination and, in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due 
and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is 
made.
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition 
thereof with respect to Credit Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference Entity and having a Scheduled Termination 
Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Notes, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable.
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, 
the Calculation Agent may, by reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above 
to be not applicable.

--- Page 649 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
649
Mod Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is 
the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary, 
then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset 
Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation may only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it 
(i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the 
applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the date(s) determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod Mod R, 
in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year 
Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of 
such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the 
relevant Restructuring.
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall, subject 
as set out above, be determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which 
such determination is made. 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition 
thereof with respect to Credit Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference Entity and having a Scheduled Termination 
Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Notes, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable.
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, 
the Calculation Agent may, by reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above 
to be not applicable.
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date.
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent 
to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a 
Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this part (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder 
Obligation; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or 
"Emerging European Corporate LPN", Multiple Holder Obligation shall be deemed as "Not 
Applicable" with respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan).
N means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking 
starting at which the Aggregate Loss Amount will be an amount greater than zero.
No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued 
Interest upon Credit Event".
No Auction Announcement Date means with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC 
Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, and if 
applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following the occurrence of 
an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms

--- Page 650 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
650
will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee had Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior 
public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no 
Parallel Auction will be held or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held.
No Standard Reference Obligation means if the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from 
the SRO List and not immediately replaced, such obligation shall cease to be a Reference Obligation 
(other than for the purpose of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation 
unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new 
Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the relevant Reference Entity shall constitute the 
Reference Obligation for it.
Nominal Amount means in respect of Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes, the Specified 
Denomination of one Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms subject, as the case may be, to 
the provisions of Condition 1.
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation.
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition 
of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same 
reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event 
Date (as applicable) [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*.
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions.
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets.
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if 
any) or, if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference 
Obligation.
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via Clearstream, Euroclear or any other internationally recognised 
clearing system. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Not Bearer is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
had 
been 
specified 
as 
a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds.
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency.
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at the time the 
relevant obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, 
as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the 
domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be 
deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily 
in the domestic market of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 651 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
651
If the Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though Not Domestic Issuance had been 
specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds.
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
had 
been 
specified 
as 
a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds.
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law.
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any 
entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club 
debt".
Not Subordinated means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity 
that is not Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if 
applicable; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or 
"Emerging European Corporate LPN" this definition shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation 
was specified in respect of the Reference Entity.
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the 
Extension Date.
Notice of Pending Credit Event means a notice delivered, on a date which is expected to be no 
later than 10 Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, by or 
on behalf of the Fiduciary that (a) informs the Noteholders of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement  and (b) states that payment of amounts due and payable or deliverable, as 
the case may be, under the Notes, whether in connection with accrued interest or redemption or any 
amount due under the Credit Linked Notes (including the obligation to deliver the Deliverable Assets), 
shall be suspended (the Suspended Amounts) pending the publication of a DC Resolution or as 
the case may be, a DC No Credit Event Announcement.
PROVIDED THAT:
(a)
if a DC Resolution confirming the existence of a Credit Event in relation to the relevant 
Reference Entity in the period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to 
and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, is published within 100 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement, as applicable, the Fiduciary will deliver or arrange delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice within 10 Business Days of such publication;
(b)
if a DC No Credit Event Announcement in relation to the relevant Reference Entity is 
published within 100 Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the Suspended Amounts under the 
Notes shall be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Noteholders within 10 Payment 
Business Days of such publication; 
(c)
if no DC Resolution or DC No Credit Event Announcement is published after 100 Business 
Days following the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the Notice of 
Pending Credit Event shall be deemed cancelled and either (i) the Suspended Amounts due 
under the Notes shall be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Noteholders within 10 
Payment Business Days; or (ii) the Fiduciary may decide to deliver a Credit Event Notice

--- Page 652 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
652
together with a Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) within 10 Business 
Days. 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice that is effective no later than the Latest Notification 
Date (included) from or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders specifying the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations the Fiduciary reasonably expects to Deliver or procure the Delivery of to the 
Noteholders. The Fiduciary is not bound to Deliver the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement. However, it will: (i) to the extent possible, give the Noteholders 
notice of any subsequent change in the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or of any errors or inconsistencies contained therein (the term Specified 
Deliverable Obligation is deemed to include such change); and (ii) where Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable and the detailed description of the Asset Package is not included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, give the Noteholders notice of such detailed description of the Asset Package (if any) 
that it intends to Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of any Specified Deliverable Obligations referred 
to in the Notice of Physical Settlement.
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Credit Event Notice or a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, a notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary that 
cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. Unless "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information.
Obligation means:
(a)
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having 
each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each 
case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or 
as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; and
(b)
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any),
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other 
similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.
Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause 
such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic.
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated.

--- Page 653 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
653
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.
Observed Interest means, if the Observed Interest option is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, the amount payable under each Note for each Interest Period:
(a)
in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, for each Interest Period: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating 
Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable":
Observed Interest shall be an amount equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the 
Nominal Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the paragraph "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable Final Terms) and 
if any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction; and
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is 
"Applicable":
Observed Interest shall be the amount as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae (except that, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced 
by "Nominal Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed 
Coupon").
(b)
in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, for each Interest Period: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating 
Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable":
Observed Interest shall be an amount equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the 
Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the 
paragraph "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon" 
in the applicable Final Terms) and if any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction; and
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is 
"Applicable":
Observed Interest shall be the amount as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae (except that, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced 
by "Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount " in the formula of the Structured 
Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon").
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee and which may be, for the avoidance of doubt, the Standard 
Reference Obligation) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in the applicable Final Terms 
(if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
purposes of the Notes (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristics or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation 
Characteristics) unless (a) Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) the Notes are Reference Obligation Only 
Notes.
Outstanding Principal Balance means the "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation 
calculated as follows:

--- Page 654 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
654
(i)
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest, the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of 
the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any;
(ii)
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined 
in (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); 
and 
(iii)
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance.
in each case, determined;
(A)
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect 
on the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; 
and 
(B)
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation).
Where "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject.
Where:
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of 
the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-
Contingent Amount.
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then notwithstanding 
the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under 
(iii)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent 
of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five 
per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) 
the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the 
issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount 
or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a 
Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or 
exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without regard 
to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and

--- Page 655 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
655
(y) in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the 
Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount 
advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a Noteholder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations 
for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. 
Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms 
of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.
P means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the number 
of Reference Entities within the Reference Portfolio.
Package Observable Bond means in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation set 
out in paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation, in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally 
effective.
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring 
with respect to a Reference Entity, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by 
ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms (as 
defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) are the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) applicable 
to the relevant Reference Entity and for which such Reference Entity would not be an Auction 
Covered Transaction (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms).
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment 
or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money.
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or in each case, its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure 
to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable).
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations:
(a)
as a result of the application of:
(i)
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all 
of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity;
(ii)
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;
(iii)
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee);
(iv)
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(v)
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 656 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
656
(vi)
provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of 
specified assets or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or 
collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains 
outstanding following the disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of the 
security or collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the resulting 
proceeds (any such provisions, "Limited Recourse Provisions") if "Limited 
Recourse Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms;
(b)
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation.
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is 
also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single 
transferee.
Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Note: Specified Deliverable Obligations with (a) an 
Outstanding Principal Balance (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are Borrowed Money) 
or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrowed 
Money), 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject 
to a minimum of zero:
A x (B– C)
Where:
A means the Principal Credit Factor;
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Redemption Amount (in the event of a 
Restructuring as contemplated in Condition 1.3 above) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount 
(in the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.4
above); and
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the 
amount of the Unwind Costs.
Physical Settlement means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the Settlement Method specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is "Physical Settlement".
Physical Settlement Date means the date on which the Fiduciary Delivers the Physical Delivery 
Amount to the Noteholders, or, if the Fiduciary does not Deliver on the same date all the portfolio of 
Deliverable Obligations comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount, the date on which the Fiduciary 
has completed the Delivery thereof for all the Notes to all the Noteholders.
Physical Settlement Period means the period from and including the date on which a Notice of 
Physical Settlement is delivered to the relevant Clearing System to and including the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date.
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations.
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in (i) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium.
Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount means, with respect to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes 
in relation to which an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred, an amount (subject to a minimum of 
zero) payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date calculated for each Note as an amount equal to the

--- Page 657 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
657
product of (x) the Principal Credit Factor and (y) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between 
(a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate 
Loss Amount immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Retained Amount.
Principal Credit Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Principal Loss Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Prior Deliverable Obligation means:
(a)
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice) any obligation of the Reference Entity 
which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention (ii)) was the subject of 
such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation set out in paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental 
Intervention was legally effective or 
(b)
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice), such Reference Obligation, if any.
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where 
there is no Reference Obligation applicable thereto for the purposes of the Notes, (a) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise (b) the obligation specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was 
redeemed on or prior to the Issue Date and otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
Obligation of such Reference Entity.
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based 
on the factors set forth in sub-sections (A) to (D) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by 
or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor.
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, 
described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, has occurred and 
which:
(a)
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or
(b)
is information received from or published by:
(1)
the relevant Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of 
such Sovereign);
(2)
a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for an Obligation, 
(c)
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body, or
(d)
is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA,

--- Page 658 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
658
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this definition is 
not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information.
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the 
party receiving such information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into 
any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity 
that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving 
such information.
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to a Downstream 
Affiliate, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant 
occurrence (a) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (b) is the result of 
exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (c) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain 
Credit Events.
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to 
the events described in both (i) and (ii) of the definition thereof. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and 
successor publications), as well as the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed news sources).
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law). A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:
(i)
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit 
(or legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii)
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case other than:
(a)
by payment;
(b)
by way of Permitted Transfer;
(c)
by operation of law;
(d)
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or
(e)
due to:
(A)
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms; or
(B)
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 659 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
659
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of a 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of 
the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the 
guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition 
of Bankruptcy in respect of such Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be 
deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation.
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee:
(i)
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and
(ii)
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
such guarantee.
If an Obligation or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply:
(a)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy 
the same category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation.
(b)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from the following list: 
Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, and Not Domestic Law.
(c)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy 
on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or 
[Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from the following list: Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer.
(d)
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
[Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor.
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity.
Quotation Amount means:
(a)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical 
Settlement", an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance (excluding accrued 
interest), or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Undeliverable Obligation. For 
which purpose, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the Undeliverable Obligation if quotations obtained in respect thereof 
shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(b)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash 
Settlement":

--- Page 660 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
660
(i)
in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, an amount selected by 
the Calculation Agent, subject to a cap equal to the aggregate of the Nominal 
Amount (or the Partial Redemption Amount or the Multiple Successor Notional 
Amount, as applicable) (such aggregate amount, the Exercise Amount) for all 
outstanding Notes, if there is only one Selected Obligation; otherwise (if there is a 
portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation Amount shall be an amount selected 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum 
of all such Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal to the Exercise Amount; or
(ii)
in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, an amount selected by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to a cap equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
(or the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount, as applicable) (such amount, the 
Exercise Amount), if there is only one Selected Obligation; otherwise (if there is a 
portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation Amount shall be an amount selected 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum 
of all such Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal to the Exercise Amount;
Provided that in respect of paragraph (b) above the Quotation Amount (or the sum of the Quotation 
Amounts as the case may be) shall be no less than EUR 1 million (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency). 
Quotation Dealers means at least five leading dealers in obligations of the type of the Undeliverable 
Obligation(s) or as the case may be Selected Obligation(s), which may include Societe Generale, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner.
Quotation Dealers Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, the Final Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the provisions of the definition of Final Price.
Quotation Dealers Method shall apply if “Quotation Dealers Method” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or a Fallback Settlement Event occurs or no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is 
published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date.
Ranking means, for Tranche Notes where N-to-M-to-Default is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the ranking in time of occurrence of such Credit Event 
Determination Date amongst all Credit Event Determination Dates, provided that if several Credit 
Event Determination Dates are identical in respect of several Reference Entities comprised within 
the Reference Portfolio, the date on which the relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be 
used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities and if the Credit Event Notices have been 
sent on the same date, the time on which the relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be 
used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date occurs will have a Ranking of 1.
Reference Entity means, subject to the below, any entity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or any Successor thereto, which may be any firm, company, corporation, any unincorporated 
association, establishment or other entity, or any equivalent entity, a government, state or local 
authority or agency of a state or of a local authority, or any state-owned or state-controlled entity, any 
partnership, limited or otherwise, any special purpose vehicle (incorporated or otherwise), any 
category or type of fund (including, without limitation, open-end funds, closed-end funds, hedge 
funds, mutual funds, managed funds or any other collective investment scheme, vehicle or 
organisation), any securitisation company and any broadly equivalent entity of any of the 
aforementioned entities.
In the case of a Single Name Note or in the case of a First-to-Default Note, a Basket Notes or a 
Tranche Note where the Reference Entity Weighting of any Reference Entity represents 20% or more 
of all Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio, then such Reference Entity shall have its

--- Page 661 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
661
securities already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market.
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms, for each Reference Entity, the amount equal to the product of the Reference Entity Weighting 
and the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. 
Reference Entity Weighting means the proportion specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
which will be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of (i) the definition of Successor upon the 
occurrence of a Succession Date  or (ii) Condition 1.3.2(b), if applicable.
Reference Obligation(s) means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, unless:
(a)
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation(s) will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation(s), if any; or
(b)
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms 
(or there is no election specified in the applicable Final Terms), there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a 
Substitute Reference Obligation.
provided that, in respect of a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging 
European Corporate LPN", Reference Obligation(s) means, as of the Issue Date, each of the 
obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or 
set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference 
Obligation"), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently 
available at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) or as stipulated in the 
applicable Final Terms, any Additional LPN, determined in accordance with the Additional LPN 
definition, and each Additional Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of a Reference 
Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", (i) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) 
(in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity), each 
Reference Obligation will be an Obligation and a Deliverable Obligation or a Selected Obligation, 
(as applicable); (ii) "Standard Reference Obligation" shall be deemed specified as "Not Applicable"; 
and (iii) the provisions in the definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" shall not 
apply.
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only.
Reference Obligation Only Notes means that (a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the 
Obligation Category and [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Category, if applicable, in the 
applicable Final Terms and (b) Standard Reference Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, 
a portfolio comprising all the Reference Entities.
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) in respect of Tranche Notes, an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount divided 
by the difference between the Detachment Point and the Attachment Point; and (ii) in respect of 
Basket Notes which are not Tranche Notes, an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount.

--- Page 662 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
662
Reference Price means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if not specified, 
100%).
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee.
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, 
as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined in respect of such Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond by the Calculation Agent.
Relevant Obligations means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Obligations of such Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally 
effective date of the first succession), provided that:
(i)
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded;
(ii)
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under paragraph (A) of the definition of Successor make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession 
to and including the Succession Date;
(iii)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Notes are a Senior Transaction, the Relevant Obligations shall only include 
the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond 
or Loan"; and 
(iv)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, and the Notes are a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant Obligations shall exclude 
Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which 
fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant 
Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the 
Notes were a Senior Transaction.
Relevant Proportion means the proportion which one Note bears to the total number of Notes 
outstanding.
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised 
officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or 
rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, 
roll over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined 
without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without regard to the 
Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that 
is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date 
that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case,

--- Page 663 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
663
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied: 
(a)
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, or 
(b)
otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice 
of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the 
Noteholders that is effective on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either 
(i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred 
after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date.
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf 
of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred 
on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the 
occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
is effective. Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, if a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information.
Residual Cash Redemption Amount means, in relation to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes with 
respect to which one or more Unsettled Credit Event(s) has(ve) occurred, an amount payable on the 
Maturity Date representing the difference between the Cash Redemption Amount and the Preliminary 
Cash Redemption Amount.
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
construed accordingly.
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred.
Restructuring means that:
(a)
with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect 
of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the First Credit Event Occurrence Date 
(or such other date determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Position) 
and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred:

--- Page 664 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
664
(1)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);
(2)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);
(3)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (b) the payment of principal or premium;
(4)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or
(5)
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b)
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) above, none of the following will constitute 
a Restructuring:
(1)
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;
(2)
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of 
the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion;
(3)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary 
course of business; and
(4)
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above in circumstances where such event does not 
directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(5) above 
only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another 
currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.
(c)
For the purposes of paragraphs (a)  and (b) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, paragraph (e) below and the 
definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity 
in paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity.
(d)
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the

--- Page 665 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
665
terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange.
(e)
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect 
of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation.
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring.
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the 
latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan, occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the 
Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.
Retained Amount means, in relation to Basket Notes or Tranche Notes in respect of which one or 
more Unsettled Credit Event(s) has(ve) occurred, the sum of (x) the Unwind Costs (if any) and (y) 
the lower of:
(a)
The difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the product of the Principal Loss 
Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
and
(b)
Either:
(1)
In respect of Basket Notes, the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the 
aggregate of the Loss Amounts for all the Unsettled Credit Events (assuming a Final 
Value of zero in respect of each Unsettled Credit Event); or
(2)
In respect of Tranche Notes, the amount by which the product of the Principal Loss 
Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount on the Maturity Date (assuming a Final 
Value of zero in respect of each Unsettled Credit Event) would exceed the product 
of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount immediately prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date.
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Selected Obligation(s) means, for the purpose of determining the Final Price, as specified in the 
Final Valuation Notice, any of:
(a)
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any);
(b)
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), 
described by the Selected Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
having each of the Selected Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations 
are Selected Obligations); 
(c)
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Selected Obligation; and
(d)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the 
applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a

--- Page 666 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
666
Sovereign), PROVIDED THAT such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as applicable, may be replaced by the related Asset Package, and (i) such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event, and (ii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Final Price of such Asset Package shall be 
deemed to be zero,
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Selected Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined 
for the purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Selected Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in the definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment shall be made by reference to the terms of the 
relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event.
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, if a Selected Obligation would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Selected Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Selected Obligation 
shall not cause such Selected Obligation to fail to satisfy such Selected Obligation Characteristic.
Where a Selected Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the 
Notes, the Calculation Agent will, where required, determine the Specified Currency equivalent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that 
Selected Obligation by reference to the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 pm (London time), or any successor rate source selected by the Calculation Agent on the Credit 
Valuation Date, or on such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by 
reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate is not available at such time, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate.
Selected Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference 
Obligation Only, no Selected Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable.
Selected Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable 
Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance 
and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If more than one of Assignable 
Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Selected Obligation Characteristics in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Selected Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Selected Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Selected Obligation 
Characteristics.
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Selected Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause 
such obligation to fail to satisfy such Selected Obligation Characteristic.
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity.
Senior Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that (a) the Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation.
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of a Reference Entity (a) "Senior Level" or 
"Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is

--- Page 667 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
667
specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level".
Settlement Method means either Physical Settlement (see Condition 1.1) or Cash Settlement (see 
Condition 1.2) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Single Name Note means a Credit Linked Note indexed on one Reference Entity for which the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is stated as being "Single 
Name Notes".
SME Growth Market means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as an SME growth market 
in accordance with Article 33 of MiFID II.
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or 
otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources 
of a particular tier.
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or  other authority acting in a governmental capacity, (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof.
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) which fell 
within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring.
Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is 
a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) which fell 
within the definition of a Selected Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring.
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event.
Specified Currency means for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes, an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if Specified Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no 
currency is so specified, Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified 
Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the 
euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
Specified Deliverable Obligation(s) means Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity or First-
to-Default Reference Entity as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (subject to the definition 
of such term) which, for the avoidance of doubt, may where Asset Package Delivery is applicable, 
include any Prior Deliverable Obligation, Package Observable Bond or Asset Package.
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
if a number is not specified, two).

--- Page 668 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
668
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time.
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List.
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).
Standard Unwind Costs means in respect of each Note, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses 
(including break funding charges and loss of funding, which, for the avoidance of doubt, represents 
the loss of future interest amounts to be received under the funding arrangement(s) entered into in 
relation to the Notes), tax and duties incurred directly or indirectly by Societe Generale or any of its 
Affiliates in relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date and the related partial or 
total termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Position, such amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes. 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities.
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed.
Subordinated Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the Reference Obligation 
or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation 
of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders 
of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims 
against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is 
otherwise in default under the First Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For the 
purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
(y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred 
(or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment 
of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of 
payment after such date.
Substitute Reference Obligation(s) means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
(a)
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided

--- Page 669 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
669
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC 
Resolution.
(b)
If any of the events set forth under paragraph (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event 
have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation.
(c)
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date:
(i)
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee);
(ii)
satisfies the Not Subordinated [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic 
as of the date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority 
of payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and
(iii)
(A)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date:
(I)
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) 
determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation 
is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(II)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*;
(B)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date:
(I)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,
(II)
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) 
determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation 
is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by

--- Page 670 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
670
reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(III)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) or, if no such obligation is 
available,
(IV)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; or
(C)
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date:
(I)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available,
(II)
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan) or if no such obligation is available,
(III)
is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) 
determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation 
is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any 
relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV)
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** 
Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*.
(d)
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the 
potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. The Substitute Reference Obligation will replace the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation on such date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to any Hedge Positions, which is expected to be as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above. Information 
about the occurrence of a Substitute Reference Obligation with a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to the determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, 
including the identity thereof and the date of substitution, may be requested at any time by 
the Noteholders at the specified office of the Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ownership 
of such Notes in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent).
(e)
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above and

--- Page 671 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
671
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to 
be the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent 
shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation.
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date, selected by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, that the Calculation Agent has 
determined in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation:
(i)
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole;
(ii)
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or
(iii)
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee).
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event.
If an event described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Issue Date, then a 
Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case 
may be, on the Issue Date.
If a Substitution Event occurs in respect of the Reference Obligation in Reference Obligation Only 
Notes and unless Substitution Event Early Redemption is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall consider such event as an event triggering the 
early redemption of the Notes and the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and 
shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as 
defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Notice shall 
be given by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders informing them of the Substitution Event 
and the date scheduled for early redemption.
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event.
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there 
is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference 
Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor.
Successor means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the entity or entities, if any, determined as 
follows:
(a)
subject to paragraph (c) below of this definition, the entity or entities, if any determined as 
follows:
(1)
subject to paragraph (a)(7) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor and, in the 
case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such 
sole Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before 
the succession.

--- Page 672 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
672
(2)
If only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, 
the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche 
Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession.
(3)
If more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor and the terms of the Notes will be amended in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the definition of Multiple Successor in Condition 1.5 above. In 
the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of 
each Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity 
before the succession, divided by the number of Successors.
(4)
If one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the terms of the Notes will be 
amended in accordance with the provisions set out in the definition of Multiple 
Successor in Condition 1.5 above. In the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, 
the Reference Entity Weighting of each Successor will be the Reference Entity 
Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the number of 
Successors.
(5)
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no 
Successor and the terms of the Notes will not be changed in any way as a result of 
such succession.
(6)
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds 
to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided 
that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, 
each such entity will be a Successor) and, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche 
Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor(s) will be the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the 
number of Successor(s).
(7)
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all 
of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist or (B) the Reference Entity 
is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity 
has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the 
legally effective date of the assumption, that entity (the "Universal Successor") will 
be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the 
Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference Entity

--- Page 673 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
673
Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession or as otherwise determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions. 
PROVIDED THAT, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, if the resulting Successor 
of a Reference Entity affected by a succession, or as the case may be, one or more of the 
several resulting Successors of such Reference Entity is(are) another Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio at the legally effective date of the succession, the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Successor will be the sum of the Reference Entity 
Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined in accordance with 
paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(4), (a)(6) or (a)(7) above and the Reference Entity 
Weighting of such Successor in effect prior to the succession.
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, if two or more 
Reference Entities are affected by a succession resulting in at least one common Successor, 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the Successor will be the sum of the Reference Entity 
Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined in accordance with 
paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(4), (a)(6) or (a)(7) above with respect to each Reference 
Entity in respect of which it is a Successor. 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT (for paragraph (a) above), if the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable" or in respect of First-to-Default Notes, the 
Calculation Agent will adjust the effect of any succession as necessary so that in all cases 
the number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio will remain unchanged and if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", so that the 
Reference Entity Weighting will remain the same for all Reference Entities comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio, in particular:
(1)
if the resulting Successor of a Reference Entity (the Legacy Reference Entity) 
affected by a succession is another Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio (the Surviving Reference Entity) at the legally effective date of the 
succession, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith shall select a new entity 
having an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an equivalent credit risk (if no 
Rating is available) to the Legacy Reference Entity immediately prior to the 
occurrence of the succession; such new entity shall be deemed to have replaced the 
Legacy Reference Entity as Reference Entity effective on and from the date of the 
succession and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-
Default" is "Applicable", the Reference Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference 
Entity shall remain the Reference Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference Entity 
in effect prior to the succession and the Reference Entity Weighting of the entity 
having replaced the Legacy Reference Entity shall be equal to the Reference Entity 
Weighting of the Legacy Reference Entity prior to the succession; and
(2)
if a succession would result in more than one Successor (the Potential Successors) 
to a Reference Entity either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee, the 
Calculation Agent shall select only one entity (the Chosen Successor) among the 
Potential Successors to replace the Reference Entity; the Chosen Successor shall 
be deemed to have replaced the Reference Entity and if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", its Reference Entity 
Weighting shall be equal to the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity 
prior to the succession. 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned 
by the three rating agencies Moody’s France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings  Europe Limited 
and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, being understood that if the ratings 
assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into 
consideration.

--- Page 674 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
674
(b)
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining with effect from the Succession 
Date any Successor or Successors under paragraph (a) above; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has 
publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant 
Obligations. Information about the occurrence of a succession (or, in relation to a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to which one or more 
Successors to a Reference Entity can be determined, with reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination, pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor, of the 
identity of any Successor(s), may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the 
specified office of the Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Notes in a 
form acceptable to the Calculation Agent), and will be notified as part of a notice of Potential 
Failure to Pay or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as 
the case may be) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity.
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made 
under this definition on the basis of Eligible Information. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor 
under paragraph (a)(1) to (7) (inclusive) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent 
shall consider all related successions contemplated by such Steps Plan in aggregate as if 
forming part of a single succession.
(c)
An entity may only be a Successor if:
(i)
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession 
Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii)
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and
(iii)
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event.
(d)
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and 
its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, 
treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement) or (ii) issues Bonds 
or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant 
Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such 
Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, succeeded 
and succession shall be construed accordingly.
(e)
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) above 
shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds 
or Loans.
(f)
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to one or more 
Relevant Obligations (collectively, the Joint Relevant Obligations) either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint 
Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded

--- Page 675 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
675
to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines that the succession is effective which date may be determined, without 
limitation, by reference to any Hedge Positions and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor 
Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Calculation Agent 
determines that the date on which the succession is effective (determined, without limitation, by 
reference to any Hedge Positions) is not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which 
the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The 
Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention.
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary, 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more 
Successors to a Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice 
is effective. 
Tranche Note means a Basket Note for which the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Type of Credit Linked Notes" is stated as being "Tranche Notes".
Tranche Notional Amount means, in respect of Tranche Notes, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes or such other amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Tranche Subordination Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, 
with respect to Tranche Notes, the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount multiplied by the Attachment 
Point.  
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means in respect of a Reference Entity and the related 
Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with 
the DC Rules or any other recognised association or organisation selected by the Calculation Agent 
(including for the avoidance of doubt any Auction Settlement), which provides for the valuation of 
obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred and which shall be 
used to determine the amounts payable between the parties to a credit derivatives transaction 
referencing such Reference Entity for which Auction Covered Transactions (as defined in the DC 
Rules) would be credit derivatives transactions with a scheduled termination date comparable to or 
later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes.
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following will be considered 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions:
(a)
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant 
to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the 
laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an 
obligation); 
(b)
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions 
on insurance companies and pension funds; or

--- Page 676 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
676
(c)
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods.
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Transferable is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
had 
been 
specified 
as 
a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to [Deliverable]**[Selected]* 
Obligations that are not Loans (and shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than 
Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category).
Undeliverable Obligation(s) means that part of the Specified Deliverable Obligations for which 
Delivery is Illegal or Impossible.
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee.
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation.
Unsettled Credit Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity, that:
(a)
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date but the 
corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; or
(b)
a Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered less than 100 Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and (i) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has not been 
published prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) if a Credit Event Notice has 
subsequently been delivered in relation to the relevant Credit Event, the corresponding Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; or
(c)
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and is continuing at the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; or
(d)
a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing at the Scheduled Maturity Date.
In respect of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, unless Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified as 
"Not Applicable", the occurrence of an Unsettled Credit Event shall give rise to the payment of the 
Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date and of the Residual Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date.
Unwind Costs means, in respect of each Note (i) Standard Unwind Costs if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) zero if specified 
as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms.
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Selected Obligation, the direct and duly documented 
cost, if any, borne by the Fiduciary, the Fiduciary's hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an 
agent on their behalf in relation to the determination of the Final Price.
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity.
Weighted Average Quotation means, if there are no Full Quotations available, the weighted 
average of firm bid quotations, in all cases obtained from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount.
3.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATED TO CDS SPREAD

--- Page 677 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
677
The provisions of this Condition 3 "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" shall be applicable 
for Single Name Notes or Basket Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Additional 
Provisions related to CDS Spread" is "Applicable". 
In the event of any inconsistencies between this previous Conditions 1 and 2 of these Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes and this Condition 3, the definitions and provisions of 
Condition 3 shall prevail. 
3.1
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Adjustment Spread means (i) the adjustment spread specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, if applicable or (ii) (only if Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the Issue Date in 
the applicable Final Terms), the adjustment spread specified in the notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the definition "Switch Option" below (if applicable). 
Aggregate Basket Loss means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and 
equal to (i) the Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For 
the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Basket Loss shall take into account only the Credit Event 
Determination Date(s) (if any) for which the Final Value has been determined.
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a CDS Spread, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next following Scheduled Trading Day).
CDS Spread means the Reference Entity Spread.
CDS Dealer means any dealer (other than Societe Generale) determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being a dealer in respect of providing quotations in respect of credit default swap transactions.
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference Entity 
Spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
(a)
the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain quotations in accordance with the Quotation 
Method from five CDS Dealers, whereby:
(i)
If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time 
on such day, the Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations without regard to the quotation having the highest value (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
quotation having the lowest value (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations)); or
(ii)
If two such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the 
Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations; or
(iii)
If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference 
Entity Spread will be such quotation; or
(b)
If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the 
Reference Entity Spread will be a rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith, having regard to the conditions prevailing in the market, such as, but not limited to, the 
liquidity and trading conditions relating to the Reference CDS at the time of calculation.
Effective Credit Index means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions of this Index are 
published after the Initial Credit Index, the latest version of the Initial Credit Index, published by the 
Credit Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expected 
that the Credit Index Publisher publishes a new version each time a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred in respect of one Reference Entity composing the Effective Credit Index, and the Final 
Value has been determined pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 678 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
678
Effective Credit Index Spread means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit 
default swap on the Effective Credit Index in the Credit Index Currency and with a maturity equal to 
the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Dealer Poll 
Method.
External Provider means (i) the external provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) (only if Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on 
the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms), the external provider (or any successor) for the 
Reference Entity Spread specified in the notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the definition 
"Switch Option" below (if applicable).
External Provider Method means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference 
Entity Spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:
(a)
The sum of (i) the mid-market spread quotation published by the External Provider around 
the External Provider Time on such day (the External Provider Spread) and (ii) the 
Adjustment Spread; or
(b)
If the Reference Entity Spread cannot be obtained pursuant to (a) above or if there are less 
than 3 contributors to the External Provider on such day, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Reference Entity Spread in accordance with the Dealer Poll Method.
External Provider Time means 15.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any 
Valuation Date(i), by converting the Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the 
Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below, or  any other calculation as the Calculation 
Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using 
the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index 
Upfront using the following Bloomberg parameters with the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a 
percentage:
Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i)
provided always that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the 
Calculation Agent shall, in its sole discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination 
with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
Credit Index Coupon means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Credit Index Currency means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms
Credit Index Maturity means 5-year unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Credit Index Publisher means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Initial Credit Index.
Credit Index Recovery Rate means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Initial Credit Index Means the credit index specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 679 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
679
Quotation Deadline Time means 17.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Quotation Method means the quotation method specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may 
be (i) Bid if the Reference Entity Spread is a bid rate, (ii) Offer if the Reference Entity Spread is an 
offer rate, or (iii) Mid-market if the Reference Entity Spread is a mid-market rate; or if no Quotation 
Method is so specified, Offer shall apply.
Rebased Index Spread means the spread, expressed as a percentage, and determined by the 
Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i) by converting the Rebased Index Upfront into a quoted 
spread,using the function “CDSW” in Bloomberg, as further specified below, or any other calculation 
as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Rebased Index Spread using the following Bloomberg parameters:
Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Index Upfront
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i)
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the 
Calculation Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine the Rebased Index Spread with substitute 
details which are market equivalent.
Rebased Index Upfront means the sum of (i) the Effective Credit Index Upfront multiplied by the 
Remaining Basket Notional and (ii) the Aggregate Basket Loss.
Reference CDS means a single-name credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the 
ISDA credit derivatives definitions in the Reference CDS Currency, and with a maturity equal to the 
Reference CDS Maturity (or the nearest standard maturity that is higher than such Reference CDS 
Maturity if such maturity is not available). 
Reference CDS Currency means the main trading currency for the relevant Reference Entity, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Reference Entity means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor 
thereto in accordance with  Condtion 2 “Definitions”, subject always to the provisions of Condition 3.2 
(Adjustments and Extraordinary Events) below.
Reference Entity Spread means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the rate, expressed as 
a quoted spread, for the Reference CDS, determined by the Calculation Agent initially in accordance 
with the Reference Entity Spread Method specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the 
Switch Option. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with 
an upfront amount (the Upfront Quotation), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted 
spread by using the function QCDS in Bloomberg or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent 
may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
Reference Entity Spread Method means either Dealer Poll Method or External Provider Method as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 680 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
680
Remaining Basket Notional means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage 
and equal to 100% minus the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been determined, of the Reference Entity 
Weighting for such Reference Entity.
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a CDS Spread, a Business Day for the purposes of 
these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.
Switch Option means, unless Switch Option is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, that (i) on any day where the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the Dealer Poll 
Method, the Fiduciary may, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, change the determination 
of the Reference Entity Spread to the External Provider Method, or (ii) on any day where the 
applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, the Fiduciary may, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity 
Spread to the Dealer Poll Method, subject in the case of both (i) and (ii) to giving to the Noteholders, 
in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions, not less 
than 5 Business Days nor more than 10 Business Days' notice prior to the date of effect of the Switch 
Option specified in such notice, and the Switch Option shall take effect on the date of effect specified 
in such notice; 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day).
3.2
ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS
3.2.1
Succession event 
If a succession event occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may – in addition 
to the provisions of Condition 2 "Definitions"– decide to either:
(A)
replace the Reference Entity (i) by the Successor or (ii) in case of several Successors, by 
one, some or all of the Successors resulting from the succession event;
(B)
substitute the Successor or Successors by one or several Similar Reference Entity(ies) (as 
defined in Condition 1.7.4;
(C)
apply Monetisation until Maturity Date as per General Condition 6.2.2 of the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes; or
(D)
consider such succession event as an Early Redemption Event as defined in Condition 
1.1.8.4 paragraph (A), which will cause an early redemption of the Notes at an Early 
Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes;
in any case, it being understood that, in case of (A) or (B) above:
(a)
such replacement or substitution shall affect only the provisions related to Reference Entity 
Spread; and
(b)
the Calculation Agent will (x) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to 
the elements relating to a credit default swap on the relevant Reference Entity used to 
determine the Reference Entity Spread and any settlement or payment terms under the 
Notes, and/or adjust any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve 
the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes and (y) determine 
the effective date of that adjustment.

--- Page 681 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes
681
3.2.2
External Provider Event 
On any day where the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, 
upon the Fiduciary becoming aware that the External Provider Spread is no longer available or it is 
illegal or impossible (as determined by the Calculation Agent) for the Calculation Agent to use the 
External Provider Method, the Fiduciary will change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread 
to the Dealer Poll Method with immediate effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent 
and, in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), to the Noteholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable.
3.2.3
Credit Index Event 
If the Effective Credit Index Spread is no longer available or it is impossible (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) for the Calculation Agent to use the Effective Credit Index Spread, the Fiduciary 
will replace the determination of the Effective Credit Index Spread by the weighted average of the 
Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities in the relevant Reference Portfolio with immediate 
effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Notices), to the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 682 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes
682
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes apply if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Inflation Linked Notes".
1.
DEFINITIONS
Closing Price means the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Period which is relevant to the 
calculation of a payment under the Notes.
Fallback Bond means a bond, if any, selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the 
government of the country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays an 
interest or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity 
date which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the 
Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity 
before the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the 
Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation 
Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not 
any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays an interest or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked 
bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing 
on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If 
the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, 
but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including 
any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). For the avoidance of doubt, if no bond defined 
in (a), (b) or (c) above is selected by the Calculation Agent, there will be no Fallback Bond.
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the relevant Inflation Index on a regular basis.
Inflation Index means any inflation index specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1 below.
Payment Date means any date on which a payment is due and payable pursuant to the terms of the 
Notes. 
Reference Period means the time period for which the level of the Inflation Index was calculated and 
to which, as a result, such level of Inflation Index refers, regardless of when this level is published or 
announced. The time period may be, but is not limited to, a calendar year, a semester, a quarter or 
a month.
Substitute Index Level means an index level, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with Condition 0 below.
Successor Index has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2 below.
2.
ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS 
2.1
Delay of Publication 
(a)
If the Closing Price is not published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior 
to the next following Payment Date under the Notes, the Calculation Agent will determine a 
Substitute Index Level (in place of such Closing Price) by using the following methodology:

--- Page 683 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes
683
(i)
if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to determine the 
Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date as that taken by the relevant 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Fallback Bond; 
(ii)
if (i) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date for any 
reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level as 
follows: 
Substitute Index Level =  Base Level ×  (Latest Level / Reference Level)
Where: 
Base Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the time period which is 
12 calendar months prior to the time period for which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" 
estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the time period in 
respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being calculated; and 
Reference Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" 
estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the time period that 
is 12 calendar months prior to the time period referred to in "Latest Level" above.
(b)
If a Closing Price is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business 
Days prior to the next following Payment Date under the Notes, such Closing Price will not 
be used in any calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to the 
paragraph (a) above will be the definitive level for that Reference Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with this Condition 2.1, 
the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (x) the 
Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with this Condition 2.1 and/or (y) any amount 
payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary.
Provided however that:
-
all references to the word "five" in (a) and (b) aboveshall be deemed to be a reference to 
another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the 
relevant Clearing System.
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
2.2
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the 
Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a Successor Index) 
(in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows:
(i)
if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the relevant calculation agent 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Fallback Bond, such successor index shall be 
designated a Successor Index for the purposes of all subsequent Payment Dates in relation 
to the Notes, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) below;

--- Page 684 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes
684
(ii)
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph (i) above, and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by the Index Sponsor, specifying that the 
Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index Sponsor, 
and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the 
same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of 
the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index 
for purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement index comes into effect; 
(iii)
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement 
index for the Inflation Index should be. If at least four responses are received, and of those 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will 
be deemed the "Successor Index". If three responses are received, and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Index". 
If fewer than three responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph 
(iv) hereof; 
(iv)
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above by the 
fifth Business Day prior to the next following Payment Date under the Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index for such date, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, and such index will be deemed the "Successor Index"; 
Provided however that:
-
all references to the word "fifth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another 
time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the 
relevant Clearing System; and
(v)
if the Calculation Agent determines that no alternative index is appropriate, the Calculation 
Agent shall 
(i) 
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that 
case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder, an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined 
in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(ii)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of 
the General Terms and Conditions).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Index shall be deemed to replace the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Notes. 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with this Condition 2.2, the Calculation Agent may 
make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any amount payable under the Notes 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. 
2.3
Rebasing of the Inflation Index
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, 
the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Closing Price from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Fallback Bond, if any, to the level of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If there is no Fallback Bond, 
the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. Any such 
rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Notes.

--- Page 685 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes
685
2.4
Material Modification Prior to Payment Date
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date under the 
Notes, the Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index, then 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall make any 
such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with adjustments made to the Fallback Bond, or, if 
there is no Fallback Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to 
continue as the Inflation Index. 
Provided however that:
-
all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit 
as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing 
System.
2.5
Manifest Error in Publication
If, within the earlier of (i) 30 days of publication, and (ii) the day that is five Business Days prior to the 
next following Payment Date under the Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index 
Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result 
of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction.
Provided however that:
all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.
3.
CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT 
EVENT AND CONSEQUENCES
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have 
the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging or 
Holding Limit Event relating to an Inflation Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent 
may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 686 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
686
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED NOTES AND FOR ETF LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes 
apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "ETP Linked Notes" 
or "ETF Linked Notes".
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes the 
following terms in General Condition 6.2.2.4 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be 
amended as follows:
-
Hedge Positions as used in General Condition 6.2.2.4 means Hypothetical Hedge Positions;
-
Intermediate Hedge Positions as used in General Condition 6.2.2.4 means Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions;
-
Optional Hedge Positions as used in General Condition 6.2.2.4 means Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions.
1.
DEFINITIONS
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an ETP or an ETF, each date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless such day is a 
Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below;
Basket means a basket composed of ETPs or ETFs (each an Underlying) in the relevant proportions 
or numbers of ETP or ETF specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Closing Price means in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the official closing price of such ETF on the 
relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below.
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETP or of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETP or a 
Basket of ETF, in respect of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred;
ETF means the exchange traded fund (or the exchange traded funds in case of a Basket) specified 
as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 3.1 below.
ETF Documents means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and other 
agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF.
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including 
any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of 
discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment 
adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, 
prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent.
ETF Unit or Unit means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF.
ETP means the exchange-traded product (with the exclusion of ETFs) (or the exchange-traded 
products in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below;

--- Page 687 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
687
ETP Documents means, in respect of any ETP, the constitutive and governing documents and other 
agreements of the ETP specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETP;
ETP Issuer means the legal entity which issued the ETP;
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the corresponding exchange or quotation 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETP or the ETF has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such ETP or ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange);
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of the ETP or the ETF, (or, in the case of a Basket of 
ETP or Basket of ETF, in respect of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time;
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the liquidation 
proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor.
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in ETPs or in the ETF, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes linked to or indexed to the 
relevant ETP or to the relevant ETF, as the case may be, due on the Maturity Date apportioned pro 
rata to each outstanding Note provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Maturity Date, then Hypothetical Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions,
provided further that:
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing 
system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical 
investor in such Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the ETPs or the ETF Units), located in 
France (which for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any of its affiliates), and 
deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the ETPs or by the ETF, to 
have (a) the benefits and obligations, as provided under the ETP Documents or under the ETF 
Documents, as the case may be, of an investor holding ETPs or the ETF; (b) in the case of any 
deemed redemption of such ETP or of such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting 
redemption of ETPs or of the ETF, as the case may be; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment 
in such ETP (when such ETPs are open-ended) or in such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order 
requesting subscription of ETPs or of the ETF, as the case may be;
Intraday Price means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the price of such ETP or such ETF on the 
relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day, including the 
Closing Price;
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the occurrence or existence of (a) 
a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 688 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
688
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time or (c) an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof:
A.
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the ETP or to the ETF on the Exchange or (b) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the ETP or to the ETF on any relevant Related 
Exchange;
B.
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) the 
ETP or the ETF on the Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the ETP or to 
the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange;
C.
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of in the case of an ETP 
or an ETF, the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on 
such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day.
Maturity Disruption Event, means, in respect of ETP only, that an Intermediate Full Liquidation Date 
and/or an Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or 
before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date;
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures and options contracts relating to such ETP or ETF, any successor exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or substitute quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to an ETP or to an ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETP or such ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange);
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means, in respect of ETP only, in respect of a date and an amount 
to be converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such 
amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such date into 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent;
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours;
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETPs 
or of ETFs, in respect of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately), any day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading 
for their respective regular trading session;
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETP Issuer or the 
ETP advisor or agent or to the ETF or the ETF Service Provider that generally accepts such order, 
in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set 
forth in the ETP Documents or in the ETF Documents, as the case may be;
Valuation Date means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETP or for such ETF, the next

--- Page 689 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
689
following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be 
postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below;
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the Scheduled Closing Time provided 
however that if the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be 
the actual closing time of the Exchange.
2.
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled 
Valuation Date and the Scheduled Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for an ETP or 
for an ETF, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such ETP or for such ETF shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that ETP or that ETF, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case:
2.1
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, 
for the ETP or the ETF notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and
2.2
the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith, its estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF 
as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that ETP or that ETF last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the ETP or in the ETF (or if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day) and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF 
so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price;
Provided that if the ETP or the ETF is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to 
the ETP or the ETF affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the 
Averaging Date for each ETP or ETF not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date;
provided however that:
(a)
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed 
pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation 
Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith 
estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing 
Price;
(b)
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the 
case may be pursuant to the provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business 
Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall 
after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Notes 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that 
fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the 
latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of 
the value of the ETP or of the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, 
provided however that:

--- Page 690 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
690
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System.
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
3.
POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - 
MONETISATION UNTIL THE MATURITY DATE
3.1
Potential Adjustment Events
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting an ETP 
Issuer or the value of the relevant ETP or affecting an ETF including, without limitation:
A.
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETPs or of ETF 
Units, or a free distribution (or dividend in the case of ETF Units) of any such ETPs or ETF 
Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or similar issue;
B.
a distribution or issue (or dividend in the case of ETF Units) to existing holders of the relevant 
ETPs or ETF Units of (a) an additional quantity of such ETP or such ETF Units, or (b) other 
share capital or securities granting the right to payment of distributions and/or dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such ETPs or of such ETF Units, or (c) share capital or 
other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETP Issuer 
or by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;
C.
an extraordinary income distribution in case of ETP or dividend in case of ETF;
D.
a repurchase by the ETP Issuer of relevant ETPs or a repurchase by the ETF of relevant 
ETF Units whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, 
other than in respect of a redemption of (i) ETPs initiated by an investor in such ETPs that is 
consistent with the ETP Documents or of (ii) ETF Units initiated by an investor in such ETF 
Units that is consistent with the ETF Documents; or
E.
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the relevant ETPs or quantity of ETPs or of the relevant ETFs or quantity of ETF Units;
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes.
3.2
Extraordinary Events and consequences
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the 
following events (each an Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date:
A.
Change in Law means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or 
capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a Hypothetical Investor to hold, 
acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant ETPs or the 
relevant ETF Units) or, in each case, it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered 
into by Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates with the ETP Issuer or the ETF or an ETP 
advisor mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below or an ETF Service

--- Page 691 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
691
Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below, or (y) Societe 
Generale and/or any of its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under such Notes or the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates or the issuer of the Notes with the ETP Issuer or the ETF or the ETP advisor or 
an ETF Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position);
B.
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the ETP Issuer or an ETP 
advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider, in both cases as the case may be, to 
comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the ETP or an ETP advisor or by the 
ETF or an ETF Service Provider with Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, defining 
(x) the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates may make 
subscriptions and/or redemptions in the ETPs or in the ETF Units (as the case may be, 
different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the ETP 
Documents or pursuant to the ETF Documents, as relevant), including as the case may be 
the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, 
or (y) the undertaking made by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF 
Service Provider to Societe Generale on the basis of which Societe Generale determines 
that it can implement Hypothetical Hedge Positions, Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions in compliance with the Volcker Rule 
(as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes), the termination of 
such agreement by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service 
Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its affiliates or the failing or 
ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the ETP Issuer or the ETP advisor 
or the ETF or the ETF Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole 
or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement;
C.
(x) In respect of an ETP Linked Note, Closure of the ETP Issuer means liquidation, winding 
up or dissolution of the ETP Issuer for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) 
below and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Note, Closure of the ETF means liquidation, 
winding up or dissolution of the ETF for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) 
below; 
D.
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Notes, ETP advisor assets Event means that the 
Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve months, the total value of the 
assets managed by the ETP advisor (including the ETP Issuer) has decreased by 50 per 
cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets) and (y) in respect of an 
ETF Linked Notes, ETF Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that 
over a period of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETF Adviser 
(including the ETF) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in 
value of such assets);
E.
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, ETP Hedging Disruption means that a Hypothetical 
Investor is unable or it is impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or any Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, without limitation, where such inability or 
impracticability has arisen by reason of (i) the restriction on the amount or number of 
redemptions or subscriptions that the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in 
charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions orders) will accept in relation to a single 
date on which the ETP Issuer normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (ii) the 
suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the ETP Issuer (or 
the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting the subscription and redemption 
orders), or (iii) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a 
date occurring after the financial statements of the ETP Issuer have been reviewed by the 
ETP Issuer’s statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges or fees imposed by the 
relevant ETP Issuer or (iv) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such ETP 
imposed by the relevant ETP Issuer, in each case whether these events are imposed by the

--- Page 692 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
692
ETP Issuer without being envisaged in the ETP Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes 
or are already envisaged by the ETP Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes and are 
solely implemented by the ETP Issuer after such date and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked 
Note, "ETF Hedging Disruption" means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is 
impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions or any Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, in each case whether these events are imposed by the ETF without being 
envisaged in the ETF Documents on the Issue Date or are already envisaged by the ETF 
Documents on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by the ETF after such date;
F.
in respect of any ETP, provided that this event is applicable to the ETP Issuer only, an ETP 
Issuer Insolvency Event in respect of any ETF, an ETF Insolvency Event, in both cases, 
means that in respect of any ETP, that the related ETP Issuer or in respect of the related 
ETF that such ETF or such ETF: (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (b) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each 
case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the 
events specified in clauses (a) through (f) above; provided that in the case of an ETP Linked 
Note, this event is applicable to the ETP Issuer only.
G.
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, ETP Issuer Modification means any change or 
modification of the related ETP Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes, that 
could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such ETP or the rights or remedies of 
any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-ended ETP that becomes a closed-
end ETP), as determined by the Calculation Agent and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Note, 
ETF Modification means any change or modification of the related ETF Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes, that could reasonably be expected to affect the 
value of such ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
H.
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, ETP advisor Event means (a) a change, resignation, 
termination or replacement of any ETP advisor, (b) a change of control or indirect control of 
any ETP advisor, (c) any of the ETP advisor is subject to an ETP advisor Insolvency Event, 
where "ETP advisor Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as ETP Issuer Insolvency 
Event described in (F) above, except that ETP Issuer is replaced by ETP advisor or (d) in 
the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the ETP advisors is no longer 
deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the 
Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to

--- Page 693 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
693
be key in the management of the ETP Issuer has occurred and (y) in respect of an ETF 
Linked Notes, ETF Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any ETF Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any 
ETF Service Provider, (c) any of the ETF Service Provider is subject to an ETF Service 
Provider Insolvency Event, where "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same 
meaning as ETF Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that ETF is replaced by 
ETF Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the 
ETF Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard 
of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, 
or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the ETF has occurred;
I.
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the ETP’s aggregate value or the reduction of the 
ETF’s aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions 
of the ETP or the ETF, as the case may be, and/or its operating expenses or would increase 
the proportion of ETPs or ETF Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or 
any funds managed by Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, to such extent that the 
full redemption in one single Valid Order of the ETPs or of the ETF Units held by a 
Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired;
J.
Increased Cost of Hedging means that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Notes) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) 
realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, 
provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging;
K.
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an ETP Issuer 
or an ETF, (a) all the ETPs of that ETP Issuer or all the ETF Units of that ETF, as the case 
may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) 
holders of the ETPs of that ETP Issuer or holders of the ETF Units of that ETF become legally 
prohibited from transferring or redeeming them;
L.
in respect of ETP only, Liquidity Modification means that the ETP Issuer modifies the terms 
and conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are 
settled by the ETP Issuer as provided in the ETP Documents as of the Issue Date of the 
Notes or implements a modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption 
orders can be submitted or are settled by the ETP Issuer regardless as to whether the 
principle of such modification was already envisaged in the ETP Documents as of the Issue 
Date of the Notes;
M.
Merger Event means the conversion of the ETP into another class of ETPs or securities or 
the conversion of the ETF Units into another class of funds units or securities, or the split of 
the ETP Issuer or of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance 
of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party;
N.
in respect of ETF only, Nationalization means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially 
all the assets of an ETF are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof;
O.
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any ETP or any ETF, (a) cancellation, suspension 
or revocation of the registration or approval of such ETP or the related ETP Issuer or of such 
ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such ETP or ETP 
Issuer or over such ETF Units or ETF Service Provider, as the case may be, (b) any change 
in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant ETP Issuer or its ETP

--- Page 694 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
694
advisor or of the relevant ETF or its ETF Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have 
an adverse impact on the value of such ETP or of such ETF or on any investor therein (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related ETP Issuer or any of its ETP advisor 
or such ETF or any of its ETF Service Provider, becoming subject to any investigation, 
proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving 
the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such ETP Issuer or ETP advisor or of such ETP or ETF Service Provider;
P.
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any ETP or any ETF, any failure of the related 
ETP Issuer or of such ETF to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such ETP 
Issuer or such ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor 
or (b) information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance 
with such ETP Issuer or with such ETF, or its authorized representative’s, normal practice 
and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such ETP Issuer’s compliance 
or such ETF’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or 
any other similar policies relating to such ETPs or relating to such ETF, as the case may be;
Q.
Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the related ETP Documents or in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably 
likely to affect the value of the ETPs or of the ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders 
thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material 
modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the ETP Issuer or 
of the ETF from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes by reason of, but not 
limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of 
assets in which the ETP Issuer or the ETF invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of 
the assets of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF;
R.
In respect of an ETF only, Delisting means that such ETF (a) ceases to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange 
(for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State 
of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in 
inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, 
without limitation, a lack of liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option 
contract of the relevant ETF);
S.
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes,
T.
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related ETF 
Service Provider or ETP Issuer (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or 
as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information 
and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide 
Societe Generale with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing 
on the issue date of the Notes) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of 
the trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the ETP or ETF,
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant sensitivities, in a 
processable format to enable Societe Generale, as a holder the ETP or ETF, to calculate its 
market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of the ETF fund or ETP 
Issuer; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used 
by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application commonly 
used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above,
then the Calculation Agent may:
X.
(i) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, 
an Early Redemption Event). In this case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of

--- Page 695 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
695
Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes; or
(ii) only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Redemption 
Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Redemption Amount by the delivery 
of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount in cash; or (b) if 
Liquidity Modification is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did 
not consider such event as an Early Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, 
the Final Redemption Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount in cash; or
Y.
in the case of Merger Event above only, replace the ETP or the ETF Units by the kind and 
number of units or other securities and property receivable on such conversion, split, 
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETPs or of ETF Units, as the case 
may be, prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the 
purposes of determining the value of the ETP or of the ETF and make any adjustment (if 
necessary) to the value of such ETP or of such ETF; or
Z.
apply any of the following methods:
(a)
Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), or 
(b)
(x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, substitute the ETP affected by the 
Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETP) with an ETP (the New ETP) having an 
investment strategy and/or an economic payout similar to the investment strategy 
and/or the economic payout of the Affected ETP and adjust any relevant terms of 
the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary 
under the Notes; or (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Note, Substitution and the 
Calculation Agent shall (i) identify an exchange traded fund (the Substitute ETF) 
having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the ETF affected 
by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETF) and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary 
under the Notes.
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where an ETP or an ETF 
is substituted, on any date "t", with a New ETP or a Substitute ETF, the value of the relevant 
component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable 
Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the New ETP or 
of the Substitute ETF and would mean the closing price of such New ETP on the relevant Exchange 
on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price 
of the Affected ETP or of the Affected ETF on such date "t".
or only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging:
(A)
deduct:
(i)
from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one Note on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of 
any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging and that would be incurred by the 
Hypothetical Investor, in relation to the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Hypothetical Hedge Positions hedging 
the payment obligation of the Fiduciary under the Notes and such amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); 
provided however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount 
shall be deducted from the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one 
Note is higher than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction 
of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall 
be reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the

--- Page 696 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
696
Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted 
from the Interest Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment 
Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part 
after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the 
remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Optional Redemption 
Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first 
(the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or
(ii)
in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the 
Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (if any) or the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date 
of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, and (b) in the 
absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
and Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption 
Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such 
deduction being floored at zero).
Or only in case of FRTB Event:
(B)
Substitute the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF with the Substitute Index (an Index 
Substitution Event), where Substitute Index means an Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF, or, in the 
absence of benchmark for the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF as having an investment 
strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF. Following 
the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Notes shall be governed by the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes for any aspect in relation with the Substitute 
Index.
3.3
Disruption Events relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP 
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the 
following events (each a Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation Date (the Disrupted Day) and 
in respect of an ETP Issuer or ETP :
A.
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Investor (including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions in the ETP Documents permitting the ETP Issuer to delay or refuse subscription 
and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official 
ETP Value by the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of calculating 
such official ETP Value); or
B.
ETP Settlement Disruption means a failure by the ETP Issuer to pay in cash the full amount 
of the redemption proceeds on the date by which the ETP Issuer was scheduled to have paid 
such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible 
or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including without 
limitation due to (a) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the 
ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) 
will accept in relation to a single date on which the ETP Issuer normally accepts redemption 
orders (a gate), (b) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders 
by the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting subscription 
and redemption orders);
C.
ETP Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control 
of a Hypothetical Investor) other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication 
Disruption" in (A) above or "ETP Settlement Disruption" in (B) above affecting such ETP 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price,

--- Page 697 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
697
the Valuation Date, in respect of the ETP affected by such Disruption Event, shall be postponed to 
the immediately following Business Day (as specified to be applicable in relation to such Valuation 
Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no longer affected by a Disruption Event for such affected 
ETP. 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Business Days, 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date or if no Business Day, that is not affected by a Disruption 
Event has occurred at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date, then the Calculation Agent may either:
X.
(i) determine its good faith estimate of the ETP Value which shall be deemed to be the 
Closing Price in respect of such Valuation Date provided that if the Calculation Agent decides 
to make such determination, the Valuation Date shall occur no later than the fourth Business 
Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of such 
determination; or
(ii) only in case of ETP Settlement Disruption, (a) consider such event as an Early 
Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Redemption Amount 
by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount in 
cash; or (b) if Liquidity Modification or ETP Settlement Disruption is continuing on the last 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an Early 
Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption Amount by the 
delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Final Redemption Amount in cash; or
Y.
consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes 
(hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the 
Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid 
an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 
6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
Z.
apply one of the following methods:
(a)
Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), or 
(b)
substitute the ETP affected by such Disruption Event with an ETP having an 
investment strategy and/or an economic payout similar to the investment strategy 
and/or the economic payout of the ETP affected by such Disruption Event (the New 
ETP) and adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the 
case may be pursuant to the provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business 
Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall 
after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Notes 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that 
fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the 
latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of 
the value of the ETP so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, 
provided however that:
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another 
time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the 
relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 698 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes
698
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3, Clearing System means the clearing system through 
which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
3.4
Maturity Disruption Event relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Maturity 
Disruption Event:
A.
the Fiduciary shall consider such extraordinary event as an event triggering an early 
redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). In the case where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes 
and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value 
as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
B.
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes).

--- Page 699 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes
699
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes apply if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Non Equity Security Linked 
Notes".
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
would consider necessary to hedge the Notes at that time.
Basket means a basket composed of the Non Equity Securities (each an Underlying) in the relative 
proportions or numbers of Non Equity Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Closing Price means:
-
in respect of a Non Equity Security being a note, a certificate or an over-the-counter 
derivative product, the fair market value of such Non Equity Security, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;
-
in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other instrument 
negotiated on an organised market, the official settlement price (however described under 
the rules of the relevant related exchange or its clearing house) of such option contract 
published by the related exchange or its clearing house
and adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below.
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliate, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing 
transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, 
assets or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the 
part of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligation under the Notes or any agreement entered 
into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes.
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable 
Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of 
the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence 
Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any 
relevant laws or arrangements.
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other 
instrument negotiated on an organised market, the price or level of such Non Equity Security at any 
time during a trading session published by the related exchange or its clearing house, including the 
Closing Price.
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the jurisdiction in which the relevant 
Exchange is located.
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each 
case, including interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that 
would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with 
any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net 
income of the Hypothetical Investor.

--- Page 700 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes
700
Non Equity Security means a note, a certificate, an over-the-counter derivative product, an option 
contract or any other instrument negotiated on an organised market (or the notes, the certificates, 
the over-the-counter derivative products, the option contracts or any other instrument negotiated on 
an organised market in case of a Basket), specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1 below.
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the relevant authorities in the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of the issuer of any component security.
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local Jurisdiction or 
any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer and in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local 
Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of any issuer of a component security.
Valuation Date means any date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
2.
ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS - HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED 
COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES - CHANGE IN LAW AND CONSEQUENCES
2.1
Adjustments and Extraordinary Events 
In case of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the last Valuation Date of (i) the material or 
substantial modifications of the conditions of any Non Equity Security or (ii) any event or any change 
affecting any Non Equity Security or (iii) a Holding Limit Event in respect of any Non Equity Security 
or issuance of Non Equity Security, as applicable, (in each case, the Affected Non Equity Security) 
(such as but not limited to definitive interruption of quotation of this Affected Non Equity Security or 
termination of the obligations of the Fiduciary of this Affected Non Equity Security under the Affected 
Non Equity Security for any reason, including the early redemption of the Affected Non Equity 
Security) and that (in the case of (i) or (ii)), in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, is likely 
to have a significant effect on the value of the Affected Non Equity Security, then, the Calculation 
Agent may:
(1)
adjust any terms of the Notes, it determines appropriate, in order to take into account the 
economic effect on the Notes of such event; or
(2)
substitute the Affected Non Equity Security with a new underlying asset; 
(3)
consider such event as an event triggering the termination of the Notes (a Termination 
Event), in which case the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of the 
Notes and the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as definied in 
General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(4)
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes).
2.2
Change in law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Insolvency Filing have the 
meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to a Non Equity Security (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the 
adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 701 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes
701
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes apply if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Preference Share Linked Notes".
1.
DEFINITIONS
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Insolvency Filing 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging.
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent and equal to: 
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Early / Preference Share Value Initial)
and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to a minimum of 10 per cent. of the 
Calculation Amount.
Early Redemption Event means that (i) the Fiduciary has become aware that the Preference Shares 
will redeem prior to their scheduled redemption other than pursuant to a Preference Share Automatic 
Early Redemption Event, (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has 
occurred or (iii) the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred.  
Early Redemption Valuation Date means (i) in the case of an Early Redemption Event other than 
an Insolvency Filing, the date determined by the Calculation Agent following the Early Redemption 
Event provided that such date shall be a date within a minimum period of time required in order to 
value the Notes following the Early Redemption Event and must be a date on which the Preference 
Shares remain in issue and (ii) in the case of an Insolvency Filing, the date immediately preceding 
the date of such Insolvency Filing as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be.
Extraordinary Event means a Merger Event, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency and/or a Preference 
Share Adjustment Event.
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Final / Preference Share Value Initial)
and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to a minimum of 10 per cent. of the 
Calculation Amount.
Hedge Counterparty means any party with which the Fiduciary enters into one or any number of 
arrangements in order to hedge the Fiduciary’s obligations to make any payment in respect of the 
Notes and may, for the avoidance of doubt, include Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates.
Hedging Disruption has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions, 
or loans in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange or (b) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) by the Hedge Counterparty, in order to hedge, individually or 
on a portfolio basis, the Fiduciary's obligations in respect of the Notes.
Increased Cost of Hedging has the meanings given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.

--- Page 702 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes
702
Insolvency means a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Preference Share Issuer as determined in 
good faith by the Calculation Agent.
Insolvency Filing has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Maturity Date means the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that: 
(i)
if (a) Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption is applicable in relation to the 
Preference Shares, and (b) a Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
the Maturity Date shall be the day that is five Business Days immediately before the 
automatic early redemption date for the redemption of the Preference Shares corresponding 
to the valuation date on which the Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred under the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, and,
(ii)
if the Valuation Date(1) is to be delayed pursuant to the provisions of the Valuation Date(1) 
definition below, the Maturity Date shall be delayed to five Business Days following Valuation 
Date(1).
Merger Date means the date upon which holders of the necessary number of Preference Shares 
(other than in the case of a takeover offer, Preference Shares owned or controlled by the offeror) to 
constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their 
Preference Shares.
Merger Event means any (A) reclassification or change of the Preference Shares that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Preference Shares outstanding to 
another entity or person, (B) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which the Preference Share Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Preference 
Shares outstanding), (C) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Preference Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Preference Shares (other than such Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person), or (D) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference 
Share Issuer with or into another entity in which the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Preference Shares (other than Preference Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, or takeover offer, tender 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such 
entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or 
other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares 
of the Preference Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of 
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant.
Nationalisation means that all the Preference Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Preference Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof.
Optional Redemption Amount (or Optional Redemption Amount(i)) means, in respect of each 
Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent and equal to:
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Optional / Preference Share Value Initial) or
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Optional(i) / Preference Share Value Initial)

--- Page 703 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes
703
Optional Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional Redemption Valuation Date(i)) means the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes. The applicable Final Terms 
may provide that the Optional Redemption Valuation Date(or Optional Redemption Valuation Date(i) 
as the case may be) will be specified in the notice relating to the Redemption at the Option of the 
Fiduciary.
Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Event means the occurrence of an automatic early 
redemption event under the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
Preference Share Issuer means Mapleis Limited.
Preference Shares means the preference shares as specified in the applicable Final Terms of the 
Preference Share Issuer.
Preference Share Adjustment Event means any adjustment to the terms and conditions of the 
Preference Shares or amounts or values previously determined by the Calculation Agent in respect 
of the Preference Shares, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares.
Preference Share Value means, in respect of any day, the market value of a Preference Share on 
such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Preference Share Value Early means the Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date.
Preference Share Value Final means the Preference Share Value on the Valuation Date(1).
Preference Share Value Initial means the Preference Share Value on the Valuation Date(0).
Preference Share Value Optional (or Preference Share Value Optional(i)) means the Preference 
Share Value on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional Redemption Valuation Date(i) 
as the case may be).
Scheduled Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Valuation Date(0) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Valuation Date(1) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that:
(a)
if any date(s) for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or reference basis 
(or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares, falling on or about such day is to be delayed 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, by reason of a 
disruption, adjustment or other actual or potential event, the Valuation Date(1) shall be such 
delayed valuation or determination date(s); and
(b)
if Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption is applicable in relation to the Preference 
Shares and a Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Valuation 
Date(1) will be the valuation date under the Preference Shares on which the automatic early 
redemption event has occurred (the Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date), provided further that if any date(s) for valuation of or any determination of 
the underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling 
on, or about the Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is to be 
delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, by reason of 
a disruption, adjustment or other actual or potential event, the Valuation Date(1) shall be 
such delayed valuation or determination date(s); 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
2.
EARLY REDEMPTION OF PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES

--- Page 704 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes
704
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Preference Share Linked Notes and 
if in the determination of the Calculation Agent an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary may 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed by payment of the Early Redemption Amount as soon as reasonably practicable following 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date.
3.
OPTIONAL REDEMPTION OF PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Preference Share Linked Notes and 
Redemption at the Option of the Fiduciary is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, 
each Note to be redeemed by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount (or Optional Redemption 
Amount(i), as the case may be) on the Optional Redemption Date (or Optional Redemption Date(i), 
as the case may be), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Preference Share Linked Notes and 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
a Noteholder shall have the option to require the Fiduciary to redeem its Note(s), upon such 
Noteholder giving notice to the Fiduciary in accordance with General Condition 12 of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Fiduciary will then, upon expiry of such notice, redeem, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not 
in part), such Note(s) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount, on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s).

--- Page 705 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes
705
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANT LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes apply if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Warrant Linked Notes".
1.
DEFINITIONS
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased 
Cost of Hedging.
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (or Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i)) means, in 
respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
equal to either of the following (as specified in the applicable Final Terms):
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Exercise / Warrant Value Initial); or
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Exercise(i) / Warrant Value Initial)
Automatic Early Redemption Event (or Automatic Early Redemption Event(i)) means in respect 
of the Notes that the Warrant becomes capable of being exercised early within a one-month period 
following an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(i), as the case may be).
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(i)) means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent and equal to:
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Early / Warrant Value Initial)
Early Redemption Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption 
Event, an Insolvency Filing or a Warrant Termination Event has occurred.
Early Redemption Valuation Date means (i) in case of an Additional Disruption Event, the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent following such Additional Disruption Event provided that such 
date shall be a date within a minimum period of time required in order to value the Notes following 
the occurrence of such Additional Disruption Event and must be a date on which the Warrants remain 
in issue; (ii) in case of an Insolvency Filing the date immediately preceding such Insolvency Filing or 
(iii) in case of a Warrant Termination Event, the Warrant Termination Date which corresponds to such 
Warrant Termination Event, as the case may be.
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Final / Warrant Value Initial)
Hedge Counterparty means any party with which the Fiduciary enters into one or any number of 
arrangements in order to hedge the Fiduciary’s obligations to make any payment in respect of the 
Notes and may, for the avoidance of doubt, include Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates.
Hedging Disruption has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.

--- Page 706 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes
706
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions, 
or loans in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange or (b) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) by the Hedge Counterparty, in order to hedge, individually or 
on a portfolio basis, the Fiduciary's obligations in respect of the Notes.
Increased Cost of Hedging has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.
Insolvency Filing has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Optional Early Redemption Amount (or Optional Early Redemption Amount(i)) means, in 
respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
equal to:
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Optional / Warrant Value Initial) or
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Optional(i) / Warrant Value Initial)
Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date(i)) 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may 
foresee that the Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(i) as the case may be) will be specified in the notice relating to the Redemption at the Option of 
the Fiduciary.
Valuation Date(0) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Valuation Date(1) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Warrants means the warrants issued by the Warrant Issuer specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Warrant Guarantor means the guarantor of the Warrants.
Warrant Issuer means the issuer of the Warrants specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Warrant Termination Date means, in respect of a Warrant, the date on which such Warrant is 
cancelled or terminated as a result of a Warrant Termination Event, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.
Warrant Termination Event means, in respect of a Warrant, (a) the cancellation or termination of 
such Warrant for any reason other than (i) by reason of its scheduled exercise by a holder thereof, 
(ii) its automatic exercise pursuant to its terms or (b) a specified early cancellation event occurs in 
respect of such Warrant in accordance with its terms.
Warrant Value means, in respect of any day, the market value of a Warrant on such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
Warrant Value Early means the Warrant Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date.
Warrant Value Optional (or Warrant Value Optional(i)) means the Warrant Value on the Optional 
Early Redemption Valuation Date (or on the Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), as the 
case may be), as determined by the Calculation Agent.
Warrant Value Exercise (or Warrant Value Exercise(i)) means the Warrant Value on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date (or on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), as the 
case may be), as determined by the Calculation Agent.
Warrant Value Final means the Warrant Value on the Valuation Date(1).

--- Page 707 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes
707
Warrant Value Initial means the Warrant Value on the Valuation Date(0).
2.
EARLY REDEMPTION OF WARRANT LINKED NOTES
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary may give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the General Terms and 
Conditions  of the Notes and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note to be 
redeemed by payment of the Early Redemption Amount as soon as reasonably practicable following 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date or on any other date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
3.
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION OF WARRANT LINKED NOTES
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event (or Automatic Early Redemption Event(i) as the case may be) 
occurs, the Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note to be redeemed by payment of the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount as soon as reasonably practicable following the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), as 
the case may be) or on any other date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
4.
OPTIONAL EARLY REDEMPTION OF WARRANT LINKED NOTES
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Redemption at the Option of the Fiduciary is applicable, the 
Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 12 of the General 
Terms and Conditions  of the Notes and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note 
to be redeemed by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount (or Optional Redemption Amount(i), 
as the case may be) on the Optional Redemption Date (or Optional Redemption Date(i), as the case 
may be), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if the 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is set as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Noteholder shall have the option to require the Fiduciary to redeem any Note, upon such Noteholder 
giving notice to the Fiduciary, in accordance with General Condition 12 of the General Terms and 
Conditions  of the Notes. The Fiduciary will then, upon expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to and 
in accordance with the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such 
Note, on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s).

--- Page 708 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes
708
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Future Linked Notes".
.
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Active Future Contract means the Future specified as such in the applicable Final Terms if "Roll 
Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
would consider necessary to hedge the Notes at that time.
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Future, each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 of these Additional 
Terms and Conditions.
Basket means, a basket composed of the Futures (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions 
or numbers of Futures specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Future Linked Notes are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Closing Price means, in respect of a Future, the Daily Settlement Price of such Future on the 
relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below or, if 
Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Daily Settlement Price 
multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation Agent 
Daily Fixing Time means the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the Future is 
computed by the Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed 
by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily Fixing Time will correspond to the 
end of this period.
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of a Future, the official daily settlement price, determined 
under the rules of the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time.
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of 
any Future comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred.
Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, the corresponding exchange or quotation system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Future, has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Future, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange).
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in 
respect of any Future comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time.
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Future, the expiry date (or month if such information is sufficient 
to identify the Future) of such Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 709 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes
709
Fixing Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily 
Settlement Price of the Active Future Contract.
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily 
Settlement Price of the Next Active Future Contract.
Future(s) means a future contract, which is a standardized contract traded on the relevant Exchange 
specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to (i) adjustment pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 3.1 below and/or (ii) Roll Adjustment if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms.
Future End Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time 
is specified therein, the Scheduled Closing Time.
Future Start Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time 
is specified therein, the Scheduled Opening Time.
Future Underlier means, in respect of a Future, the asset(s), rate(s), index(indices) or reference(s) 
underlying such Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Future and any time between the Future Start Time and the 
Future End Time on a Valuation Date, the price of such Future on the relevant Exchange.
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is 
located.
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Future, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including 
interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be 
withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any 
Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income 
of the Hypothetical Investor.
Initial Quantity Factor, means 1, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.
Market Disruption Event means with respect to a Future the occurrence or existence of any of the 
following events: Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure where:
A.
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of such 
Future or the Future Underlier, including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or 
permanent discontinuance of such Future or the Future Underlier, 
B.
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-
counter, organized or regulated market(s) on which such Future or the Future Underlier is 
traded, 
C.
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with its 
clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) such Future or the Future Underlier on 
the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant 
Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to such Future or the Future 
Underlier, 
D.
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of:
(a)
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Future or the Future Underlier or;

--- Page 710 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes
710
(b)
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to such Future or the 
Future Underlier, 
in each case, prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Next Active Future Contract means any subsequent nearby Future of the Active Future Contract 
specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms, having a later Expiry Date than the Active Future 
Contract.
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on 
a Scheduled Trading Day in accordance.
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Quantity_Adjustment_Factor will be equal 
to 1.
If Option Fixing Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor(i) = (Fixing Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (Fixing Next 
Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost))
If Option TWAP Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then:
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor(i) = (TWAP Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (TWAP Next 
Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost))
Quantity Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with to the following mechanism:
In respect of Valuation Date(0), Quantity Factor will be equal to the Initial Quantity Factor 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day multiplied by the Quantity Adjustment Factor.
If such Scheduled Trading Day is not a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, each exchange or quotation system on which 
the trading activity has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for options contracts relating to such Future or its Future Underlier, any successor exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in options 
contracts relating to a Future or its Future Underlier has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to options contracts 
relating to such Future or its Future Underlier on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange).
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organisation of the issuer of any Future Underlier.
Roll Adjustment means that, if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an adjustment according to which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract 
into the Next Active Future Contract on any Rolling Date at the relevant Rolling Time.
Rolling Cost means 0%, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.
Rolling Date(s) means the date(s) on which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract 
into the Next Active Future Contract. Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Expiry Date of any Active Future Contract will be a Rolling Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Calculation Agent may roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on one or 
several dates which will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 711 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes
711
Rolling Time means the time on (or the period during) which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active 
Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on a Rolling Date. Unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Daily Fixing Time of the Future will be the Rolling Time.
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.
Scheduled Opening Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday opening time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to pre-opening hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in 
respect of any Future comprising the Basket and observed separately), any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading session.
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction 
of tax residence of the issuer.
TWAP Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted 
average price of the Active Future Contract, as calculated between the AFC_TWAPStartTime (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the AFC_TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.
TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time 
weighted average price of the Next Active Future Contract, as calculated between the 
NAFC_TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the NAFC_TWAPEndTime 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Future, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Future, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 2 below.
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Future, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that 
if the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual 
closing time of the Exchange.
2.
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled 
Valuation Date and the Scheduled Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for a Future, 
the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Future shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Future, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date 
is also a Disrupted Day. In that case:
A.
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date, for the Future notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and
B.
the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value of the Future as of 
the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the 
value of the Future so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price.
Provided that if the Future is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Future 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each 
Future not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date;

--- Page 712 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes
712
provided however that:
(a)
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed 
pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation 
Agent shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith 
estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price;
(b)
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the 
case may be pursuant to the provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business 
Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall 
after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Notes 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that 
fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the 
latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of 
the value of the Future so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, 
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System.
3.
ADJUSTMENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENTS - HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, AND CONSEQUENCES - CHANGE IN LAW 
AND CONSEQUENCES- MONETISATION UNTIL THE MATURITY DATE
3.1
Adjustments and Extraordinary Events
3.1.1
Potential Adjustment Events
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Future and, if 
so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to the 
Future used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other 
terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid as explained 
below) and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its determination of the existence 
and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Future of any Potential 
Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall 
take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred in connection with such Potential Adjustment 
Event. If relevant, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related 
Exchange (if any) to options on the Future or the Future Underlier (if any) traded on such Related 
Exchange (if any).
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Future, any event having, in the reasonable  
opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such 
Future and which is not anticipated in terms of such Future as at the Issue Date of the Notes or the 
occurrence of which is not scheduled to occur.

--- Page 713 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes
713
3.1.2
Extraordinary Events and consequences
Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Future, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Futures 
Exchange, (b) a Change of Future Contract, (c) a Modification of Futures Contract, (d) a Cancellation 
of Future Contract, (e) an Illiquidity Event, Roll-Over Failure Event or (g) a Holding Limit Event.
A.
Change of Futures Exchange means that the Future is no longer negotiated on the 
Exchange and/or under a market-standard format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on 
an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent.
B.
Change of Future Contract means that the Future is replaced by a successor futures 
contract that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent.
C.
Modification of Futures Contract means that the publisher of the documentation governing 
the Future announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating such Future or in any other way materially modifies that Future.
D.
Cancellation of Future Contract means that the publisher of a Future announces that it will 
permanently cancel such Future.
E.
Illiquidity Event means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the liquidity of the 
Future has decreased significantly since the Issue Date, such decrease of liquidity being 
likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in 
connection with the Notes.
F.
Roll-Over Failure Event means that the Calculation Agent is unable to make a Roll 
Adjustment for any of the other Extraordinary events above.
G.
Holding Limit Event as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Future (such Future, the Affected Future) on a 
Scheduled Trading Day (an Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may:
(a)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(b)
substitute the Affected Future with another instrument (which shall then become a substitute 
Future) provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant 
adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); or 
(c)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter an 
Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall 
terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each Noteholder an Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
3.1.3
Correction of the Closing Price
In the event that any price or level of a Future published on the Exchange and which is used for any 
calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published and made available to the public by the Exchange after the original publication but no later 
than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result 
of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such 
correction, 
provided however that;

--- Page 714 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes
714
-
all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System.
3.2
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event and consequences - 
Change in Law and consequences
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have 
the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging or 
Holding Limit Event relating to a Future (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply 
the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 715 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
715
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes apply if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Portfolio Linked Notes".
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and in the Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae.
1.
GENERAL DEFINITIONS
ACT(t-1,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of calendar days between the 
Calculation Date (t-1) (included) and Calculation Date (t) (excluded) or such other period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any 
person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or 
indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For 
this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of 
the entity or person.
Aggregate Applicable Transaction Tax means a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
aggregate rate of stamp duty, exchange levies or other equivalent amounts which would apply to any 
Hypothetical Investor placing an order which corresponds to the Modification Proposal communicated 
by the Weighting Advisor, after taking into account any eventually applicable exemptions in relation 
to the Notes. 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Portfolio, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Calculation Date, the next following Scheduled Calculation Date) unless such day is a 
Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. 
Basket Component means an Equity Instrument, a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument or a 
Derivatives Instrument which is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a component of the 
Portfolio and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
Basket Component Type means the type of a Basket Component, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. A Basket Component Type is one of the following: Index, Share, ETF Share, Fund, 
Single Commodity, Single Debt, Single Derivatives.
Calculation Date means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which no Portfolio Disruption Event 
exists, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 6 and on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is possible for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to hedge its positions under 
the Notes using commercially reasonable efforts.
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect 
Services, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing 
during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time.
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, 
the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and 
HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides order-routing and other related services 
for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, 
settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities.
Commodity Instrument means an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, crude oil, cocoa, 
corn, cotton, copper, milk, emissions allowances, cattle, gas oil, gold, silver, heating oil, coffee, wheat, 
lean hogs, natural gas, nickel, orange juice, lead, palladium, platinum, sugar, soybean, and more 
generally any commodity, any index on the aforementioned and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as

--- Page 716 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
716
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Commodity 
Instrument may either be a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index.
Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share.
Crash Put Cost(t) ("CPC(t)") means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), a rate which is determined 
by the Calculation Agent, in accordance with condition 2.6, in order to reflect the cost that the 
Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) would charge if it were to replicate the performance of the Portfolio, 
which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the market value of the Portfolio becoming 
negative.
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation.
DDIMPLong means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
DDIMPShort means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
DDLS means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Debt Instrument means a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including a Euro Medium Term 
Note), and more generally any other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, any index on 
the aforementioned as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Debt 
Instrument may either be a Single Debt or an Underlying Index.
Derivatives Instrument means a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, future or option, a future or 
option or other contract traded on a regulated or organised market, an index on the aforementioned 
regardless of the underlying of such Derivatives Instrument, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Derivatives Instrument may either be a Single Derivatives or an 
Underlying Index.
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs.
DistRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate which is 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is 
specified therein, (i) if Q(k,t) is a positive number, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
percentage of PortfolioDist(k,t) that would be received by a hypothetical investor located in 
Luxembourg, net of any withholding tax, before application of any tax credit and assuming that such 
hypothetical investor does not benefit from double taxation treaties and (ii) if Q(k,t) is a negative 
number, 100%.
Dynamic Portfolio means a Portfolio that is actively managed by the Weighting Advisor pursuant to 
the Weighting Advisory Agreement.
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share or (ii) an ETF Share or (iii) a Fund or (iv) an Index on the 
aforementioned as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. An Equity 
Instrument may either be a Single Equity or an Underlying Index.
ETF means a fund traded on an Exchange that issues ETF shares.
ETF Share means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit of such ETF.
Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system (if 
applicable) on which such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such 
Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index) trade, any 
successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which

--- Page 717 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
717
trading in such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio 
Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index) has relocated.
Exchange Business Day means:
(i)
in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time;
(ii)
in respect of an Underlying Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange of such Underlying Index are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the index sponsor of the Underlying Index 
publishes the closing level of such Underlying Index;
(iii)
in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services any Scheduled Trading 
Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) which is a China Connect 
Business Day.
Fund means a Basket Component which is a fund, with a Basket Component Type specified as Fund 
in the applicable Final Terms.
Fund Adviser means, in relation to a Fund, any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, 
manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary 
investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or 
another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund.
Fund Documents means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund or fund underlying an 
Underlying Index.
Fund Service Provider means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, 
whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund 
administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a 
discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund 
Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, 
operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent, domiciliary agent.
Fund Unit means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit of such Fund.
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of each Fund observed separately, any date as defined in 
the Fund Documents in respect of which the official net asset value of such Fund is dated as of such 
date in accordance with its Fund Documents.
FXHedgeInd(k) means, for each Portfolio Component (k):
(i)
if FX Hedge is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if Portfolio 
Component Currency is different from Portfolio Currency: 1; 
(ii)
if FX Hedge is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 0

--- Page 718 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
718
FXRatio(k,t) means, for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k), the FX-hedge 
ratio applicable if relevant when FX Hedge is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and if Portfolio Component Currency is different from Portfolio Currency. If Dynamic Fx-hedge is not 
specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms then FXRatio(k,t) is set to 1.
GearingInfLong means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the 
Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
GearingInfShort means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the 
Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
GearingSupLong means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the 
Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
GearingSupShort means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the 
Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
GrossGearingSup means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the sum of the long 
exposure and the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Gross Ordinary Distribution means:
(i)
in respect of a Portfolio Component which is an Underlying Index, the sum of distributions 
(including dividends and coupons), expressed in index points, paid in cash by the 
components of the Underlying Index which give rise neither to any adjustment at the level of 
such Underlying Index nor to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and 
Conditions, in each case multiplied by their relevant quantity in the Underlying Index and 
converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as 
published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime.
(ii)
In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Equity, any distribution which is an 
ordinary cash dividend (or distribution with similar characteristics) and which does not give 
rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, converted 
into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by 
the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime.
(iii)
In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Debt, any distribution which is a coupon 
(or distribution with similar characteristics) and which does not give rise to any other 
adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, converted into the Portfolio 
Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the 
PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime.
(iv)
In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Derivatives, any distribution which does 
not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, 
converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as 
published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime provided that 
such distribution does not include any payment due under the Derivatives Instrument on 
scheduled termination thereof or as a result of the amortisation of the notional amount of 
such Derivatives Instrument.
Any Gross Ordinary Distribution shall be determined by the Calculation Agent before the withholding 
or deduction of any taxes at the source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to 
tax in respect of such a Gross Ordinary Distribution, and shall exclude any imputation or other credits, 
refunds or deductions granted by any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such 
Gross Ordinary Distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed 
or levied thereon.
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives,

--- Page 719 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
719
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing 
transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, 
assets or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the 
part of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligation under the Notes.
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable 
Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of 
the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence 
Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any 
relevant laws or arrangements.
Hypothetical Replicating Party means a hypothetical party taking positions in the Portfolio 
Components for the purposes of replicating the performance of the Portfolio.
InitialWeight(k) means the initial weight of Portfolio Component(k) as of Calculation Date(0), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Lag means a positive number, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such number is 
specified therein, one (1).
Local Jurisdiction means, if relevant, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located.
Local Taxes means, in respect of one or several Portfolio Component(s), taxes, duties and similar 
charges (in each case, including interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in 
any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor 
in connection with any Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall 
net income of the Hypothetical Investor.
Market Data means a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a 
spread, or any other data which is either (i) specified as a Portfolio Component and Market Data in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) which is otherwise used in the computation of the Portfolio Level. A 
Market Data may notably be a reference rate like a foreign exchange rate, an interest rate or a 
securities lending or borrowing rate.
Net Asset Value means, in respect of a Fund and a Fund Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per 
unit of such Fund including (for subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all applicable 
costs, taxes and fees (if any) that would be paid (for subscription orders) or received (for redemption 
orders) in cash in one or more times by a Hypothetical Replicating Party pursuant to a Valid Order 
for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of the Fund scheduled to be executed on 
the official net asset value per unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) dated as of such Fund Valuation Day.
Net Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio, net of Crash Put Costs, denominated in the 
Portfolio Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with these Additional Terms 
and Conditions.
NPC(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of distinct Portfolio Component (k) within 
the Portfolio.
Portfolio means a portfolio constituted of Portfolio Components, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Portfolio Cash Component Level (“CashPtf(t)”) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level 
of the cash component in the Portfolio.

--- Page 720 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
720
Portfolio Component or Portfolio Component (k) means any component of the Portfolio specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Portfolio Component may either be a Basket 
Component or a Market Data.
Portfolio Component Currency (k) means the denomination currency of Portfolio Component (k), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Portfolio Currency means the denomination currency of the Portfolio, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such denomination currency is specified therein, the Specified Currency.
Portfolio Disruption Event means the occurrence of a disruption event affecting the Portfolio or a 
Portfolio Component, as further set out in Condition 6.
Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with these Additional Terms and Conditions.
PortfolioDist(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the sum of 
all Gross Ordinary Distributions with an ex date which is between Calculation Date (t-1) (excluded) 
and Calculation Date (t) (included).
PortfolioFX(k,t) means, for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k):
(i)
If Quanto Option is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: the currency exchange rate used to convert the currency of S(k,t) into the Portfolio 
Currency as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
of the Calculation Date (t), as published by the PortfolioFXSource or any successor thereto. 
If no such currency exchange rate is available at the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Calculation Date (t), the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate in respect of the Calculation Date (t); and 
(ii)
If Quanto Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 1.
PortfolioFXSource means a foreign exchange rate source as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such source is specified therein, the WM Company or any successor thereto.
PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime means a time used to determine foreign exchange rates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, 4:00 PM London time (or any 
successor time as of which the Portfolio FX Source publishes it closing foreign exchange rate).
Portfolio Publication Website means a website specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the 
Calculation Agent will publish (i) the composition of the Portfolio and (ii) (if Dynamic Portfolio is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) details relating to each Modification Proposal, 
as further detailed in Condition 3.3.
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic 
of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).
Q(k,0) means the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if not specified, the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) on the 
Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance with Condition 2.4.
Q(k,t) means the number of units of Portfolio Component (k) on Calculation Date (t) as determined 
in accordance with Condition 2.4.
RateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which 
corresponds to a long cash position in the Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless 
the level of RateLong(k,t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation 
Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or

--- Page 721 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
721
gain that would be incurred by the Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging 
instruments in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in 
respect of a cash holding in the Notes.
RateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which 
corresponds to a short cash position in the Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless 
*fixed* is specified next to the level of RateShort(k,t) in the applicable Final Terms, on each 
Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent, upon prior notice 
to the Noteholders, in order to replicate the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Fiduciary (or 
any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) 
reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Notes.
RateLong(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds 
to a long cash position in the Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless the level of RateLong(t) 
is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such rate 
may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred 
by the Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of 
the Notes and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding 
in the Notes.
RateShort(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which 
corresponds to a short cash position in the Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless the 
level of RateShort(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, 
the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain 
that would be incurred by the Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging 
instruments in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in 
respect of a cash holding in the Notes.
Reference Price has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5.
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to 
such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in 
the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index), any successor exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio 
Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index), has temporarily 
relocated.
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the relevant authorities in the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of the issuer (if any) of (1) such Portfolio Component or 
(2) the Portfolio Component(s) underlying such Underlying Index. 
RepoRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate which is 
determined as follows:
(i)
If Q(k,t) is a positive number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateLong(k,t); and
(ii)
If Q(k,t) is a negative number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateShort(k,t).
RepoRateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0).
RepoRateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0).
Restriking Date means each Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 722 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
722
S(k,0) means the level of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, the Reference Price of Portfolio Component 
(k) on the Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance with Condition 2.5.
S(k,t) means the Reference Price of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (t) as 
determined in accordance with Condition 2.5.
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.
For Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following definition of Scheduled Closing 
Time applies:
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect 
Service, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or the China 
Connect Service, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect 
Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours.
Scheduled Calculation Date means the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Scheduled Trading Day means:
(i)
in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Portfolio Component are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
(ii)
in respect of an Underlying Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange of such Underlying Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective 
regular trading sessions and the index sponsor of the Underlying Index is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Underlying Index; and
(iii)
in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services, any day on which (i) each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading session and (ii) the China Connect Service is scheduled to be 
open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions.
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong Limited.
Share means a share of a company or any depositary receipt thereon.
Similar Portfolio means, a portfolio whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the Portfolio, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio comprise, 
without limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors 
reflected in such Portfolio.
Similar Portfolio Component means any Portfolio Component whose "main characteristics" are 
similar to those of the relevant Affected Underlying, in the determination of the Calculation Agent. 
The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio Component comprise, without limitation, its strategy, its 
currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such Portfolio 
Component.
Single Commodity means any Basket Component that is a physical commodity or future contract 
on a physical commodity, with a Basket Component Type specified as Single Commodity in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 723 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
723
Single Debt means any Basket Component that is a note, a euro medium term note, or a bond, with 
a Basket Component Type specified as Single Debt in the applicable Final Terms.
Single Derivatives means any Basket Component that is a derivative instrument such as a 
structured warrant, a future, a forward or an option, with a Basket Component Type specified as 
Single Derivatives in the applicable Final Terms.
Single Equity means any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, with a Basket Component 
Type specified as Share, ETF Share or Fund in the applicable Final Terms.
TargetGearingLong(t) means 
If "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,
a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if 
relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such percentage is 
specified therein, one (1). 
If "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms,
in respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the long 
exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance 
with Condition 3.6.
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingLong(t) shall always be comprised between 
GearingInfLong 
(excluded) 
and 
GearingSupLong 
(excluded), 
and 
the 
sum 
of 
TargetGearingLong(t) and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup if 
such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms.
TargetGearingShort(t) means 
If "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,
a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if 
relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such percentage is 
specified therein, one (1). 
If "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms,
In respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the short 
exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance 
with Condition 3.6.
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingShort(t) shall always be comprised between 
GearingInfShort (excluded) and GearingSupShort (excluded), and the sum of TargetGearingLong(t) 
and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup if such percentages are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the Local Jurisdiction or 
any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer (if any) and in respect of an Underlying Index, the Local 
Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer (if any) of the financial instrument(s) 
underlying such Underlying Index.
TimeBasis means the time basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time basis is 
specified therein: (i) 365 if the Portfolio Currency is set to GBP and (ii) 360 in any other case .
Underlying Index means any Basket Component with a Basket Component Type specified as Index 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 724 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
724
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the 
Underlying Index, if different from the Underlying Index Sponsor, as specified in the operating rules 
of such Underlying Index. 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to the relevant Underlying Index and/or (b) announces (directly or through an Underlying Index 
Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying Index on a regular basis.
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund 
Service Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption 
notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the Fund Documents.
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Calculation Date, the next following Scheduled Calculation Date), unless such day 
is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 and 
Condition 6 below.
Weight Reset Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
2.
DETERMINATION OF THE PORTFOLIO LEVEL 
2.1
Portfolio Level
The Portfolio Level (PL(t)) is, in respect of any Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject to the occurrence or existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
PL(t) = [PL(t ― 1) + Perf (t ― 1,t) + Fin (t ― 1, t)] ― ReplicationFeeCost(t) ― TC(t ― 1,t)
Where:
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, the Specified Denomination.
And with

If Crash Put Costs Calculation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
ReplicationFeeCost(t) means (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) x CPC(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / 
TimeBasis)

Otherwise, if Crash Put Costs Calculation is not specified or is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms
ReplicationFeeCost(t) = 0
Where

If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Calculation Date 
(t) is a Weight Reset Date:
TC(t ― 1,t) =  
NPC(t ― 1,t)
∑
k = 1
Abs[Q(k,t) ―  Q(k,t ― 1) × AdjustmentFactor(k,t)] × S(k,t) × PortfolioFX(k,t) × TCR(k,t)

--- Page 725 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
725
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost 
of such Portfolio Component (k), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is 
specified, such Portfolio Component (k) is deemed to be equal to 0.

Otherwise
TC(t-1,t) = 0
2.2
Performance 
The performance component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:
Perf(t-1,t) = Perf_Component(t-1,t) - Perf_FX(t-1,t) + DivBucket(t)
Where:
Perf_Component(t ― 1,t) =  
NPC(t ― 1)
∑
k = 1 (Q(k,𝑡― 1) ×[AdjustmentFactor(k,t) ×  PortfolioFX(k,t) ×  S(k,t)
―  PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1) ×  S(k,t ― 1) ×(1 ―  RepoRate(k,t ― 1) ×
ACT(t ― 1,t)
TimeBasis )]  )  
And
Perf FX (t ― 1,t)
=  
NPC(t ― 1)
∑
k = 1 [FXRatio(k,t ― 1) × FXHedgeInd(k) × Q(k,t ― 1) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1) × S(k,t ― 1) ×(
PortfolioFX(k,t)
PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1) ― 1)]
And
DivBucket(t) is determined in accordance with section 2.4.
2.3
Financing Cost
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
Fin(t-1,t) = - Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) - Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t) 
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
Fin(t-1,t) = PL(t-1) x ERate(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / TimeBasis - Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) - 
Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t) 
In each case, where:
Fin_Underlying(t ― 1,t)
=
NPC(t ― 1)
∑
k = 1
( Q(k,t ― 1) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1) ×  S(k,t ― 1) × IsFunded(k) × ERate(k,t ― 1) ×
ACT(t ― 1,t)
TimeBasis  
And

--- Page 726 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
726
Fin_ForexStrat(t ― 1,t) =  
NPC(t ― 1)
∑
k = 1 (FXRatio(k,t ― 1) × FXHedgeInd(k) ×  Q(k,t ― 1) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1) ×  S(k,t ― 1)
×  IsFunded(k) × (Rate(k,t ― 1) ― ERate(k,t ― 1)) ×
ACT(t ― 1,t)
TimeBasis   )
And where:
IsFunded(k) means:
Only if Unfunded Component is applicable in respect of Portfolio Component (k):
0
If Unfunded Component is not specified or is specified as not applicable in respect of Portfolio 
Component (k): 
1
ERate(t-1) and each ERate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance with the following:
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:
If Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is not specified or is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms:
ERate(t-1) = RateLong(t-1)
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1)
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then: 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1)
Only if Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms:
If
PL(t ― 1)
―
NPC(t ― 1)
∑
k = 1
(FXRatio(k,t ― 1) × (1 ― FXHedgeInd(k)) ×  Q(k,tR(t)) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1) ×  S(k,t ― 1)
×  IsFunded(k) ) ≥0
then:
ERate(t-1)= RateLong(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateLong(t-1)
Else:
ERate(t-1) = RateShort(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateShort(t-1)
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1)
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then:

--- Page 727 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
727
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1)
Each Rate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance with the following:
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateShort(k,t-1)
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateLong(k,t-1)
2.4
Computation of the quantities Q(k,t)
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event 
Q(k,t) shall be determined in accordance with the following formula:

If Weight Reset is specified as applicable and Calculation Date (t) is a Weight Reset 
Date :
Q(k,t) =  PL(t ― 1) ×
InitialWeight(k)
S(k,t ― 1) ×  PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1)

Otherwise
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x ReweightFactor(k,t)
Where:
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:
Q(k,0) = PL(0) ×
InitialWeight(k)
S(k,0) × PortfolioFX(k,0)
And
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each 
Portfolio Component (k):
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorLong(t)
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorShort(t)
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t):
If:
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong
Or if:
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong
Or if:
t is a Restriking Date

--- Page 728 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
728
Or if:
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms
And:
Either :
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort
Or :
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort
Or :
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup
Then:
ReweightFactorLong(t) =  TargetGearingLong(t) × 2
×
PL(t ― 1) + Perf(t ― 1,t) + Fin(t ― 1,t)
∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 1)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― 1)) + Q(k,t ― 1)] × AdjustmentFactor(k,t) × S(k,t) × Portfol
Else: 
ReweightFactorLong(t)=1
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long 
and Short Restrikes is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorLong(t) shall 
always be set to 1.
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t):
If:
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort
Or if:
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag)  < GearingInfShort
Or if:
t is a Restriking Date
Or if:
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms
And:
Either :
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong

--- Page 729 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
729
Or :
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong
Or :
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > 
GrossGearingSup
Then:
ReweightFactorShort(t) =  TargetGearingShort(t) × 2
×
PL(t ― 1) + Perf(t ― 1,t) + Fin(t ― 1,t)
∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 1)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― 1)) ― Q(k,t ― 1)] × AdjustmentFactor(k,t) × S(k,t) × PortfolioFX(k,t)
Else: 
ReweightFactorShort(t)=1
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long 
and Short Restrikes is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorShort(t) shall 
always be set to 1.
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following
EffectiveGearingLong(t ― Lag)
=
∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― Lag)) + Q(k,t ― Lag)] × S(k,t ― Lag) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― Lag) 
2 × PL(t ― Lag)
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following
EffectiveGearingShort(t ― Lag)
=
∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― Lag)) ― Q(k,t ― Lag)] × S(k,t ― Lag) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― Lag) 
2 × PL(t ― Lag)
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance with the following on each 
Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k):
If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms:
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) - PortfolioDist(k,t))
And DivBucket(t) = 0
If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms:
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x 
Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x DistRate(j,t) x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) 
(0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x S(j,t-1)))
And DivBucket(t) = 0
If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 730 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
730
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1
And
DivBucket(t) =  
NPC(t ― 1)
∑
k = 1
DistRate(k,t) × PortfolioDist(k,t) × Q(k,t ― 1) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1)
2.5
Reference Price
Reference Price means, in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Date (t) and any Portfolio 
Component (k):
(i)
If "Closing Price" is specified as applicable or if no Reference Price is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and 
a.
if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF 
Share, the official closing price of such Share or ETF Share at the Scheduled Closing 
Time on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) (or the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as the case 
may be); 
b.
if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit, the latest 
available Net Asset Value dated in respect of such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
c.
if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Commodity Instrument, the official closing price 
published on the relevant price source as determined by the Calculation Agent;
d.
if such Portfolio Component (k) a Debt Instrument, the official closing price of such 
Debt Instrument as determined by the Calculation Agent;
e.
if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Underlying Index, the official closing level of 
such Underlying Index as determined by the Underlying Index Calculation Agent on 
the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) (or the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled 
Calculation Date (t), as the case may be); or
f.
if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Derivatives Instrument, the closing value of such 
Derivatives Instrument on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.
(ii) 
if "Fixing Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price or level of 
such Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, as of such Calculation Date (t) and as of the 
ReferenceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms);
(iii)
if "TWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the time weighted average 
price or level of such Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t), 
calculated between the TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(iv)
if "VWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the volume weighted 
average price or level of such Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date 
(t), calculated between the VWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
the VWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;
(v)
if "Opening Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official opening 
price or level of such Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t);

--- Page 731 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
731
(vi)
if "Best Effort" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any of the above 
options, provided that the Reference Price will correspond to the above Reference Price that 
would be actually obtained by the Calculation Agent (or any of its affiliates) if it were to hedge 
such Reference Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(vii)
if "Bid-Ask Spread" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then
i.
if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order 
because of an increased exposure to such Portfolio Component (k), the resulting 
Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 + SpreadMidAsk) 
(SpreadMidAsk being specified in the applicable Final Terms); and
ii.
if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of 
a decreased exposure to such Portfolio Component (k), the resulting Reference 
Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 - SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid 
being specified in the applicable Final Terms),
provided that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options 
may be applied in a different manner in respect of (i) different Scheduled Calculation Dates, 
(ii) different Portfolio Components; or provided that, if "Dynamic Portfolio" is set to applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, any one of the above options may be applied in a different 
manner in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Dates and any Portfolio Components 
depending on whether a Modification Proposal (as defined in Condition 3) is effective on a 
given Calculation Date.
2.6
Determination of the Crash Put Cost, "CPC(t)"
If:
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) +
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) > 1
Then:
CPC(t) = LeverageEff(t) x CPLevel(ADD (t))
Else:
CPC(t) = 0
Where LeverageEff is the effective leverage determined as follows
LeverageEff(t) = Max((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 
x PL(t))) ; (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))))
And the Crash Put Level (CPLevel(ADD(t))) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the 
Calculation Agent based on the value of the Average Decade Down (ADD(t)) as of such date. and in 
accordance with the CPLevel table specified in the applicable Final Terms, The CPLevel table 
contains the CPLevel rates applicable for any given level of the Average Decade Down. 
The Average Decade Down ADD(t) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:
ADD(t) = LeverageLS(t) x DDLS + LeverageIMP(t) x DDIMP(t)
Where
The Long-Short Leverage (LeverageLS(t)) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t):

--- Page 732 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
732
LeverageLS(t) = Min((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 
x PL(t))) ;  (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))))
The Implicit Leverage (LeverageIMP(t)) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t):
LeverageIMP(t) = LeverageEff(t) – LeverageLS(t)
DDIMP(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t):
If 
NPC(t)
∑
k = 1
(Q(k,t) × S(k,t) × PortfolioFX(k,t)) ≥0
Then: DDIMP(t) = DDIMPLong
Else : DDIMP(t) = DDIMPShort
2.7
Determination of the Portfolio Cash Component Level, “CashPtf(t)”
The Portfolio Cash Component is determined, in respect of Calculation Date (t), in accordance with 
the following formula :
CashPtf(t) =  PL(t) ―
NPC(t)
∑
k = 1
Q(k,t) × S(k,t) × PortfolioFX(k,t)
3.
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DYNAMIC PORTFOLIO
This Condition 3 applies only if "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms. Unless otherwise stated herein, the following is to be considered as an additional 
Condition to these Additional Terms and Conditions.
As further detailed hereinafter and in particular in Condition 3.3 and 3.6, the composition of the 
Portfolio and the target gearing exposures may be amended by way of Modification Proposal(s) 
submitted by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with these Conditions 3.3 and 3.6.
3.1
Additional definitions applicable to Dynamic Portfolios
Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a Global Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, a Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria or a Modification Related Eligibility Criteria, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
ExecCostRateIn(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an 
execution 
cost 
rate 
which 
is 
set 
out 
in 
https://www.sgmarkets.com/ 
Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851, or which is set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that would be incurred by 
the Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) if it were to buy hedging instruments in respect of the Notes. 
ExecCostRateOut(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an 
execution 
cost 
rate 
which 
is 
set 
out 
in 
https://www.sgmarkets.com 
/Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851, or which is set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that would be incurred by 
the Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) if it were to sell hedging instruments in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 733 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
733
ExecAddOnRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a 
transaction cost rate which is set out in the applicable Final Terms, or 0 (zero) if not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Force Majeure Event means exceptional circumstances with respect to the Notes, the Fiduciary, the 
Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor beyond the control of such parties such as, without 
limitation, any change in national or international political, legal, tax, financial or regulatory conditions 
or any calamity or emergency which prevent or to a material extent restrict the performance of the 
Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor of its obligations under the Weighting 
Advisory Agreement or the Terms and Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final Terms.
Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with 
Condition 3.3.
Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Modification Proposal. A Modification Trigger shall be 
one or more of the following: 
(a)
past or forecasted level and/or performance of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or
(b)
past or forecasted level and/or level of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to 
the Modification Proposal; and/or
(c)
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Modification Proposal; and/or
(d)
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or
(e)
publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio or the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or
(f)
determination of expected or publication of realised fundamental valuation the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or
(g)
determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or
(h)
determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or
(i)
absence of the Modification Proposal, the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria would not be complied 
with; and/or
(j)
regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or
(k)
determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally 
liquidity l of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
and/or
(l)
determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof) ; 
and/or
(m)
events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index.
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a set of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and as further detailed in Condition 3.4. Any Modification Proposal by the 
Weighting Advisor which is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be rejected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 3.3.
Rebalancing Date means the day on which a Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 734 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
734
Rebalancing Lag means the number of Calculation Date between the Review Date and the 
Rebalancing Date.
Review Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms on which a 
Modification Proposal is deemed to be received by the Calculation Agent from (i) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) (ii) the final Valuation Date, that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any of the existing 
Portfolio Components that are the subject of the Modification Proposal and would not be a Disrupted 
Day assuming that any instrument or data that is proposed by the Weighting Advisor in a Modification 
Proposal to become a new Portfolio Component(s) is already included in the Portfolio. 
Target Exposure Implementation Date means the day on which a Target Exposure Modification 
Proposal is deemed to be effective, as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
Target Exposure Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor 
in accordance with Condition 3.6.
Target Exposure Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Target Exposure Modification 
Proposal. A Target Exposure Modification Trigger shall be one or more of the following:
(a)
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or
(b)
publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio; and/or
(c)
determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or
(d)
determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or
(e)
regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or
(f)
determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally 
liquidity of the Portfolio Components; and/or
(g)
determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); 
and/or
(h)
events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index.
Theoretical Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms.
Total Number of Portfolio Components over two Consecutive Days or TNPC(t-1,t) means in 
respect of the Calculation Dates (t) and (t-1), the cumulative number of different Portfolio Components 
comprising the Portfolio as of such Calculation Dates (t) and (t-1).
Weighting Advisor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which is 
entitled to propose Modification Proposal(s) in accordance with Condition 3.3.
Weighting Advisory Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Calculation Agent, the 
Fiduciary and the Weighting Advisor in respect of the Notes pursuant to which the Fiduciary and the 
Calculation Agent will appoint the Weighting Advisor whose duties will include proposing Modification 
Proposal(s) to the Portfolio. Under the terms of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the 
Weighting Advisor and every Modification Proposal will aim to maximise the Portfolio Level 
in accordance with these Additional Terms and Conditions including, without limitation 
Condition 3 and the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. The Weighting Advisor will also remain 
responsible, in performing its duties under the Weighting Advisory Agreement, for acting honestly 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and for exercising the diligence of a reasonably prudent 
investment advisor or adviser in comparable circumstances.

--- Page 735 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
735
3.2
Amendments to Condition 2
The following amendments are made to Condition 2 above for the purpose of determining the 
Portfolio Level of the Portfolio.
3.2.1
Amendments to Condition 2.1
The formula used to determine the Portfolio Level is replaced with the following:
PL(t) = [PL(t ― 1) + Perf (t ― 1,t) + Fin (t ― 1, t)] ― TC(t ― 1,t)
Where:
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, the Specified Denomination.
TC(t ― 1,t)
=  
TNPC(t ― 1,t)
∑
k = 1
Abs[Q(k,t) ―  Q(k,t ― 1) × AdjustmentFactor(k,t)] × S(k,t) × PortfolioFX(k,t) × TCR(k,t)
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost 
of such Portfolio Component (k), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is 
specified, the transaction cost is determined in accordance with the following:
Where TCR(k,t) = ExecCostRate(k,t) + ExecAddOnRate(k,t)
And ExecCostRate (k,t) is determined in accordance with the following:
If Q(k,t) ≥ Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateIn (k,t)
If Q(k,t) < Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateOut (k,t)
3.2.2
Amendments to Condition 2.4
Condition 2.4 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event 
Q(k,t) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formulae:
If there is no Modification Proposal with a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t)

If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
Calculation Date is a Weight Reset Date :
Q(k,t) =  PL(t ― 1) ×
InitialWeight(k)
S(k,t ― 1) ×  PortfolioFX(k,t ― 1)

Otherwise
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x ReweightFactor(k,t)
Where:
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:
Q(k,0) = PL(0) ×
InitialWeight(k)
S(k,0) × PortfolioFX(k,0)

--- Page 736 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
736
And
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of 
each Portfolio Component (k):
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorLong(t)
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorShort(t)
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t):
If:
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong
Or if:
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong
Or if:
t is a Restriking Date
Or if:
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms
And:
Either :
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort
Or :
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort
Or :
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > 
GrossGearingSup
Then:
ReweightFactorLong(t) =  TargetGearingLong(t) × 2
×
PL(t ― 1) + Perf(t ― 1,t) + Fin(t ― 1,t)
∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 1)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― 1)) + Q(k,t ― 1)] × AdjustmentFactor(k,t) × S(k,t) ×
Else : 
ReweightFactorLong(t)=1

--- Page 737 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
737
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long 
and Short Restrikes is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorLong(t) shall 
always be set to 1.
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t):
If:
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort
Or if:
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag)  < GearingInfShort
Or if:
t is a Restriking Date
Or if:
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms
And:
Either:
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong
Or:
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong
Or:
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) 
+ 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) 
> 
GrossGearingSup
Then:
ReweightFactorShort(t) =  TargetGearingShort(t) × 2
×
∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― Lag)) + Q(k,t ― Lag)] × S(k,t ― Lag) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― La
2 × PL(t ― Lag)
Else : 
ReweightFactorShort(t)=1
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long 
and Short Restrikes is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorShort(t) shall 
always be set to 1.
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following
EffectiveGearingLong(t ― Lag)
=
2 × CashPtf(t ― Lag) + ∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― Lag)) + Q(k,t ― Lag)] × S(k,t ― Lag) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― L
2 × PL(t ― Lag)

--- Page 738 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
738
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following
EffectiveGearingShort(t ― Lag)
=
∑𝑁𝑃𝐶(𝑡― 𝐿𝑎𝑔)
𝑘= 1
[Abs(Q(k,t ― Lag)) ― Q(k,t ― Lag)] × S(k,t ― Lag) × PortfolioFX(k,t ― Lag) 
2 × PL(t ― Lag)
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance with the following on each 
Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k):
If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms:
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) - PortfolioDist(k,t))
And DivBucket(t) = 0
If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms:
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x 
Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x DistRate(j,t) x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) 
(0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x S(j,t-1)))
And DivBucket(t) = 0
If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms:
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1
And DivBucket(t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t) x Q(k,t-1) x 
PortfolioFX(k,t-1))
If there are one or more Modification Proposal(s) affecting Portfolio Component (k) with a 
Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t):
Unless communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3, Q(k,t) is 
determined according with the below formula:
Q(k,t) =  PL(t ― RLag) ×
RebalWeight(k)
S(k,t ― RLag) ×  PortfolioFX(k,t ― RLag)
Where :
  
RebalWeight (t) is providing by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3; and

RLag means the maximum between (i) 1 and (ii) the Rebalancing Lag.
3.3
Re-Weighting of Dynamic Portfolio composition
3.3.1
The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to 
the Portfolio, subject to the Portfolio remaining in compliance with each and every Applicable Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria.
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to:
(i)
the quantity or the weight of any Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio;
(ii)
the inclusion of one or several new Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio;
(iii)
the removal of one of several Portfolio Component (k) from Portfolio; or

--- Page 739 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
739
(iv)
any combination thereof.
(each a Modification Proposal, together the Modification Proposals) in accordance with the 
procedure described in Condition 3.4 (the Re-Weighting Procedure). For the avoidance of doubt, 
any Q(k,t) may be equal to 0 in which case the Portfolio Component shall be deemed to be removed 
from the Portfolio. It is understood that it is under the responsibility of the Weighting Advisor to ensure 
that any Modification Proposal complies with the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and that, subject to 
Condition 3.3.2, neither the Fiduciary nor the Calculation Agent will influence a Modification Proposal.
In addition, when submitting a Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all 
necessary details required to implement such Modification Proposal and (ii) the Modification 
Trigger(s) applicable to such Modification Proposal. 
3.3.2
Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Modification Proposals 
relating to the Portfolio unless the Calculation Agent determines:
(i)
the proposed Modification Proposal would breach or cause a breach of any provision of the 
Weighting Advisory Agreement, any applicable law, regulations or risk or compliance 
guidelines and policy of the Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii)
the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and in 
particular the Modification Proposal is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
set out in the applicable Final Terms; or
(iii)
the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Modification 
Proposal is incomplete, in particular it does not include parameters which are necessary to 
implement the proposed Modification Proposal, including but not limited to the applicable 
Modification Trigger and information necessary to identify each Portfolio Component or 
elements necessary to determine the quantity of each Portfolio Component; or 
(iv)
the Fiduciary's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Notes would be 
materially affected by the implementation of the Modification Proposal or such Modification 
Proposal would increase the cost of hedging the Notes, including but not limited to (i) as a 
result of a change in law or regulation, (ii) the imposition of taxes, stamp duties, financial 
transaction tax or any other tax or levy having a similar effect or (iii) in case the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that the liquidity of 
the Portfolio Component affected by such Modification Proposal is not sufficient for the 
Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates, to implement such Modification 
Proposal; or
(v)
a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Notes, the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or 
the Weighting Advisor has occurred and is continuing.
Unless a Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or 
more of the above grounds, the Calculation Agent shall then implement such Modification Proposal 
in accordance with the Re-Weighting Procedure without any liability of the Calculation Agent in 
relation to the opportunity of such Modification Proposal.
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio 
Publication Website:
-
the composition of the Portfolio; and
-
the detail of each Modification Proposal including the applicable Modification Trigger.
3.4
Re-Weighting Procedure
Subject to the provision of 3.3.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Rebalancing Date make 
the Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio requested by the Weighting Advisor, provided the 
relevant request was received before the Communication Deadline on the Review Date. Any request

--- Page 740 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
740
received on a Review Date after the Communication Deadline shall be deemed to be received on the 
immediately subsequent Review Date.
3.5
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria
Global Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria
means one or more of the following:
-
The Portfolio shall meet the diversification requirements 
applying to the assets of an Undertaking for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities complying with the 
European Union Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 
on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment 
in transferable securities or any successor thereto (including 
the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 13 July 2009, as amended); or 
-
The Portfolio must [not] contain [less][more] [than] [specify 
number of Portfolio Components in the applicable Final 
Terms] Portfolio Components
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria
means the combination of (i) a Portfolio Component Type Criteria 
and/or (ii) a Portfolio Component Sub Type Criteria and/or (iii) one or 
more Attribute Criteria and/or (iv) a Criteria Impact,
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
A Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria is expressed as 
follows:
[Portfolio Component Type Criteria] [and] [Portfolio Component 
SubType Criteria] [and] [one or more Attribute Criteria] [Criteria 
Impact]
Only instruments or market data that meet the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria may become a Portfolio Component at the 
exclusion of all the others.

--- Page 741 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
741
Portfolio 
Component 
Type Criteria
means a criteria which defines the types of 
Portfolio 
Components 
(each 
a 
"Portfolio 
Component Type" and together the "Portfolio 
Component Types") which are subject to a 
Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria is expressed 
as follows:
[A] Portfolio Component[s]which [is][are] [one of 
the 
following] 
[a][an][Portfolio 
Component 
Type]
Where "Portfolio Component Type" means any of 
the following:
-
Commodity Instrument
-
Debt Instrument
-
Derivatives Instrument
-
Equity Instrument
-
Market Data
which shall be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 742 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
742
Portfolio 
Component 
Sub Type 
Criteria
means in respect of a Portfolio Component Type 
defined pursuant to the Portfolio Component 
Type Criteria, a criteria which defines the sub type 
of Portfolio Component Type (each a "Portfolio 
Component Sub Type" and together the "Portfolio 
Component Sub Types").  A Portfolio Component 
Sub Type Criteria is expressed as follows:
[and] 
[which] 
[is][are] 
[not] 
[one 
of 
the 
following][a][an] [Portfolio Component Sub 
Type]
Where the Portfolio Component Sub Type(s):
-
in respect of Commodity Instruments 
means either Single Commodity or 
Underlying Index 
-
in respect of Debt Instruments means 
either Single Debt, or Underlying Index
-
In 
respect 
Derivatives 
Instruments 
means either Single Derivatives or 
Underlying Index
-
In respect Equity Instruments means 
either Share, ETF Share, Fund or 
Underlying Index
-
In respect Market Data means either 
foreign exchange rate, interest rate or 
securities lending or borrowing rate.
In each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Attribute 
Criteria
means one or more of the identification conditions 
listed in the section "Attribute Criteria" below, and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms that must 
be met by a Portfolio Component in addition to the 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria and the 
Component Portfolio Sub-Type Criteria (if any) 
and expressed as follows:
[for][which] [is][are] [not] [has][have][does not 
have][do not have] [a][an][Attribute(s)] [higher] 
[lower] [than] [or] [equal to][among the following] 
[one of the following] [is][are][not] [set to] 
[Attribute Value(s)]

--- Page 743 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
743
Criteria Impact
means the constraint or set thereof which 
apply(ies) to an Attribute Criteria (or set thereof) 
in relation to a given set of Portfolio Component 
Type(s) and/or Portfolio Component Sub Type(s). 
It is expressed as follows:
[[is][are] [not] allowed]
[must [not] have [an individual][an aggregate] 
[quantity][weight 
(as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent as its quantity multiplied by its 
price or level, converted if necessary into the 
Portfolio Currency, then divided by the Portfolio 
Level)] 
[higher][lower][than][or][equal 
to] 
[Quantitative Constraint]].
Where Quantitative Constraint(s) is a number, 
rate, percentage or level specified in the 
applicable Final Terms under the item Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria.
Modification Related 
Eligibility Criteria
means one or more of the following:
-
The proposed Modification Proposal shall not require the 
Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent to trade more than [specify 
percentage] of the average of traded volumes on the relevant 
Exchange over the past [specify the number of days in the 
applicable Final Terms] days (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent);
-
The Weighting Advisor must [not] propose [at least][at 
most][more than][less than] [specify number of Modification 
Proposal(s) in the applicable Final Terms] Modification 
Proposal(s) per [specify frequency];
-
The Weighting Advisor [may][must][not][only] propose a 
Modification Proposal on the following dates: [specify date in 
the applicable Final Terms]. 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
List of Attributes with Attribute Values
Attributes
Attribute Values
listed on a regulated Exchange of
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the country 
where the Exchange(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) 
which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria are located.]
listed on 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Exchange(s) 
of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to 
the Component Related Eligibility Criteria]
issued by 
[specify 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
Company(ies) 
or 
issuer(s) 
of 
the 
Portfolio

--- Page 744 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
744
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria]
issued by an entity located in 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the registration 
country(ies) of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria]
issued by an entity whose industry is 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the industry(ies) 
of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria]
issued by an entity whose sector is 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sector(s) of 
the Portfolio Component(s) or, as relevant, of the 
Company(ies) 
or 
issuer(s) 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria]
issued by an entity whose sub-sector is 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-sector(s) 
of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria]
denominated in 
[specify 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
denomination 
currency(ies) 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria]
issue size
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate 
issue size of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria]
Net Asset Value
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate 
net asset value of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria]
market capitalisation
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate 
market capitalisation of the Portfolio Component(s) 
which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria]
[number of days] days average traded 
volume
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the period (for 
example 60 days) and the corresponding average 
volume traded on the relevant market or Exchange 
over such period]
registered for public offering in
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the country(ies) 
where the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria 
can be offered to the public]
compliant with the European Union 
Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 
1985 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions 
relating to undertakings for collective 
investment in transferable securities or 
any successor thereto (including the 
not applicable

--- Page 745 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
745
Directive 2009/65/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 
2009, as amended)
sponsored by
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sponsor of 
the Portfolio Component(s) (for example an index) 
which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria]
managed by
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the manager of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria]
advised by
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the advisor of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria, for example the 
advisor of the fund]
sub-managed by
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-manager 
of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to 
the Component Related Eligibility Criteria]
issued by an entity whose long term 
credit rating
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the credit rating 
of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria]
published by
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the publisher of 
the Portfolio Component(s) (for example an index) 
which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria]
member of [a publicly available Index]
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the publicly 
available index or indices which must contain the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria]
underlying
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the underlying of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria]
eligible for inclusion to the assets of an 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities complying with 
the 
European 
Union 
Directive 
85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the 
coordination of laws, regulations and 
administrative 
provisions 
relating 
to 
undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities or any successor 
thereto 
(including 
the 
Directive 
2009/65/EC of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 13 July 2009, as 
amended).
not applicable
Reference Price
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Reference 
Price election, see Condition 2.5]

--- Page 746 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
746
FX Hedge
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the FX Hedge 
election, i.e. applicable or not applicable]
3.6
Changing the target exposures
3.6.1 
The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to 
the target gearing percentages of the exposures.
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to:
(i)
the value of TargetGearingLong;
(ii)
the value of TargetGearingShort;
(each a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, together the Target Exposure Modification 
Proposals) in accordance with the procedure described in Condition 3.7 (the Change in Target 
Gearings Procedure). It is understood that neither the Fiduciary nor the Calculation Agent will 
influence a Target Exposure Modification Proposal.
In addition, when submitting a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall 
provide (i) all necessary details required to implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal 
and (ii) the Target Exposure Modification Trigger(s) applicable to such Target Exposure Modification 
Proposal. 
3.6.2 
Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Target Exposure 
Modification Proposals relating to the Portfolio unless the Calculation Agent determines:
(i)
the proposed Target Exposure Modification would breach or cause a breach of any provision 
of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, any applicable law, regulations or risk or compliance 
guidelines and policy of the Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii)
the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(iii)
the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Target Exposure 
Modification is incomplete, in particular it does not include parameters which are necessary 
to implement the proposed Target Exposure Modification, including but not limited to the 
applicable Target Exposure Modification Trigger; or 
(iv)
the Fiduciary's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Notes would be 
materially affected by the implementation of the Target Exposure Modification Proposal; or
(v)
a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Notes, the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or 
the Weighting Advisor has occurred and is continuing.
Unless a Target Exposure Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of one or more of the above grounds, the Calculation Agent shall then implement such Target 
Exposure Modification Proposal in accordance with the Change in Target Gearings Procedure 
without any liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Target Exposure 
Modification Proposal.
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio 
Publication Website:
-
the values of the TargetGearingLong and TargetGearingShort; and
-
the detail of each Target Exposure Modification Proposal including the applicable Target 
Exposure Modification Trigger.

--- Page 747 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
747
3.7
Change in Target Gearings Procedure
Subject to the provision of 3.6.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Target Exposure 
Implementation Date make the Target Exposure Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio requested 
by the Weighting Advisor, provided the relevant request was received before the Communication 
Deadline on the Review Date. Any request received on a Review Date after the Communication 
Deadline shall be deemed to be received on the immediately subsequent Review Date.
3.8
Effect of Termination of Weighting Advisory Agreement
If the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated prior to the Maturity Date (or, in case of open-
ended Notes, the last Optional Redemption Date), the Calculation Agent may:
(i)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of 
the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes; or
(ii)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes); or
(iii)
name a substitute Weighting Advisor (the "Substitute Weighting Advisor"), suitable to the 
Calculation Agent, that will take over the obligations of the existing Weighting Advisor, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence of the Termination of the Weighting Advisory 
Agreement and no later than one month after the Termination of the Weighting Advisory 
Agreement. If the substitute Weighting Advisory Agreement is not signed at the same time 
as the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated, the Portfolio Components will keep the 
same weightings as those on the date of Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement. 
If no such Substitute Weighting Advisor is named up to one month after the Termination of 
the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the Calculation Agent may apply either (i) or (ii) above.
4.
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR VALUATION DATES OR AVERAGING DATES
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date) is a Disrupted Day for a Portfolio, then the 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Portfolio shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Portfolio, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case:
A.
the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
B.
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Portfolio on that eighth Scheduled 
Calculation Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Portfolio 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day;
provided that if the Portfolio is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the 
Portfolio affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for 
each other underlying comprised in the Basket and not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date;
provided however that:
(a)
if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed 
pursuant to the provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is 
not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the eighth 
Scheduled Calculation Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled 
Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not

--- Page 748 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
748
occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date is also a Scheduled 
Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations 
described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio so calculated 
shall be deemed the Closing Price; and
(b)
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the 
case may be pursuant to the provisions above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business 
Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date. If a Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall 
after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Notes 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that 
fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the 
latest on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio 
so calculated shall be deemed the Portfolio Level, 
provided however that: 
-
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time 
limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System.
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
5.
ADJUSTMENTS, EVENTS, MONETISATION UNTIL THE MATURITY DATE, HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INCREASED COST OF BORROW, CHANGE 
IN LAW CHINA CONNECT SHARE DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE 
TERMINATION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES
5.1
Stop-Loss Event relating to a Portfolio
If, on any Calculation Date after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation 
Date (included), the Portfolio Level of a Portfolio is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of 
its Portfolio Level on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Portfolio and the event, the Stop-Loss 
Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to:
A.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay to each Noteholder an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of 
Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes; or
B.
continue the Notes according to their terms.
5.2
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow, Loss of Borrow 
and consequences
Hedging Disruption means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), 
that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to 
either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes or the agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates by the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes; or (b) freely realize, recover, receive, 
repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of Hedge Positions as the case may be between accounts 
within the jurisdiction of the Hedge Positions (the Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the 
Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction.

--- Page 749 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
749
Increased Cost of Hedging means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as 
Underlying(s), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) or costs specified in these Additional Terms and Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary with respect to the Notes or (b) freely realize, recover 
or remit the proceeds of its Hedge Positions.
Increased Cost of Borrow means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as 
Underlying(s), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Notes) rate to borrow hedging instruments in respect 
of the Notes.
Loss of Borrow means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to 
borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) hedging instruments with respect to the Notes in an amount it 
deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by 
the Fiduciary with respect to the Notes
In case of the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, an Increased Cost 
of Borrow or a Loss of Borrow relating to a Portfolio (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent 
may:
A.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of 
the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes; or
B.
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes); but only in the case of Increased Cost of 
Hedging; or
C.
replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that when doing so, the 
Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve 
the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any 
taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no 
obligation to remove the Portfolio Component triggering the Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow or Loss of Borrow and reinvest its proceeds into 
the other Portfolio Components,
and deduct:
(a)
from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one Note on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new or any 
increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost 
of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, in relation to the Hedge 
Positions hedging the payment obligation of the Fiduciary under the Notes and such amount 
to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); 
provided however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall 
be deducted from the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Note is higher 
than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction 
Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero and 
the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction 
of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest Amount(s) due on one or more 
of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been

--- Page 750 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
750
deducted in all or in part after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the 
Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Optional Redemption 
Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first (the result of such 
deduction being floored at zero); or
(b)
in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption Date (if any), 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption 
Amount (if any), whichever comes first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption 
Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in 
each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the 
result of such deduction being floored at zero). 
5.3
Change in Law and consequences
Change in Law means in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s) that, 
on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date and (b) the first Valuation Date of the Notes (i) due 
to the adoption of any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any 
law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) due to the promulgation of 
or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines that it has become illegal for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to 
hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions or to maintain the agreement entered into with Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates by the issuer of the Notes, relating to the Underlying of the Notes (the 
Affected Underlying).
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation 
Date or the last Averaging Date of a Change in Law, the Calculation Agent will decide to:
a.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of 
the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes; or
b.
replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that when doing so, the 
Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve 
the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any 
taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no 
obligation to remove the Portfolio Component triggering the Change in Law and reinvest its 
proceeds into the other Portfolio Components; or
c.
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes).
5.4
China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and 
consequences
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply:
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be 
accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the 
purpose of the China Connect Service;
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one 
or more of the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any

--- Page 751 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
751
reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood 
that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary,
then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, while China Connect 
Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the 
transaction(s), upon at least two Scheduled Trading Days’ notice specifying the date of such 
termination, in which event the Calculation Agent will apply the Early Redemption.
5.5
Holding Limit Event
In case of the occurrence of a Holding Limit Event relating to a Portfolio Component (the Affected 
Underlying), the Calculation Agent may:
a.
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under 
the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of 
the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes; or
b.
apply the Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes); or 
c.
replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio Component provided that when doing 
so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject 
to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be 
under no obligation to remove the Portfolio Component triggering the Holding Limit Event 
and reinvest its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components.
6.
PORTFOLIO DISRUPTION EVENTS
6.1
Consequences of a Portfolio Disruption Event
For the purposes of this Condition:
Portfolio Disruption Event means a Basket Component Disruption Event or a Market Data 
Disruption Event, both as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Basket Component Disruption Event means an Equity Instrument Disruption Event, a Commodity 
Instrument Disruption Event, a Debt Instrument Disruption Event or a Derivatives Instrument 
Disruption Event.
If a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs on a Scheduled Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the 
Calculation Agent shall not calculate the Portfolio Level on such Disrupted Day and the next 
Calculation Date for all Portfolio Components shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation 
Date that is not a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio Component as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following the initial Disrupted Day 
is also a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio Component, in which case:
(i)
the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date following the initial Disrupted Day, and each 
Scheduled Calculation Date that is a Disrupted Day thereafter, shall be deemed to be a 
Calculation Date (each, a Disrupted Calculation Date), notwithstanding the existence of a 
Portfolio Disruption Event on such date and only for the purpose of determining the Portfolio 
Level; and 
(ii)
on each Disrupted Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Portfolio Level 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Portfolio Level as set out in 
these Conditions provided that:

--- Page 752 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
752
(a)
if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Basket Component Disruption Event in relation 
to one or more of the Basket Component(s) only (such Basket Component(s) the 
Affected Basket Component(s)): 
(x)
the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated 
using the level or price of such Affected Basket Component(s) last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; 
and 
(y)
the level of each of the Market Data as described in the definition of such 
Market Data on the relevant date(s) of determination shall be calculated as 
if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed;
(b)
if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Market Data Disruption Event in relation to one 
or more of the Market Data only (such Market Data the Affected Market Data):
(x)
the level or price of each Basket Component as described in the definition 
of such Basket Component(s), on the relevant date(s) of determination shall 
be calculated as if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; and 
(y)
the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using 
relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of determination; or
(c)
if the Portfolio Disruption Event comprises both a Basket Component Disruption 
Event as well as a Market Data Disruption Event: 
(x)
the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated 
using the level or price of such Affected Basket Component last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; 
and 
(y)
the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using 
relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this Condition 6.1, any Portfolio Component(s) that 
are neither an Affected Basket Component, nor an Affected Market Data will be valued as of the 
Disrupted Calculation Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Portfolio Disruption Event is continuing on any day falling on or 
after the first Disrupted Calculation Date, then the Calculation Agent may:
(a)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions); or
(b)
substitute the relevant Affected Basket Component or Affected Market Data with another 
instrument (which shall then become a substitute Basket Component or Market Data) 
provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); or
(c)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter an 
Early Redemption Event). In the case where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the 
Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay to each Noteholder an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in General Condition 
6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
6.2
Equity Instrument Disruption Event
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of any Basket Component that is an Equity 
Instrument,

--- Page 753 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
753
(i)
if the Equity Instrument is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, and 
(a)
if the Basket Component Type is "Share" or "ETF", the occurrence or existence of a 
Share Disruption Event, or 
(b)
if the Basket Component Type is "Index", the non-publication of the Underlying 
Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such 
Underlying Index, or a Share Disruption Event in respect of one or more of the 
components in such Underlying Index, or 
(ii)
if the Equity Instrument is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on Funds or any similar 
instrument specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
(a)
if the Basket Component Type is "Fund", the occurrence or existence of a Fund 
Disruption Event, or
(b)
if the Basket Component Type is "Index", the non-publication of the Underlying 
Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such 
Underlying Index, or a Fund Disruption Event in respect of one or more of the 
components in such Underlying Index.
Where,
Share Disruption Event means (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption or (c) an Early 
Closure. 
For the purpose hereof:
A.
Trading Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share 
or Underlying Index on the aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation on trading 
imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise 
(a)
relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments 
underlying such Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s), or 
(b)
relating to futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to 
(i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying Index or (ii) any securities or instruments 
underlying such Underlying Index;
B.
Exchange Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF 
Share or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for 
(a)
(i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such 
Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s) or 
(b)
futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to (i) such 
Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying Index or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying 
such Underlying Index;
C.
Early Closure means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or 
an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
(a)
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or 
instrument underlying such Underlying Index or

--- Page 754 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
754
(b)
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Shares, 
ETF Shares, Underlying Index or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Underlying Index; 
in each case, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled 
Closing Time on such Exchange Business Day.
And where,
Fund Disruption Event means the occurrence or the likely occurrence of (a) a Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption, (b) a Fund Settlement Disruption, or (c) a NAV Determination Disruption 
Event.
For the purpose hereof:
A.
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that 
is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, the occurrence of an event, 
beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party (including in case of any gate, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund or fund 
underlying such Underlying Index to delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) 
which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the Net Asset Value by the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official Net Asset Value) or the 
net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index.
B.
Fund Settlement Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit 
or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, a failure by the Fund or fund underlying such 
Underlying Index to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date by 
which the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index was scheduled to have paid such 
amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or 
impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund or the net asset value of such 
fund underlying such Underlying Index, including without limitation due to (a) the transfer of 
all illiquid assets of such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to a dedicated fund, 
account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders 
of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions 
orders that the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund Service Provider 
generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on 
which such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index normally accepts redemption 
orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders 
by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund Service Provider 
generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the 
postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring 
after the financial statements of the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index have 
been reviewed by its statutory auditors (holdback), in each case whether these events are 
imposed by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index without being envisaged in 
the Fund Documents on the Issue Date or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents 
on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by the Fund or fund underlying such 
Underlying Index after such date.
C.
NAV Determination Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a 
Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, the occurrence of any event, 
beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party that is not a Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption or Fund Settlement Disruption affecting such Fund or fund underlying 
such Underlying Index which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, making it 
impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund or net asset value 
of such fund underlying such Underlying Index.

--- Page 755 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
755
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following definition of 
Share Disruption Event applies:
Share Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (A) a 
Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, (C) a China Connect Disruption, which, in 
either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (D) an Early Closure or (E) a China 
Connect Early Closure. For the purpose hereof:
A.
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share on the 
Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant 
Related Exchange;
B.
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for 
(a) the Share on the Exchange, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the 
Share on any relevant Related Exchange;
C.
China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
routing of orders (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy 
and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the 
Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market 
participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China 
Connect Service; 
D.
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant 
Exchange, or (b) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day;
E.
China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business 
Day of the China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing 
through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service 
system for execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect 
Business Day.] 
6.3
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a 
Commodity Instrument, any event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent disrupts or impairs the 
determination of the level or price of such Commodity Instrument, and includes, without limitation:
1.
if the Basket Component Type is a Single Commodity, the occurrence or existence of a 
Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure; or 
2.
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a

--- Page 756 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
756
Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in respect of 
one or more of the components in such Underlying Index.
Where,
A.
Failure to Publish means the failure by the relevant price source to make public the relevant 
price, or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price source; or
B.
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single 
Commodity or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation 
on trading - imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise - (a) relating to such Single Commodity, 
Underlying Index or any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on the 
Exchange, or (b) relating to futures or options contracts relating to such Single Commodity, 
Underlying Index or any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange.
C.
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single 
Commodity or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) or 
(b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or 
over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or 
instrument underlying such Underlying Index, 
D.
Early Closure means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or 
an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of:
(a)
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index or;
(b)
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Commodity 
Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on 
such Exchange Business Day.
6.4
Debt Instrument Disruption Event
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means with respect to a Basket Component that is a Debt 
Instrument, the occurrence of any of the following events:
1.
if the Basket Component Type is Single Debt, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or 
2.
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a 
Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in respect of 
one or more of the components in such Underlying Index.
Where,
A.
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the 
relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in

--- Page 757 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
757
the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or 
permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument 
underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index).
B.
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-
counter, organized or Regulated Market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument (or any 
securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index) 
is traded, 
C.
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with its 
clearing obligations, or obtain market values for, (a) such (i) Debt Instrument or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, 
on the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the 
relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Debt Instrument 
or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an 
Underlying Index, 
D.
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of:
(a)
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or 
instrument underlying a Debt Instrument that is an Underlying Index or;
(b)
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Debt 
Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Debt Instrument that is an 
Underlying Index, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
6.5
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event means with respect to a Basket Component that is a 
Derivatives Instrument, the occurrence of any of the following events:
1.
if the Basket Component Type is Single Derivatives, the occurrence or existence of a Failure 
to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or 
2.
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a 
Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in respect of 
one or more of the components in such Underlying Index,
Where,
A.
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the 
relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives 
Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant to the redemption, 
cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any 
securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying 
Index), 
B.
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-
counter, organized or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or 
any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an 
Underlying Index) is traded, 
C.
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with its 
clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying

--- Page 758 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
758
Index, on the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on 
the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Derivatives 
Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the 
case of an Underlying Index, 
D.
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of:
(a)
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying a Derivatives Instrument that is an Underlying 
Index or;
(b)
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Derivatives 
Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Derivatives Instrument 
that is an Underlying Index, 
in each case, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
6.6
Market Data Disruption Event
Market Data Disruption Event means with respect to a Portfolio Component that is Market Data, 
the non-publication of the level of any Market Data used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of calculating the Portfolio Level.
7.
PORTFOLIO EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS
7.1
Consequences of a Portfolio Extraordinary Event 
If a Portfolio Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of one or more Portfolio Component(s) (any such 
Portfolio Component, an Affected Portfolio Component) on a Scheduled Calculation Date (an 
Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may:
(a)
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.2.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes); or
(b)
substitute the Affected Portfolio Component with another instrument (which shall then 
become a substitute Portfolio Component) provided that when doing so, the Calculation 
Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any taxes to be 
withhold or paid); or 
(c)
consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter an 
Early Redemption Event). In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the 
Notes and shall pay to each Noteholder,  an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in General Condition 6.2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition:
Portfolio Extraordinary Event means an Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Commodity 
Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Derivatives Instrument 
Extraordinary Event, a Market Data Extraordinary Event or an Underlying Index Extraordinary Event 
as defined herein.
7.2
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is an Equity 
Instrument, (i) if such Equity Instrument is a Share issued by a Company, the occurrence or existence 
of a Share Extraordinary Event, (ii) if such Equity Instrument is an ETF Share, the occurrence or

--- Page 759 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
759
existence of a Share Extraordinary Event or an ETF Extraordinary Event, or (iii) if such Equity 
Instrument is a Fund Unit, the occurrence or existence a Fund Extraordinary Event.
Where,
(i)
Share Extraordinary Event means (a) a Liquidation; (b) a Delisting; (c) a Nationalisation; 
(d) a Merger Event; (e) a De-Merger Event or (f) a Participation Event
A.
Liquidation means that the company related to this Share or the ETF related to this 
ETF Share is subject to a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up, nationalisation, expropriation or is otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
B.
Delisting means that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, the Share or ETF Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than the events described 
under Share Disruption Event) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-
quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any member 
state of the European Union). 
C.
Nationalization means that all the Shares or ETF Shares or all or substantially all 
of the assets of a company or ETF are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof.
D.
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share:
a.
any reclassification or change of such Share (including the change of 
currency reference of the Share) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Share outstanding to another entity or 
person;
b.
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
relevant Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding);
c.
other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares (other than any of such 
Shares owned or controlled by the offeror);
d.
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such 
Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event; or
e.
take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing 
or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.

--- Page 760 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
760
E.
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share, that the Company relevant to 
such Share is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, 
scission or any operation of a similar nature.
F.
Participation Event means that a Company (whose Shares form part of the 
Portfolio) takes a stake exceeding 20 per cent. of another Company whose Shares 
(which shall be the Affected Share in respect of such Participation Event) also form 
part of the Portfolio.
(ii)
ETF Extraordinary Event means (a) ETF Strategy Breach, (b) ETF Termination, (c) ETF 
Currency Change, (d) ETF Regulatory Action, (e) ETF Reporting Event, (f) ETF Modification, 
(g) ETF Reclassification or (h) ETF Redemption or Subscription Event.
A.
ETF Strategy Breach means any change to, breach or violation, intentional or 
otherwise, of the Strategy that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETF 
Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof. 
B.
ETF Termination means the cessation or unwinding, by the ETF Manager of the 
legal arrangements which gave rise to the ETF. 
C.
ETF Currency Change means that the net asset value of the ETF is quoted in a 
different currency to that quoted as of the Issue Date.
D.
ETF Regulatory Action means (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
registration or approval of the ETF or the ETF Shares by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over the ETF or the ETF Shares, (ii) any change in 
the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF Manager or 
the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares 
or on the value of the ETF Shares, or (iii) the ETF, or its ETF Manager becoming 
subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, 
legal or regulatory authority involving any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of the ETF, (including, without limitation, any future, announced or 
implemented material change to any one or more exemptive orders, no action letters 
or interpretative guidance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
SEC), including guidance issued by the SEC’s staff, relating to the ETF or to 
exchange traded funds generally that affects holders of the ETF Shares, whether 
occurring through action of the SEC or otherwise, including as a result of a court 
order or executive order) that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably 
likely to have a material adverse effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of the 
ETF Shares, or the operation of the ETF in accordance with the terms of the ETF 
Documents or (iv) the issuance by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the Fund of an order to suspend redemption obligations of the ETF, 
to freeze assets of the ETF or to take any other action that the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably likely to have a material effect on the value, redeemability 
or liquidity of the ETF Shares.
E.
ETF Reporting Event means, the occurrence of any event affecting the ETF that, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent would make it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of the ETF, 
and such event continues for at least five consecutive Exchange Business Days.
F.
ETF Modification means any change or modification of the ETF Documents that 
could reasonably be expected to affect the value of the ETF Shares or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof from those prevailing on the Issue Date.
G.
ETF Reclassification means (i) the reclassification of the ETF Shares or (ii) the 
acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of ETF into, another fund whose 
mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the Calculation Agent determines to

--- Page 761 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
761
be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmark as of the Issue Date (or 
any proposal for the foregoing occurs).
H.
ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (i) the suspension of transfers of 
any ETF Shares, (ii) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial 
redemption of the ETF Shares, (iii) the non-execution of any creation, subscription 
or redemption order in respect of the ETF Shares, or (iv) the introduction or proposed 
introduction of subscription or redemption fees with respect to the ETF Shares in 
excess of those in effect as of the Issue Date.
For the purposes of this Condition:
ETF Documents means in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and 
conditions relating to such ETF.
ETF Manager means, in respect of an ETF, each of the investment advisor, investment 
manager and sub-manager of such ETF, and any other key individual or entity involved with 
or having supervisory or management powers over such ETF.
Strategy means, in relation to the ETF, the strategies or investment guidelines stated in the 
ETF Documents which contribute to the net asset value of the ETF Shares.
(iii)
Fund Extraordinary Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) Breach 
or Termination of Agreement, (b) Closure of the Fund, (c) Fund Adviser Event, (d) Fund 
Insolvency Event, (e) Fund Modification, (f) Fund Service Provider Event, (g) Holding Ratio, 
(h) Insolvency, (i) Liquidity Modification, (j) Merger Event, (k) Nationalization, (l) Regulatory 
Action, (m) Reporting Disruption, (n) Strategy Breach.
A.
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement 
entered into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider with Societe Generale and/or 
one of its affiliates, defining the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale 
and/or one of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund 
Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms 
then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), including as the case may be the 
rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale and/or one of its 
affiliates, the termination of such agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider 
for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its affiliates or the failing or 
ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund 
Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or 
challenges the validity of such agreement;
B.
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for 
any reason other than those mentioned in (D) or (H) below; 
C.
Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a 
period of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser 
(including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent (either due to redemptions or 
decrease in value of such assets);
D.
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund 
(a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, 
(c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’

--- Page 762 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
762
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition 
is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and 
either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above;
E.
Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund 
Documents prevailing on the Issue Date, that could reasonably be expected to affect 
the value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including 
but not limited to an open-end fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent;
F.
Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control 
of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a 
Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency 
Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (D) above, 
except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer 
deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing 
on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any 
person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred;
G.
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate Net Asset Value under 
an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent has, or is likely 
to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund and/or its 
operating expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to 
be held, by a Hypothetical Replicating Party, to such extent that the full redemption 
in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Replicating Party 
or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired;
H.
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Fund, (a) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to 
a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that 
Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them;
I.
Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at 
which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the 
Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date or implements a 
modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be 
submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the principle of such 
modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date;
J.
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units 
or securities, or the split of the Fund, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale 
or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party;

--- Page 763 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
763
K.
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of 
a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof;
L.
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, 
suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the 
related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such 
Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory 
treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely 
to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor therein 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund 
Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by 
any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged 
violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation 
of such Fund or Fund Service Provider;
M.
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related 
Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such Fund has agreed 
to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party or (b) 
information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party in 
accordance with such Fund, or its authorised representative’s, normal practice and 
that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such Fund’s compliance with 
any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar 
policies relating to such Fund Units;
N.
Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect 
the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile 
prevailing on the Issue Date by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the 
proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund 
invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund;
7.3
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Events
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a 
Commodity Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a Commodity Instrument Modification, (b) a Commodity 
Instrument Liquidity Modification or (c) a Commodity Instrument Cancellation.
A.
Commodity Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Commodity 
Instrument documentation relating to such Commodity Instrument, that could reasonably be 
expected to affect the value of such Commodity Instrument or the rights or remedies of any 
holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent.
B.
Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at 
which subscription or redemption of the Commodity Instrument are modified, regardless as 
to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Commodity 
Instrument documentation. 
C.
Commodity Instrument Cancellation means the unavailability, cancellation or permanent 
discontinuance of the relevant Commodity Instrument.
7.4
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Debt 
Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a Debt Instrument Modification, (b) a Debt Instrument Liquidity 
Modification, (c) a Debt Instrument Cancellation or (d) a Failure to Pay.

--- Page 764 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
764
A.
Debt Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Debt Instrument 
documentation relating to such Debt Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect 
the value of such Debt Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
B.
Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at which 
subscription or redemption of the Debt Instrument are modified, regardless as to whether the 
principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Debt Instrument documentation. 
C.
Debt Instrument Cancellation means the redemption, cancellation or permanent 
discontinuance of the relevant Debt Instrument.
D.
Failure to Pay means the failure of the issuer of the Debt Instrument to make, when and 
where due, any payment under the Debt Instrument documentation or under any other debt 
instrument issued by the issuer of the Debt Instrument at the time of such failure. 
7.5
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Derivatives Instrument, the 
occurrence of (a) a Change of Derivatives Instrument Exchange, (b) a Change of Derivatives 
Instrument, (c) a Modification to Derivatives Instrument or (d) a Cancellation of Derivatives 
Instrument.
A.
Change of Derivatives Instrument Exchange means that the Derivatives Instrument is no 
longer negotiated on the Exchange and/or under a market-standard format as of the Issue 
Date but is negotiated on an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent.
B.
Change of Derivatives Instrument means that the Derivatives Instrument is replaced by a 
successor derivatives product that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent.
C.
Modification to Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of the documentation 
governing the Derivatives Instrument announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating such Derivatives Instrument or in any other way 
materially modifies that Derivatives Instrument.
D.
Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of a Derivatives 
Instrument announces that it will permanently cancel such Derivatives Instrument.
7.6
Market Data Extraordinary Event 
Market Data Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Market Data, the occurrence of (a) a 
Change of Market Data Publisher, (b) a Change of Market Data, (c) a Modification to Market Data or 
(d) a Cancellation of Market Data.
A.
Change of Market Data Publisher means that the Market Data is not calculated and/or 
announced by the publisher of such Market Data in the same conditions as those prevailing 
as of the Issue Date.
B.
Change of Market Data means that the Market Data is replaced by a successor market data 
or index that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent.
C.
Modification to Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it 
will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Market Data 
or in any other way materially modifies that Market Data (other than a modification prescribed 
in that formula or method to maintain that Market Data).
D.
Cancellation of Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it 
will permanently cancel such Market Data.

--- Page 765 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
765
7.7
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means, in respect of an Underlying Index, the occurrence 
of (a) a Change of Underlying Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent; (b) a Change of 
Underlying Index, (c) a Modification to Underlying Index, (d) a Cancellation of Underlying Index or (e) 
Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event.
A.
Change of Underlying Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent means that 
an Underlying Index is not calculated and/or announced by the sponsor of the Underlying 
Index, or as the case may be, the calculation agent of the Underlying Index, but is calculated 
and/or announced by a successor underlying index sponsor, or as the case may be, a 
successor underlying index calculation agent that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent.
B.
Change of Underlying Index means that the Underlying Index is (i) replaced by a successor 
index or (ii) merges with another index to constitute a merged index.
C.
Modification to Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
such Underlying Index or in any other way materially modifies that Underlying Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Underlying Index in 
the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events).
D.
Cancellation of Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index 
announces that it will permanently cancel such Underlying Index. 
E.
Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means any other event having, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Underlying Index. 
8.
ADJUSTMENTS RELATING TO PORTFOLIO COMPONENTS
8.1
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Portfolio 
Component and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the 
elements relating to the relevant Portfolio Component used to determine any settlement or payment 
terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any 
Local Taxes to be withhold or paid as explained below) and (b) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. In its determination of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on 
the theoretical value of the Portfolio Components of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of 
Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or 
otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment Event. If 
relevant, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related 
Exchange (if any) to options on the Portfolio Component (if any) traded on such Related Exchange 
(if any).
For the purposes of this Condition 8.1:
Local Taxes shall mean taxes, duties, and similar charges imposed by the taxing authority of the 
country in which the issuer of the Portfolio Component has been incorporated or (if relevant) in which 
the Exchange, on which the Portfolio Component is listed, is located.
Offshore Investor shall mean a holder of Portfolio Components who is an institutional investor not 
resident in the country in which the issuer of the Portfolio Component has been incorporated or in 
which the Exchange, on which the Share is listed, is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes

--- Page 766 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
766
of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, the jurisdiction 
of residence of the Offshore Investor (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may 
be the jurisdiction of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates.
Potential Adjustment Event means an Equity Potential Adjustment Event or an Other Potential 
Adjustment Event as defined herein.
8.2
Equity Potential Adjustment Event
Equity Potential Adjustment Event means a Share Potential Adjustment Event or an ETF/Fund 
Potential Adjustment Event.
Share Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Share, 
any of the following:
A.
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event), including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation 
or similar issue;
B.
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Share of (a) such Shares, (b) other 
share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Shares, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash 
or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;
C.
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent;
D.
a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid;
E.
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;
F.
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or
G.
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares 
ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Share, 
any of the following:
A.
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units or ETF 
Shares, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Units or ETF Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;
B.
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares 
of (a) an additional quantity of such Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (b) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the 
Fund or ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Units or 
ETF Shares, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund or ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment

--- Page 767 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes
767
(cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;
C.
an extraordinary dividend;
D.
a repurchase by the Fund or ETF of relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a 
redemption of Fund Units or ETF Shares initiated by an investor in such Fund or ETF that is 
consistent with the Fund Documents or the ETF Documents; or
E.
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, may have a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund or ETF or quantity of Fund Units or 
ETF Shares,
8.3
Other Potential Adjustment Event
Other Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Commodity Instrument, a Debt 
Instrument, a Derivatives Instrument or a Market Data, any event having, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Commodity 
Instrument, Debt Instrument, Derivatives Instrument or Market Data and which is not anticipated in 
terms of the relevant instrument as at the Issue Date of the Notes or the occurrence of which is not 
scheduled to occur.

--- Page 768 ---
Guarantee
768
GUARANTEE
THIS GUARANTEE is made as of 18 June 2021 by Societe Generale (the Guarantor) in favour of the holders 
of the Secured Notes (as defined below) and the holders for the time being of interest coupons (if any) 
appertaining to the Secured Notes (the Coupons, which expression shall include the receipts for the 
repayment of principal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the Secured Notes). Each Noteholder and each 
holder of any such Coupon is a Noteholder.
WHEREAS:
(A)
The Fiduciary (the Issuer) proposes from time to time to issue series of fiduciary notes (each a Series 
of Notes, such expression to include each Definitive Bearer Note, each Definitive Bearer SIS Note, 
each Definitive Registered Note, each Global Note, each Registered Note issued by an Issuer (the 
terms "Definitive Bearer Note", "Definitive Bearer SIS Note", "Definitive Registered Note", "Global 
Note" and "Registered Note" have the meanings ascribed thereto in the General Terms and 
Conditions (as set out in the base prospectus dated 18 June 2021 relating to the Issuer’s Fiduciary 
Note Programme (the Base Prospectus)), and to include any receipts issued in respect of Notes 
repayable in instalments)) in accordance with the Luxembourg Act dated 27 July 2003 relating to 
trust and fiduciary contracts, as amended (the Law). The Fiduciary may either issue secured notes 
(the Secured Notes or the Notes) or repack notes (the Repack Notes or the Notes), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
(B)
The terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) will be set out in the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable final terms, a stand-alone prospectus or such other 
offering document(s) as may be issued by the Fiduciary from time to time.
(C)
This Guarantee will only apply in relation to Secured Notes issued on or after the date of this 
Guarantee.  
(D)
The Issuer and the Guarantor have entered into an Agency Agreement dated 7 November 2017 in 
relation to the Notes (the Agency Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) with the Paying Agent, the Registrar and other 
parties named therein.
NOW THIS GUARANTEE WITNESSES as follows:
1.
GUARANTEE
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each Holder 
of Secured Notes that, if,
(i)
other than following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, the Fiduciary does not for 
any reason pay any sum payable by it to such Holder in respect of any Secured Note, or any 
Coupon appertaining thereto (including any premium or any other amounts of whatever 
nature or additional amounts which may become payable under any of the foregoing), as 
and when the same shall become due under the terms and conditions of the Notes, the 
Guarantor will pay to such Holder on demand the amount payable by the Fiduciary to such 
Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Secured Notes; and
(ii)
following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, the Fiduciary does not pay when due 
the full amount payable by it to such Holder in respect of any Secured Note of any Series 
relating to the Collateral Pool to which such Collateral Liquidation Notice relates, or Coupon 
appertaining thereto (including any premium or any other amount of whatever nature, or 
additional amounts which may become payable under any of the foregoing), the Guarantor 
will pay to such Holder an amount equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) such Note’s pro-
rata share of the amount equal to (i) the Early Redemption Amount calculated in respect of 
all of the Secured Notes of such Series minus (ii) the product of (x) the Collateral Assets 
Liquidation Proceeds as reduced by the payments of amounts to Margined Parties ranking 
prior to the Related Agreement Counterparty and (y) the Collateral Ratio.

--- Page 769 ---
Guarantee
769
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee can be subject to the application of a bail-in 
power by any relevant authority. Therefore, all references in this Guarantee to sums or amounts 
payable by the Guarantor shall be to such sums and/or amounts as directly reduced, and/or in the 
case of conversion into equity, as reduced by the amount of such conversion, and/or otherwise 
modified from time to time resulting from the application of a bail-in power by any relevant authority 
and the provisions of clause 1 shall be construed accordingly.
The Guarantor waives all benefits of discussion.
The Guarantor also waives the possibility to raise or assert to the full extent permitted by law any 
objection of any nature whatsoever towards any Noteholder. In particular, the Guarantor 
acknowledges that neither the existence, nor the validity, nor the call of the Guarantee will be 
affected, and that it will not be released from its obligations, at no time, in the event (i) of a payment 
delay, a waiver or whatever acceptance would be granted to the Issuer (ii) the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes would be subject to an amendment or whatever rider, (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor 
would be subject to a merger, division, or in case of disappearance of legal or factual ties existing 
between the Guarantor and the Issuer.
2.
CALL OF THE GUARANTEE
The Guarantee may be called by written notification addressed to the Guarantor by registered letter 
with an acknowledgement of receipt by the relevant Noteholders. Any notification made under the 
Guarantee will be deemed to be received at the date of the first presentation of the registered letter 
with an acknowledgement of receipt. 
All sums due under the Guarantee will be payable in immediately available funds in the currency in 
which they are due in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
3.
TERM
The Guarantee shall come into force on the date of its signature and continue to produce its effects 
until no sums or amounts due by the Issuer under the Secured Notes remains payable.
4.
SUBROGATION
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Guarantee have been irrevocably paid in full, the 
Guarantor shall not, by virtue of this Guarantee, be subrogated to any rights of any Noteholder or 
claim in competition with the Noteholders against the Issuer.
5.
STATUS OF GUARANTEE
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct unconditional unsecured 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided in 
Article L.613-30-I-3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier (the French Code).
Such Guarantee obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority 
among themselves and:
5.1
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the French law n°2016-1691 dated 9 
December 2016 entered into force on 11 December 2016 (the Law);
5.2
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the 
date of the entry into force of the Law;
5.3
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and

--- Page 770 ---
Guarantee
770
5.4
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-
30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the Guarantor.
6.
STAMP DUTY AND REGISTRATION FEES
All stamp duty and registration fees, as well as all taxes, penalties and fees that the Guarantee and 
its performance may generate, will be borne by the Issuer.
7.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
The Guarantee is governed by French law. Any dispute, in particular relating to its validity, its 
interpretation and its performance, will fall under the scope of the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris.
Paris, 18 June 2021

--- Page 771 ---
Description of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
771
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE
1.
STATUTORY AUDITORS
For the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020:
Ernst & Young et Autres
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes
Represented by Micha Missakian
1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie - Paris-La Défense 1, France
Deloitte & Associés
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes
Represented by Jean-Marc Mickeler
6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France.
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés have no material interest in Societe Generale.
2.
INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETE GENERALE
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.
3.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.
4.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.
5.
TREND INFORMATION
Save as disclosed on pages 3 and 4 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document, including the 
impact that the health crisis resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19) may have, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of Societe Generale and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(taken as a whole) since 31 December 2020.
For information on any known trends regarding Societe Generale, please refer to pages 14, 15 and 
59 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and pages 3 to 28 of the First Amendment to the 
2021 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference herein. 
6.
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to Societe Generale.
7.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.
At the Date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
owed by the Board of Directors and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers’ to Societe Generale and 
their private interests and/or other duties. 
8.
SHARE CAPITAL
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 772 ---
Description of Societe Generale 
772
9.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.
Societe Generale is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change in control.
10.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SOCIETE GENERALE’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
10.1
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Save disclosed on pages on pages 259, 519 to 522 and 590 to 592  of the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document and on pages 36 and 37 of the First Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document, for a period covering the last twelve months, there has been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts which are material in the context of the issue of 
Notes thereunder to which Societe Generale is a party nor, to the best of the knowledge and belief 
of Societe Generale, are there any pending or threatened governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings relating to such claims or amounts which are material in the context of the issue of Notes 
thereunder which would in either case jeopardise the Guarantor's ability to discharge its obligations 
in respect of the Notes.
See also section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.
10.2
Significant change in the financial or trading position
There has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of Societe Generale 
and its consolidated subsidiaries (taken as a whole) since 31 March 2021.
10.3
Recent Events
There has been no recent event.
11.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
There are no material contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) 
which could result in any Group member an obligation or entitlement that is material to Societe 
Generale’s ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 773 ---
Description of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
773
DESCRIPTION OF SOCETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.
(formerly Société Générale Bank & Trust S.A.)
1.
STATUTORY AUDITORS
For the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020:
Ernst & Young
Represented by Jean-Michel Yves Pacaud
35E Avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855, Luxembourg
Ernst & Young has no material interest in Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
Member of the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Institut des réviseurs d’entreprises).
2.
INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. was formed as Ingéfilux on 11 April 1956. Its name was changed to 
Luxbanque, Société Luxembourgeoise de Banque S.A. on 7 May 1981. In 1995, the extraordinary 
shareholders’ meeting decided to change the bank’s name to Société Générale Bank & Trust S.A., with effect 
as of 1 June 1995. On 27 January 2020, the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting decided to change the 
bank’s name to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A..  
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) 
and is governed by Luxembourg banking regulations and in particular the Law of 5 April 1993, as amended, 
on the financial sector. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. was incorporated for an unlimited duration. The 
registered office of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is 11 avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg (telephone number: +352 47 93 11 -1). Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is registered with 
the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B6061. The commercial name of Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A. is Societe Generale Luxembourg. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.’s website 
is: https://www.societegenerale.lu/en/  (the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus).
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. has not been established as a special purpose vehicle or entity for the 
purpose of issuing asset backed securities.
3.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
The purpose of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is to perform banking and financial activities that a credit 
institution would be expected to perform in accordance with the law, including and not limited to receiving 
deposits and other reimbursable funds from the public individuals or institutions, to grant loans and carry out 
activity in the financial sector as per law dated 5 April 1993 as modified, or any law that substitutes or 
supplements it in the future. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. may acquire interests of any form in entities 
in or outside the financial sector, in Luxembourgish or foreign companies, by purchasing or acquiring shares, 
bonds, certificates, recognitions of debt, and securities, and administer, develop and manage its portfolio. 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. may borrow in any form and issue bonds, certificates, representative 
securities and financial instruments of all kinds. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. may sign, acquire, 
subscribe, loan, give, repurchase, or transfer in any way possible any instrument listed in the appendices of 
the law dated 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as modified, or any law that substitutes or supplements it 
in the future, as well as any debt. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. provides asset management, 
investment advisory, financial engineering and depository services, in particular for collective investment 
undertakings. It is also active on the financial markets and with institutional clients, with a high volume of 
proprietary cash management transactions and financing operations carried out on behalf of large 
corporations.

--- Page 774 ---
Description of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
774
4.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Name
Position of that person 
within the Board of 
Directors of Societe 
Generale Luxembourg 
S.A.
Activities performed by 
that person outside 
Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. 
where these are 
significant with respect 
to Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
Business address
Patrick Suet 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors
Secretary of SG Board of 
Directors
17 Cours Valmy
92987 Paris la 
Défense Cedex
France
Arnaud Jacquemin
Director/Managing 
Director
Director – Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange
11 avenue Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Bruno Prigent 
Director 
N/A
1-5 rue de 
Débarcadère
92700 Colombes
France
Cécile Bartenieff 
Director
SG Global GBIS COO
17 Cours Valmy
92987 Paris la 
Défense Cedex
France
David Abitbol 
Director
SG Global Head of SGSS
1-5 rue de 
Débarcadère
92700 Colombes
France
Didier Mouget
Director
N/A
25 Sangen
5866 Hespérange
Luxembourg
Fabienne Gatti 
Director
N/A 
– 
Full-time 
with 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
11 avenue Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Abdillah Msahazi
Director
N/A 
– 
Full-time 
with 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
11 avenue Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Frédéric Roveda
Director
N/A 
– 
Full-time 
with 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
11 avenue Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Frédéric Surdon
Director
SG Global Head of Asset 
Finance
17 Cours Valmy
92987 Paris la 
Défense Cedex
France
Patrick Folléa
Director
SG 
Global 
Head 
of 
WAAM
17 Cours Valmy
92987 Paris la

--- Page 775 ---
Description of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
775
Défense Cedex
France
Virgil Magri
Director
N/A 
– 
Full-time 
with 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
11 avenue Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Virginie Lagrange
Director
N/A
11 avenue Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Persons appointed 
for day-to-day 
management
Activities performed by that person outside 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. where 
these are significant with respect to Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A.
Business Address
Arnaud Jacquemin 
N/A 
– 
Full-time 
with 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
11 avenue Emile Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Olivier Blanc
N/A 
– 
Full-time 
with 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
11 avenue Emile Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Hélène Crinquant
N/A 
– 
Full-time 
with 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.
11 avenue Emile Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
5.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is wholly-owned by Sogeparticipations, a société anonyme incorporated 
under French law.
6.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.’S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
6.1
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Save as disclosed on note 8.3 of Societe Generale Luxembourg Annual Financial Statements as of 
31 December 2020 and save as disclosed on pages on pages 259, 519 to 522 and 590 to 592 of the 
2021 Universal Registration Document, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
relating to claims or amounts during the period covering at least twelve months prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is aware) which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.’s and/or the Group’s financial position or 
profitability.
6.2
Material adverse change in the financial position
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 776 ---
Description of Societe Generale Indices (SGI Indices)
776
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES")
SGI Index Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an index that is composed by Societe Generale or 
any other legal entity belonging to the Societe Generale group (each, an SGI Index and collectively, the SGI 
Indices). 
For the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of 
the SGI Indices, Societe Generale, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators pursuant to Articles 34 
and 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The following SGI Indices may be used as underlyings:
-  
SGMDGRFE index - Global Rotation Funds EUR Index
-  
SGMDGPPB Index - SGI Global 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index
-
IND1GMAS Index - Global Multi Asset Strategy EUR Index
-
IND1BQSI Index - Banor Quality Equity Selection Index
-
SGMDPP90 Index - SGI Progressive Protection 90 Index
-
SGITEGD Index - SGI European Green Deal Index
-
SGIXTLU Index - SGI World Travel and Leisure Index
-
SGITGAMA Index - SGI Greener America Ahead Index
 
-
ERIX Index - European Renewable Energy Total Return Index in EUR 
-
SGIXROBO Index - Rise Of The Robots Index (USD - Net Total Return)
-
SGMDDP95 – SGI Dynamic Protection 95% Index (EUR – Total Return)
-
SGMDPP85 – SGI ESG 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index (EUR – Total Return)
Index Rules applicable to an SGI Index, used as underlying of a Series of Notes, will be annexed to the 
applicable Final Terms.
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings following the publication of a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
The rules and the information about the performances of each SGI Index are available on the dedicated 
website of SGI (http://www.sgindex.com).

--- Page 777 ---
Description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares
777
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE SHARES
The following is an overview of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares.
1.
THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER
Mapleis Limited (the Preference Share Issuer) is a private company limited by shares and was 
incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 on 7 March 2016 (with registered number 10045873). 
Mapleis Limited is governed by the laws of England and Wales and has its registered office at One 
Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, England, E14 4SG.
The sole business activity of the Preference Share Issuer is to (i) issue redeemable preference shares 
(the Preference Shares) under its preference share programme (the Preference Shares 
Programme); and (ii) enter into a loan agreement, deposit agreement, or any other agreement or 
transaction with Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates which relate to the Preference Share 
Issuer or the Preference Shares. Accordingly, the Preference Share Issuer does not have any trading 
assets and generates limited net income. The Preference Share Issuer does not have a credit rating.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Preference Share Issuer has 250,000 ordinary shares in 
issue. The Preference Share Issuer may issue further shares with such rights or restrictions as may 
be determined by ordinary resolution or, in the absence of such determination, the directors may 
determine such share rights or restrictions. The ordinary shares of the Preference Share Issuer are 
held by SG Investment Limited.
The Preference Shares may be offered and issued to investors pursuant to the terms agreed with the 
Preference Share Issuer. Societe Generale acts as structuring agent in order to facilitate the offer 
and issue by the Preference Share Issuer of Preference Shares as well as calculation agent in 
respect of the Preference Shares. Other service providers act as registrar and corporate administrator 
to the Preference Share Issuer or in respect of the Preference Shares, as applicable.
A copy of Mapleis Limited's constitutional documents and the terms and conditions of the Preference 
Shares (as contained in the principal memorandum and the relevant supplemental memorandum in 
respect of the Preference Shares) are available to investors in the Preference Share Linked Notes 
on written request (free of charge) from the registered office of Mapleis Limited and from the 
distributor of the relevant Preference Share Linked Notes.
2.
DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION
Copies of the Preference Share Issuer’s constitutional documents (the Articles of Association) will 
be available for inspection at the registered office of the Preference Share Issuer, in each case during 
normal business hours on any weekday (except for Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) for 14 
days following the date of each Supplemental Memorandum (as defined below). 
The Private Placement Memorandum (as defined below) can be obtained by any interested investors 
from Societe Generale.
3.
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY
Copies of the Principal Memorandum (as defined below), any applicable Supplemental Memorandum 
relating to a series of Preference Shares, the Articles of Association and, after publication thereof, 
the annual accounts may be obtained from the corporate administrator at its registered office (Sanne 
Group (UK) Limited, 21 Palmer Street, London, SW1H 0AD) on request.
4.
THE PREFERENCE SHARES
Preference Shares may be issued from time to time by the Preference Share Issuer in a series under 
the Preference Shares Programme. Each series of Preference Shares may have different features 
which are set out in the principal memorandum (the Principal Memorandum) and a series specific

--- Page 778 ---
Description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares
778
supplemental memorandum (the Supplemental Memorandum, and together with the Principal 
Memorandum, the Private Placement Memorandum).
The Preference Shares issued under the Preference Shares Programme may pay dividend 
amount(s) (if any), may pay an automatic early redemption amount and, unless previously redeemed 
or cancelled, will pay a final redemption amount at maturity which may be linked to the performance 
of one or more underlying(s) (each, a Preference Share Underlying) which may include, but will not 
be limited to, equity, depositary receipts,  derivative securities, indices, funds, exchange traded funds, 
commodities, credit, baskets of securities or indices, currencies, futures contracts, portfolios and 
trading strategies. The composition of the relevant Preference Share Underlying(s) may be designed 
to change over time as a result of performance or other factors.
The Supplemental Memorandum applicable to a particular series of Preference Shares will specify 
the redemption amount(s) and dividend amount(s) (if any) and when any such amount is payable and 
the terms based on which it is calculated.
The Preference Shares will not be exchangeable through CREST (or any other clearing system) and 
will not be listed or admitted to trading on any Stock Exchange.
The Private Placement Memorandum also provides that the Preference Share Issuer may redeem 
the Preference Shares early if:
(a)
the Preference Share Issuer's obligations under the relevant series of Preference Shares 
become illegal or impractical; or
(b)
a change in law or regulation occurs that results or will result, solely by reason of the 
Preference Shares being outstanding, in the Preference Share Issuer being required to be 
regulated by any additional regulatory authority or being subject to any additional legal 
requirement or regulation or tax considered by the Preference Share Issuer to be materially 
onerous to it; or
(c)
if the financial product (the return on which is dependent on the value of the Preference 
Shares) is subject to early redemption or cancellation (other than if the early redemption or 
cancellation of the relevant financial product is caused by the early redemption of the relevant 
series of Preference Shares); or
(d)
the Preference Share Calculation Agent determines that an event has occurred and/or is 
existing that constitutes an early redemption event in relation to the relevant series of 
Preference Shares.
5.
THE PREFERENCE SHARE UNDERLYING
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance of the Preference Share 
Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference Shares are linked.
Investors should review the Private Placement Memorandum and other constitutional documents and 
consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.

--- Page 779 ---
Description of the Collateral Custody Agreement and the Fiduciary Accounts
779
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT AND THE FIDUCIARY ACCOUNTS
The Fiduciary, the Collateral Agent, the Guarantor and the Collateral Custodian have entered into the 
Collateral Custody Agreement. The Collateral Custody Agreement sets out the terms on which the Collateral 
Custodian will provide custody services to the Fiduciary in respect of Notes issued under the Programme.
The Collateral Custodian will act as custodian of the Securities and Cash deposited by the Fiduciary for 
safekeeping with the Collateral Custodian in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Custody Agreement 
and the Terms and Conditions.  The Collateral Custodian is authorised and instructed, in respect of each 
Collateral Pool collateralising one or more Series of Notes, to open and maintain, in its books in Luxembourg, 
a Fiduciary Account, in the name of the Fiduciary or in such name as the Fiduciary shall reasonably direct 
comprising:
(i)
one or more securities accounts for the custody and safekeeping of any Securities deposited with 
the Collateral Custodian (each a Collateral Securities Account); and
(ii)
one or more cash accounts of any Cash deposited with the Collateral Custodian (each a Collateral 
Cash Account).
Any such Fiduciary Accounts will be established in the name of the Fiduciary and will at all times be opened 
in Luxembourg. Fiduciary Account means the Collateral Securities Account(s) and Collateral Cash 
Account(s) (taken together), relating to a particular Collateral Pool. Accounts shall mean the Collateral 
Securities Accounts and the Collateral Cash Accounts opened in the books of the Collateral Custodian in 
Luxembourg, and Account shall mean any of them as the context may require.
Any Distributions shall, unless otherwise directed pursuant to written instructions received by the Collateral 
Custodian, be credited:
(i)
if such Distributions are made in Cash, to the Collateral Cash Account; or
(ii)
if such Distributions are in kind Distributions, to the Collateral Securities Account.
Distributions are all interests, dividends, redemption proceeds and other income distributed or paid in cash 
or in kind in respect of Cash and/or Securities. 
Cash shall mean any cash, Distributions and monies received for deposit for the account of the Fiduciary.
Securities shall include all financial instruments in book entry form, including, without limitation, any common 
stock and other equity securities, depositary receipts, bonds, debentures and other debt securities, notes or 
other obligations, asset backed securities, fund units or shares and any instruments representing rights to 
receive, purchase, or subscribe for the same, or representing any other rights distributions or interests therein 
(whether represented by a certificate or held in a depository, with a subcustodian or on the books of the issuer 
of such security) that are acceptable to the Collateral Custodian but excluding investments in any partnership.

--- Page 780 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems
780
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Monte Titoli or SIX SIS Ltd (together, for the purposes of this section, 
the Clearing Systems) currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems 
has been obtained from sources that the Fiduciary and the Guarantor believe to be reliable.
Such information has been accurately reproduced, and as far as the Fiduciary and Guarantor are aware and 
are able to ascertain from information published by such Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Fiduciary, 
the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes 
held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
1.
BOOK ENTRY SYSTEMS
1.1
Euroclear and Clearstream
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending 
and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other.
Euroclear and Clearstream customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to 
Euroclear and Clearstream is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with an account holder of either system.
1.2
SIX SIS Ltd
SIX SIS Ltd has been part of SIX Group since January 2008. SIX Group was formed at the beginning 
of 2008 through the merger of SWX Group, SIS Group and Telekurs Group.
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository SIX SIS Ltd 
offers banks and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of 
custody services and the settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS Ltd settles securities 
transactions worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated securities.
In the Swiss market, SIX SIS Ltd is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to SIX Swiss 
Exchange and the payment systems SIC/euroSIC, ensure fully automated settlement in central bank 
money.
1.3
Monte Titoli
Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli), an Italian limited liability company, is a central securities depository 
authorised pursuant to Regulation (EU) 909/2014. 
The Notes registered in the electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli are regulated under 
the Italian Financial Act, any implementing regulation and any operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by Monte Titoli from time to time.

--- Page 781 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems
781
Transfer and exchange of the ownership and any other right relating to these Notes must only take 
place through authorised intermediaries which are direct or indirect participants to Monte Titoli; 
accordingly, a Noteholder (or such Noteholder's nominee) must establish a book-entry account with 
any such intermediaries. The holder of a security will be the person being shown in the records of the 
relevant intermediary as holder of the notes.
1.4 
LuxCSD
LuxCSD is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and operates as a securities settlement system and central securities 
depositary. It is jointly owned by the Luxembourg Central Bank (Banque Centrale du Luxembourg) 
and Clearstream International S.A.
Its core services are the issuance, safekeeping and settlement of securities. It operates as an issuer 
CSD and an investor CSD based on a link with Clearstream Banking AG in Target2-Securities (T2S). 
It settles securities in T2S with Euro Central Bank Money covering all Euro denominated securities 
issued through LuxCSD.
In connection with an issue of Dematerialised Notes, the Fiduciary must enter into a LuxCSD issuer 
agreement for the Dematerialised Notes to be eligible for issuance and settlement in LuxCSD. The 
purpose of the LuxCSD issuer agreement is to govern the relationship between the Fiduciary and 
LuxCSD regarding the maintenance and reconciliation of the issued outstanding amount of the 
Dematerialised Notes and the appoint LuxCSD as Settlement Organisation (organisme de 
liquidation) in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law.
In connection with an issue of Dematerialised Notes, the Fiduciary must appoint a LuxCSD principal 
agent recognised by LuxCSD to ensure compliance with the LuxCSD operational requirements and 
the eligibility of the Dematerialised Notes in LuxCSD. The LuxCSD principal agent is appointed to 
provide standard communications in a format accepted by LuxCSD and assistance to LuxCSD in 
order to ensure timely and accurate processing of the Dematerialised Notes. Any change in the 
appointment of a LuxCSD principal agent must be communicated to LuxCSD or the applicable 
Settlement Organisation in accordance with its procedures.
The issuance documentation of Dematerialised Notes must be provided to LuxCSD prior to the issue 
date of the Dematerialised Notes in accordance with its procedures.
2.
TRANSFERS OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note will be effected in 
accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing System.
3.
DEMATERIALISED NOTES
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of the Dematerialised 
Securities Law and the operating arrangements of the Settlement Organisation. The Dematerialised 
Notes are represented by book entries in LuxCSD (where LuxCSD is the Settlement Organisation) 
and recorded as such in the issuance accounts held with LuxCSD.
Payments under the Dematerialised Notes are made through LuxCSD. Payments in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes by the Fiduciary or any agent on its behalf will be made to LuxCSD in full 
discharge (effet libératoire) of its payment obligations under the Dematerialised Notes in accordance 
with Article 16 of the Dematerialised Securities Law.

--- Page 782 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
782
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
The Dealers will enter into a programme agreement (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Programme Agreement), in which they will agree with the 
Fiduciary and the Guarantor a basis upon which they (or any one of them) may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and in 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes above. In the Programme Agreement, the Fiduciary will agree 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser 
will be required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any offering material, and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries, and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor.
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Fiduciary and the relevant Purchaser(s) following a 
change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed 
between the Fiduciary and the relevant Purchaser(s). Any such modification will be set out in the syndication 
agreement (if applicable) in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in a Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.
1.
UNITED STATES TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior 
to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. Notes previously issued 
by the relevant Fiduciary may be subject to different selling and transfer restrictions. 
Each purchaser of Notes, or person wishing to transfer an interest in Notes, will be deemed or 
required, as the case may be, to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows:
(i)
that it is a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States at the time the buy order 
for the Notes was originated and continues to be a Permitted Transferee located outside the 
United States and has not purchased the Notes for the benefit of any person in the United 
States or any person that is not a Permitted Transferee or entered into any arrangement for 
the transfer of the Notes to any person in the United States or to any person that is not a 
Permitted Transferee;
(ii)
that the Notes and any Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not, at any time, be held by, or on behalf of, persons other than Permitted Transferees;
(iii)
that, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any 
beneficial interest in the Notes, it will do so only outside the United States in an offshore 
transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act to a Permitted 
Transferee;
(iv)
that Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless agreed to by the Fiduciary:
(a)
if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is Regulation S U.S. Person:

--- Page 783 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
783
"THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET OUT BELOW.
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY, OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRADED, 
PLEDGED, REDEEMED, TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN "OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION" (AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION 
S)) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) 
A "U.S. PERSON"AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. 
PERSON); (B) A PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. 
PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES THEREUNDER (CFTC RULES) OF THE 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF 
DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" 
DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES 
OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE 
PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS," SHALL BE 
CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON); AND (C) A “U.S PERSON” FOR THE PURPOSES 
OF THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION 
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED (RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH A PERSON 
OR ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PERMITTED TRANSFEREES) AND 
ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER OR 
DELIVERY MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A 
PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR 
ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED 
AT ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND 
ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT ARE PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S.
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH 
PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO 
HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS 
SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE NOTES AGREES 
THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO 
FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO 
TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE.
THE FIDUCIARY HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF 
ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. THE FIDUCIARY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR 
TRANSFER ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER ANY NOTE THAT IS HELD BY A 
PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD 
OR TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. 
NO PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE ON THE AFFECTED NOTES FROM THE DATE 
NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
AFFECTED NOTES ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A 
HOLDER OF NOTES, OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, WHO IS REQUIRED TO SELL 
NOTES, OR WHOSE NOTES ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL 
NOT INCUR A SIGNIFICANT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE 
FIDUCIARY, OR FOR THE TRANSFEROR, TO FIND A PERMITTED

--- Page 784 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
784
TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE NOTES. NEITHER THE 
FIDUCIARY NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE TO A HOLDER FOR 
ANY SUCH LOSS.
EACH 
PURCHASER 
OF 
THIS 
NOTE 
OR 
ANY 
INTEREST 
HEREIN 
UNDERSTANDS THAT THE FIDUCIARY MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF 
PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM ONE OR MORE 
BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES.
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE 
CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES 
SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS 
ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS 
SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION 
(OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES 
OR 
OTHER 
TRANSFERS 
OF 
RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED 
IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY 
NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).";
(b)
if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is either Regulation S U.S. Person or IRS 
U.S. Person:
"THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET OUT BELOW.
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY, OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRADED, 
PLEDGED, REDEEMED, TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN "OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION" (AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION 
S)) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) 
A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. 
PERSON) OR AS DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 7701(a)(30) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (IRS U.S. PERSON); (B) A PERSON WHO COMES 
WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES 
THEREUNDER (CFTC RULES) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT 
A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(A)(1)(IV), 
BUT EXCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE 
EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-
UNITED STATES PERSONS," SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND 
(C) A “U.S PERSON” FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE FINAL RULES 
IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 
15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (RISK 
RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH A PERSON OR ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED 
HEREIN, PERMITTED TRANSFEREES) AND ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, 
TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER OR DELIVERY MADE, DIRECTLY 
OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR ANY

--- Page 785 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
785
INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT 
ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND 
ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT ARE PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S.
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH 
PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO 
HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS 
SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE NOTES AGREES 
THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO 
FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO 
TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE.
THE FIDUCIARY HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF 
ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. THE FIDUCIARY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR 
TRANSFER ON BEHALF OF THE HOLDER ANY NOTE THAT IS HELD BY A 
PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD 
OR TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. 
NO PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE ON THE AFFECTED NOTES FROM THE DATE 
NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
AFFECTED NOTES ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A 
HOLDER OF NOTES, OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, WHO IS REQUIRED TO SELL 
NOTES, OR WHOSE NOTES ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL 
NOT INCUR A SIGNIFICANT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE 
FIDUCIARY, OR FOR THE TRANSFEROR, TO FIND A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE NOTES. NEITHER THE 
FIDUCIARY NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE TO A HOLDER FOR 
ANY SUCH LOSS.
EACH 
PURCHASER 
OF 
THIS 
NOTE 
OR 
ANY 
INTEREST 
HEREIN 
UNDERSTANDS THAT THE FIDUCIARY MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF 
PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM ONE OR MORE 
BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES.
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE 
CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES 
SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS 
ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS 
SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION 
(OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES 
OR 
OTHER 
TRANSFERS 
OF 
RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED 
IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY 
NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).";
(v)
that the Fiduciary and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Fiduciary; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for

--- Page 786 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
786
one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each 
such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account; 
(vi)
that the Fiduciary has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of any interest in the Notes to 
a person that is not a Permitted Transferee and the Fiduciary reserves the right to redeem, 
or transfer on behalf of the holder any Note that is held by, or for the account or benefit of, 
any person that is not a Permitted Transferee. No payments will be made on the affected 
Notes from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the affected 
Notes are sold. There can be no assurance that a holder of Notes, or an interest therein, who 
is required to sell Notes, or whose Notes are sold on its behalf (in this way) will not incur a 
significant loss as a result of the need for the Fiduciary, or for the transferor, to find a 
Permitted Transferee willing to purchase the Notes. Neither the Fiduciary nor any other party 
shall be liable to a holder for any such loss; 
(vii)
that the Fiduciary may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Notes from one 
or more book-entry depositories; and
(viii)
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from 
it of the representations and resale restrictions referred to in the foregoing paragraphs, and 
include as part of such transaction any legends or other disclosure required by such 
restrictions.
2.
SELLING RESTRICTIONS: JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
(EEA)
2.1
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(Corporations Act)) in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC).
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it:
(a)
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, 
and will not invite, applications for issue, sale or offers to purchase the Notes in, to or from 
Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and
(b)
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus, 
advertisement or any other offering material relating to the Notes in Australia,
unless:
(c)
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or 
the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with 
Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act;
(d)
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act; and
(e)
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives and does not require 
any document to be lodged with ASIC.
2.2
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 787 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
787
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; 
or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus", as 
defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) 
of Hong Kong (CWUMPO) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of that Ordinance; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules 
made under that Ordinance.
2.4
The People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
Each Dealer and each distributor of an issue will represent and agree that neither it nor any of its 
affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (for 
the purposes of this document, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the PRC) as part of the 
initial distribution of the Notes, except as permitted by the applicable PRC laws and regulations. 
This document does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in 
the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC.
The Fiduciary does not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the 
PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Fiduciary which would 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the 
Notes are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this document or any other document. 
Neither this document nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations.
2.3
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item (v), Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
2.4
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused any Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or 
cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document

--- Page 788 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
788
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person 
(as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the Securities and Futures Act, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of which is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contract (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall 
not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(1)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(2)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(3)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(4)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(5)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, in connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Fiduciary has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(A)(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
2.5
Korea
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other purchaser will be required or deemed to agree, that the Notes have not been and will 
not be offered, delivered or sold directly or indirectly in Korea or to any resident of Korea or to others 
for re-offering or resale directly or indirectly in Korea or to any resident of Korea except as otherwise 
permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations.

--- Page 789 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
789
Each Dealer has undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to undertake to ensure that any securities dealer to which it sells the Notes confirms that it 
is purchasing such Notes as principal and agrees with such Dealer that it will comply with the 
restrictions described above. 
2.6
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other Purchaser will be required or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, 
regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as amended from time to time) in relation to the 
marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes, or the distribution of any marketing or offering 
material in respect of the Notes, in or from Switzerland and (ii) the requirements in respect of the 
distribution of CHF SIS Notes and Other SIS Notes set out in General Condition 1.1.1.2 of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
If pursuant to the applicable Final Terms a public offering in Switzerland is not permissible each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and 
each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made or will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in Switzerland, except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in Switzerland: 
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to article 36(1) or article 37 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (FinSA) (a 
Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by a competent review body under the FinSA or, where appropriate, approved 
by a recognized foreign authority and filed with a competent review body under the FinSA for 
automatic acceptance in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA, provided that (i) the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the FinSA, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;
(b) at any time to any investor which is a professional client as defined in the FinSA;
(c) at any time to fewer than 500 investors, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(d) where the Notes being offered have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency); or
(e) at any time in any other circumstances falling within the scope of article 36(1) or article 37 of the 
FinSA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 of the FinSA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to article 56 of the FinSA.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means any promotion and invitation to the public (i.e. to an unlimited number of persons) to 
acquire Notes that contains sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the financial instrument 
itself.
2.7
United States
The Notes and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading 
in the Notes has not been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. No person has registered and no 
person will register as a "commodity pool operator" of any Fiduciary under the CEA and CFTC Rules,

--- Page 790 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
790
and no Fiduciary has been and no Fiduciary will be registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S.
Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an "offshore 
transaction" (as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
A "Permitted Transferee" means any person who:  
(a)
is not a U.S. Person;  
(b)
is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA 
or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance 
of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified 
eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. 
person); 
(c)
is not a Risk Retention U.S Person; and
(d)
if the applicable Final Terms state that "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction" is "Applicable", has its 
tax residence located in the country specified in the applicable Final Terms and has 
undertaken to provide its identity, holdings and tax residence to the Collateral Custodian 
upon request from the Fiduciary and/or the Dealer(s).. 
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may specify that the Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred to an IRS U.S. Person.
The Notes described herein are available only to Permitted Transferees located outside of the United 
States. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other Purchaser will be required to agree, that it will not at any time offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, or any interest therein, within the United States or to, or for the benefit or account of, persons 
that are not Permitted Transferees Terms used in this paragraph (unless otherwise defined herein) 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
By its purchase of a Note, each purchaser will be deemed or required, as the case may be, to have 
agreed to the transfer restrictions set out in "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions."
In addition in respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(i)
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued 
in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D Rules), each 
Dealer (i) represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted 
period it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) represents that it has not delivered 
and agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes 
in bearer form that are sold during the restricted period;
(ii)
each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will 
have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who 
are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be 
offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules;
(iii)
if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring Notes in bearer form 
for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in 
bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S.

--- Page 791 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
791
Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation 
Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and
(iv)
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes in bearer form from a Dealer for the purpose 
of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and 
confirms the representations and agreements contained in subclauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above 
on such affiliate's behalf; and
(v)
each Dealer agrees that it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. 
Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 
including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010)) that purchases any Notes in bearer form from it pursuant to a 
written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is another 
Dealer), for the benefit of the Fiduciary and each other Dealer, the representations contained 
in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of subclauses (i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a 
Dealer hereunder.
Terms used in this subclause have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules.
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes 
must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Notes within the United States or its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed in connection with the original issuance of such Notes that it has not communicated, and will 
not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such purchaser is within the 
United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of 
such Notes.
2.8
Kingdom of Bahrain
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, and will not offer any Securities in Bahrain 
other than on a private placement basis in compliance with the Central Bank and Financial Institutions 
Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006) of the Kingdom of Bahrain (the CBB Law), the Offering of 
Securities Module contained in CBB Rulebook, Volume 6 ( the OFS Module) and the regulations 
promulgated from time to time thereunder pursuant to the CBB Law, to persons in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means (i) an 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of  holding financial 
assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000, excluding that person’s principal 
place of residence; or more; (ii) companies, a company, partnerships, trusts or other commercial 
undertakings which has have financial assets available for investment of not less than 
U.S.$1,000,000; or (iii) a governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national 
monetary authorities, and/ or a state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial 
instruments (such as a state pension funds).
2.9
The Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold or transferred or 
otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any Notes (as part 
of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal 
entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation

--- Page 792 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
792
or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent 
otherwise permitted under Russian law.
Since neither the issuance of the Notes nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Notes has been 
registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of Russia (the CBR) and no decision 
to admit the Notes to placement or public circulation in the Russian Federation has been made, or is 
intended to be made, by the CBR or a Russian stock exchange, the Notes are not eligible for initial 
offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not be sold or offered in the Russian 
Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. Information set forth in 
this Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, to sell, exchange or 
otherwise transfer, the Notes in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of any Russian person 
or entity and must not be distributed or circulated in the Russian Federation, unless and to the extent 
otherwise permitted under Russian law.
2.10
Taiwan 
The Notes may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan investors or in Taiwan unless they are made 
available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by Taiwan investors outside Taiwan so long as no 
solicitation, marketing, selling and distribution or other similar activities (A) take place  in Taiwan or 
(B) are in violation of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation; and/or (ii) in Taiwan through bank trust 
departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance 
products pursuant to the Taiwan Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products and/or (iii) in Taiwan 
for purchase by purchase by Taiwan Corporate Investors/ Professional Investors/ High-Net-Worth 
Corporate Investors/ Professional Institutional Investors pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions or requirements of, any other applicable laws and regulations of Taiwan, and the internal 
investment procedures/ self-guidances of such investors in related to specific industry restrictions. 
2.11
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Finance Centre)
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge and agree that:
(c)
the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, sold or 
publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates (including the Abu Dhabi 
Global Market) other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities;
(d)
the information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer of 
securities in the United Arab Emirates in accordance with the Commercial Companies Law 
(Federal Law No. 2 of 2015), the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority (the 
Authority) Board of Directors Decision No. 9/RM of 2016 concerning Mutual Funds 
Regulations, or the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority Chairman Decision No. 
3/RM of 2017 concerning the Promoting and Introducing Regulations, or otherwise and is 
not intended to be a public offer and the information contained in this Base Prospectus is not 
intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of 
the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre);
(e)
the Notes to be issued under the Programme and this Base Prospectus have not been and 
will not be filed, reviewed or approved by the United Arab Emirates Central Bank, the 
Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority 
or any other governmental regulatory body or securities exchange; and
(f)
the Notes will only be promoted and marketed on a cross-border basis in to the territory of 
the United Arab Emirates to “non-natural Qualified Investors” in compliance with the Emirates 
Securities and Commodities Authority Chairman Decision No. 3/RM of 2017 concerning the 
Promoting and Introducing Regulations which includes (a) an investor who is able to manage

--- Page 793 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
793
their investments on their own, namely (i) federal and local government entities or companies 
wholly-owned by any such entities; (ii) international entities and organisations; or (iii) a legal 
person licensed to undertake a commercial activity in the United Arab Emirates, provided 
that one of such person’s objects is investment, or (b) an investor who is represented by an 
investment manager licensed by the Authority (each a Qualified Investor).
The information in this Base Prospectus may also be provided to investors at their unsolicited and 
specific request and an investor may directly approach the Fiduciary, the relevant Dealer or the 
Arranger (as the case may be) in relation to the purchase of the Notes.
2.12
Dubai International Financial Centre
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is:
(g)
an “Exempt offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA); and
(h)
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.1 of the 
DFSA Markets Rules and who are not natural persons.
This Base Prospectus relates to Notes which are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by 
the DFSA. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection 
with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this Base Prospectus or any associated documents 
nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it. 
The Notes to which this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their 
resale. Prospective purchasers of any Notes offered should conduct their own due diligence on the 
Notes.
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an 
authorised financial adviser.
2.13
Taiwan 
The Notes may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan investors or in Taiwan unless they are made 
available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by Taiwan investors outside Taiwan so long as no 
solicitation, marketing, selling and distribution or other similar activities (A) take place in Taiwan or 
(B) are in violation of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation; and/or (ii) in Taiwan through bank trust 
departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance 
products pursuant to the Taiwan Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products and/or (iii) in Taiwan 
for purchase by purchase by Taiwan Corporate Investors/Professional Investors/ High-Net-Worth 
Corporate Investors/ Professional Institutional Investors pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions or requirements of, any other applicable laws and regulations of Taiwan, and the internal 
investment procedures/ self-guidances of such investors in related to specific industry restrictions.
2.14
The United Kingdom 
2.14.1    Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)   the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 794 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
794
(i)    a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or
(ii)   a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)   not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)   the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
(A)    at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(B)      at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)     at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:
•    the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and
•    the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
2.14.2    Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:
(a)    in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b)     it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any

--- Page 795 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
795
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and
(c)    it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
 
The selling restrictions above may not be applicable in the context of a public offer, in which case 
appropriate modifications will be made in the applicable Final Terms.
3.
SELLING RESTRICTIONS: JURISDICTIONS WITHIN THE EEA
The selling restrictions below may not be applicable in the context of a public offer, in which case 
appropriate modifications will be made in the applicable Final Terms.
3.1
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area . 
For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, 
the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in article 1(4) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the Prospectus Regulation) and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant 
State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Relevant 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that (i) the Fiduciary has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in

--- Page 796 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
796
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable;
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus 
Regulation;
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Fiduciary for any such offer; or
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2)(b) of the 
Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Fiduciary or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure 
implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State.
3.2
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and 
the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.
3.3
Ireland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, placed 
or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in 
respect of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of:
(i)      the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the 
MiFID II Regulations), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for 
authorisation (and certain provisions regarding MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any codes of 
conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation 
Act 1998 (as amended);
(ii)       the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended the Companies Act 2014),  the Central Bank 
Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);
(iii)      the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules 
and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank) under Section 1363 of 
the Companies Act 2014; and
(iv)    the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market 
Abuse) 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014,
as each of the foregoing may be amended, restated, varied, supplemented and/or otherwise replaced 
from time to time.

--- Page 797 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions
797
3.4
General
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
Purchaser will be required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with 
all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any offering material, and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor 
(for the Notes benefitting form a Guarantee) or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor.
None the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (for the Notes benefitting form a Guarantee) or any of the Dealers 
represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 798 ---
General Information
798
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
AUTHORISATION
1.1
Societe Generale
No authorisation procedures are required of Societe Generale by French law for the update of the 
Programme or the giving of the guarantees in respect of the Programme.
1.2
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. dated 20 
June 2019.
2.
CREDIT RATINGS
2.1
Societe Generale
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Societe Generale is rated:
"A" by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: A long term senior preferred debt rating at Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited provides an ordinal ranking of long term senior preferred debt rating of issuers, on a 
scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’, based on the agency’s view of their relative vulnerability to default, rather than 
a prediction of a specific percentage likelihood of default. ‘A’ ratings denote expectations of low 
default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity 
may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case 
for higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within 
major rating categories.
"A1" by Moody’s France S.A.S.: Ratings assigned on Moody’s France S.A.S.’s global long-term and 
short-term rating scales are forward-looking opinions of the relative credit risks of financial obligations 
issued by financial institutions on a scale of ‘Aaa’ to ‘C’. Obligations rated ‘A’ are judged to be upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Moody’s France S.A.S.’s appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from ‘Aa’ through ‘Caa’. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic 
rating category.
"A" by Rating and Investment Information, Inc.: An Issuer Rating is R&I's opinion on an issuer's 
general capacity to fulfil its financial obligations and is, in principle, assigned to all issuers. Ratings 
are issued on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’, reflecting R&I's view on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. An 
issuer rated ‘A’ has a high creditworthiness supported by a few excellent factors.
"A" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: A S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited issue credit 
rating is a forward-looking opinion on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’ about the creditworthiness of an obligor 
with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of financial obligations, or a specific 
financial program. The opinion reflects S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited’s view of the obligor’s 
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due, and may assess terms, 
such as collateral security and subordination, which could affect ultimate payment in the event of 
default. An obligation rated ‘A’ is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the 
obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. The ratings from 
‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the major rating categories.
Each of Moody’s France S.A.S., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation

--- Page 799 ---
General Information
799
published 
on 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. is established in Japan. It has not been registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
2.2
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is not rated.
3.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and the EuroMTF and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The EuroMTF is not a regulated market within the meaning of 
MiFID II.
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets or quotation systems agreed between an Fiduciary and the relevant 
Dealer and the Fiduciary may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market, 
all as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
4.
AVAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection during normal business 
hours from the head office of each of Societe Generale and the Fiduciary and from the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents for the time being in Luxembourg, London and Paris, in each case at the address 
given at the end of this Base Prospectus:
(i)
the 
bylaws 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg 
S.A. 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/Statuts_coordonnes_
SGLuxembourg_ENG.pdf and the bylaws of Societe Generale are available on the Societe Generale 
website: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Gouvernance/bylaws_en.pdf ;
(ii)
the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the First 
Amendment to the 2021 Universal Registration Document;
(iii)
the audited annual financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., the related notes and the statutory auditor’s 
reports; 
(iv)
the Programme Agreement (as and when entered into), the Guarantee, the Agency Agreement 
(which includes, inter alia, the forms of the Global Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and Notes 
in definitive form), the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agreement, the 
Collateral Custody Agreement, the Note Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency 
Agreement and the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement;
(v)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference;
(vi)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Exempt Offer Notes will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Fiduciary or Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity); and

--- Page 800 ---
General Information
800
(vii)
in the case of each issue of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market subscribed pursuant to a syndication agreement, the syndication agreement (or 
equivalent document).
In addition, this Base Prospectus, documents incorporated by reference herein and any Final Terms relating 
to Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market as aforementioned will 
be published on the relevant Fiduciary's website(s) and on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.bourse.lu and will be available at least 10 years after their publication on these websites.
5.
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream or any other Clearing System will be contained 
in the applicable Final Terms. Notes may be held through additional or alternative clearing systems 
(including, without limitation, SIX SIS Ltd or Monte Titoli S.p.A.), in which case the appropriate 
information will be contained in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium.
The address of Clearstream is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg.
The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy.
6.
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Fiduciary 
and the relevant Purchaser(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
7.
YIELD
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at 
the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.
8.
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION
Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Fiduciary does not intend to provide any post-
issuance information in relation to any assets underlying issues of Notes constituting derivative 
securities, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations.
9.
DEALERS ENGAGING IN BUSINESS ACTIVITIES WITH THE FIDUCIARY AND THE 
GUARANTOR
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in commercial 
banking and/or investment activities with the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates and may, 
in the ordinary course of their business, provide services to the Fiduciary, to the Guarantor and/or to 
their affiliates.

--- Page 801 ---
Glossary
801
GLOSSARY
#
# ...............................................................753
2
20% Self-applied Tax................................51
20% Withholding Tax ...............................51
3
30/360 convention ..................................205
30/360 convention, 360/360 convention
.................................................................205
8
871(m) Regulations ................................244
A
ABS...........................................124, 132,291
Accelerated Note....................................282
Accelerated Notes..................................319
Acceptance Statement.............................71
Account...................................................788
Accounts.................................................788
Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event...261
Accrual Period........................................204
Accrual Yield...........................................202
Accrued Interest upon Bond Event ......261
ACT(t-1,t).................................................723
Active Future Contract...........................716
Actual Settlement Date ..........................220
Actual/360 ...............................................205
Actual/365 (Fixed)...................................205
Actual/365 (Sterling)...............................205
Actual/Actual ..........................................205
Actual/Actual (ICMA)..............................204
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..............................205
Additional Amount .................................212
Additional Amount Payment Date ........213
Additional Authorised Offeror..........70,146 
Additional Disruption Event..........709, 713 
Additional Substitute Coupon 
Amount……………………………………..226
Additional Terms and Conditions.........166
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes ....................................517
Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae.............................................326
Add-ons...........................................329, 331
Adjusted Calculation Amount...............234
Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount ..183
Adjusted Fixed Rate Note......................182
Adjusted Specified Denomination........228
Adjustment Spread ................................684
AdjustmentFactor(k,t)............................738
Administrator/Benchmark Event ..........523
Affected...................................................756
Affected Basket Component(s).............760
Affected Bond.........................................261
Affected Bond(s) ....................................258
Affected Depositary Receipt .........535, 539 
Affected ETF ...........................................702
Affected ETP...........................................702
Affected Future.......................................721
Affected Jurisdiction......................525, 757 
Affected Non Equity Security................707
Affected Notes........................................241
Affected Portfolio Component ..............766 
Affected Reference Entity(ies) ......524, 620 
Affected Share................................535, 539 
Affected Underlying523, 524, 540, 692, 
707, 722, 757, 758 
Affiliate ......................................261,272,723 
Agency Agreement.........................168, 777 
Aggregate Applicable Transaction Tax723

--- Page 802 ---
Glossary
802
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount      
240  
Alternate Settlement Rate......................215
Amended Maturity Date .........................633 
Amended Reference Portfolio...............632 
Amended Scheduled Maturity Date......633 
American Settlement..............................261 
AMLD .........................................................66 
Amortised Face Amount........................202
applicable Final Terms...........................166
Applicable Hedge Positions..........706, 716 
Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria.741 
Appointment Notice ...............................249 
Articles of Association ..........................786 
ASIC.........................................................795 
Auction Period........................................261 
Authorised Offeror ...........................69, 146 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount..713 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) ..  
.................................................................713 
Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)...227 
Automatic Early Redemption Event .....713 
Automatic Early Redemption Event(i) 330, 
713 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date..........................................................713 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(i) ......................................................713 
Automatic Exercise................................222 
Averaging Date...............684, 693, 716, 723 
B
Bail-in Power.............................................60 
Bank.........................................................208 
Bankruptcy..............................................272 
Base Level...............................................690 
Base Prospectus ....................................777 
Basket......................................693, 706, 716 
Basket Component.................................723 
Basket Component Disruption Event...759 
Basket Component Type .......................723 
Bearer SIS Note ......................................170
Benchmark..............................................523 
Benchmark Day ......................................200
Benchmark Rate.....................................199
Beneficiaries...............................................66 
Beneficiaries Register ................................66 
BMR .........................................................524 
BNY Disposal Agency Agreement........288 
BNY Disposal Agent...............................288 
Bond ................................................261, 273 
Bond Basis..............................................205
Bond Currency .......................................262 
Bond Default...........................................262 
Bond Early Redemption.........................262 
Bond Event .............................................262 
Bond Event Determination Date ...........262 
Bond Event Notice .................................262 
Bond Failure to Pay................................263 
Bond Final Price.....................................263 
Bond Final Price Accrued Interest........264 
Bond Final Valuation Notice..................264 
Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.
.................................................................264 
Bond Final Value ....................................264 
Bond Final Value Determination Date ..265 
Bond Governmental Intervention .........265 
Bond Guarantee .....................................255 
Bond Guarantor......................................255 
Bond Interest ..........................................260 
Bond Issuer.....................................266, 273 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event ................255, 266 
Bond Notional Amount ..........................266 
Bond Restructuring................................266 
Borrowed Money ....................................273 
Borrower .................................................303 
Breach or Termination of Agreement.........
.........................................................698, 769 
Breakage Cost Valuation Date .......282,320

--- Page 803 ---
Glossary
803
Breakage Cost Valuation Date Deadline
.................................................................320 
Broken Amount ......................................182
BRR Act 2015............................................60 
BRRD.........................................................60 
Business Centre(s).................................203
Business Day..........................................204 
Business Day Convention.....................204 
Business Days........................................267 
Buyer .......................................................273 
C
Calculation Agency Agreement ....168, 247
Calculation Agent...........................168, 184
Calculation Amount231, 232, 233, 258, 259
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption.
.........................................................703, 762 
Calculation Date .....................................723 
Calculation Period..232, 233, 234, 260, 261 
Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument773 
Cancellation of Future Contract............721 
Cancellation of Market Data ..................773 
Cancellation of Underlying Index .........774 
Cash.........................................................788 
Cash Redemption Date..........................267 
CDS Dealer..............................................684 
CDS Spread.............................................684 
CEA..............................................................2
Central Securities Depositary ........170,172 
CFTC............................................................2
CFTC Rules.................................................2
CFTC RULES...................................792, 793 
Change in Law257, 619, 697, 707, 709, 
713, 722, 758 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption.....692 
Change of Derivatives Instrument........773 
Change of Derivatives Instrument 
Exchange ................................................773 
Change of Future Contract....................721 
Change of Futures Exchange................721 
Change of Market Data ..........................773 
Change of Market Data Publisher.........773 
Change of Underlying Index..................774 
Change of Underlying Index 
Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation 
Agent .......................................................773 
China Connect Business Day ...............723 
China Connect Disruption.....................763 
China Connect Early Closure................763 
China Connect Service ..........................723 
China Connect Service Termination.....759 
China Connect Share Disqualification .758 
Clearing System .............217, 234, 690, 756 
Clearing System Day..............................220 
Clearing Systems ...................................789 
Clearstream.............................................172
Close-out Amount ..........................282, 301 
Closing Price ..................689, 693, 706, 716 
Closure of the ETP Issuer......................698 
Closure of the Fund ...............................770 
CMP Regulations 2018.........................4, 87 
Code ........................................................213 
Collateral Agency Agreement ...............287 
Collateral Agent......................................287 
Collateral Arrangement Agreements....282 
Collateral Arrangement Party................282 
Collateral Arrangements Agreements..287 
Collateral Assets ............................282, 289 
Collateral Assets Clearing System.......122 
Collateral Assets Entitlement........282, 323 
Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds.....
.........................................................282, 320 
Collateral Assets Value..................282, 311 
Collateral Business Day ................122, 282 
Collateral Cash Account........................788 
Collateral Custodian ..............................288 
Collateral Custody Agreement..............288 
Collateral Delivery Date .................282, 323 
Collateral Disruption Event ...................282 
Collateral Liquidation Event..........283, 295

--- Page 804 ---
Glossary
804
Collateral Liquidation Notice........ 283, 319 
Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date
.........................................................283, 320 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement
.................................................................287 
Collateral Monitoring Agent ..................287 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice 283, 
316 
Collateral Pool ................................283, 289 
Collateral Ratio...............................283, 321 
Collateral Rules ......................................283 
Collateral Securities Account ...............788 
Collateral Settlement Disruption..283 , 318 
Collateral Test.........................................283
Collateral Test Date........................283, 312 
Collateral Test Dispute Resolution 
Procedure........................................283, 317 
Collateral Test Notice.....................283, 316 
Collateral Transfer Agreement..............307 
Collateral Valuation Currency.......284, 312 
Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange 
Rate......................................................... 284 
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen 
Page................................................ 284, 312 
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified 
Time.................................................284, 312 
Collateralisation Percentage.........284, 311 
Commodity Instrument..........................723 
Commodity Instrument Cancellation....772 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event ..
.................................................................764 
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary 
Event........................................................772 
Commodity Instrument Liquidity 
Modification ............................................772 
Commodity Instrument Modification....772 
Communication Deadline ......................741 
Company.................................................724 
Compounding Date ................................234 
Compounding Method ...........................234 
Compounding Period.............................235 
Compounding Period Amount ..............235 
Compounding Rate ................................235 
Confirmation...........................................273 
Corporations Act....................................795 
Couponholders.......................................169
Coupons..................................................777 
Crash Put Cost(t) (CPC(t)) .....................724 
Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee...............................................274 
Credit Derivatives Transaction .............273 
Credit Event ............................................273 
CSDCC.....................................................724 
CSSF............................................................1
CTA Collateral Assets....................284, 289 
Currency Unavailability .........................215 
D
D Rules....................................................799 
Daily Fixing Time....................................716 
Daily Settlement Price............................716 
Day Count Fraction ........................204, 235 
DC Resolution.........................................274 
DC Rules .................................................274 
DC Secretary...........................................274 
DDIMPLong.............................................724 
DDIMPShort ............................................724 
DDLS........................................................724 
Dealer Poll Method.................................684 
Debt Instrument......................................724 
Debt Instrument Cancellation ...............772 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event........765 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event...772 
Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification772 
Debt Instrument Modification................772 
Deemed Collateral Transfer Agreement.....
.................................................................307 
Deemed ISDA Agreement......................298 
Deemed Securities Lending Agreement ....
.................................................................303 
Default Requirement ..............................274

--- Page 805 ---
Glossary
805
Definitions...............................................274 
Definitive Bearer Notes..........................167
Definitive Notes ......................................168 
Definitive Registered Notes...................168 
Delisting ..........................................701, 767
Deliver .......................................208,274,284 
Deliverable Asset(s)...............................218 
Delivered .................................................284 
Delivery ...................................................284 
Delivery Date...........................................220 
Delivery Period .......................................220 
Dematerialised Notes.............................168
Dematerialised Notes Agency Agreement
.................................................................169 
De-merger Event.....................................768 
Derivatives Instrument...........................724 
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event
.................................................................765 
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary 
Event........................................................773 
Designated Account...............................211
Designated Bank ....................................211
Designated Maturity...............................185 
Determination Date ................................205 
Determination Dates ..............................205 
Determination Period.............................207 
Dispute Notice ................................284, 316 
Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice284, 
316 
Disrupted Day.................693, 716, 724, 759 
DistRate(k,t) ............................................724 
Distributions ...........................................788 
distributor ...................................................4
DivBucket(t) ............................................738 
Diversification Criteria Rules ................293 
Downstream Affiliate..............................274 
Dual Currency Disrupted Day ...............217 
Dual Currency Disruption Event...........217 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate..............218 
Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day218 
Dual Exchange Rate...............................218 
Dynamic Portfolio...................................724 
E
each ERate(k,t-1) ....................................734 
Early Closure695, 718, 762, 763, 764, 765, 
766 
Early Exchange Amount A ............284, 299 
Early Exchange Amount B ............284, 299 
Early Redemption Amount ....229, 709, 713 
Early Redemption Date...................228,229 
Early Redemption Event527, 620, 702, 
705, 709, 713, 722, 756, 758, 759, 760  
Early Redemption Valuation Date..709,713 
EEA........................................................3, 88 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) ................738 
Eligibility Criteria............................284, 290 
Eligible Collateral Assets ......................284 
Equity Instrument...................................724 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event.....761 
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event767 
Equity Potential Adjustment Event.......775 
Equivalent ...............................................304 
Equivalent Securities.............................304 
equivalent to ...........................................304 
ERate(t-1) ................................................734 
ESMA...........................................................4
ETF...................................................693, 724 
ETF Adviser ............................................693 
ETF Adviser Event..................................698 
ETF Currency Change............................768 
ETF Documents......................................769 
ETF Extraordinary Event .......................768 
ETF Hedging Disruption ........................699 
ETF Insolvency Event ............................699 
ETF Manager...........................................769 
ETF Modification ............................699, 769 
ETF Reclassification ..............................769

--- Page 806 ---
Glossary
806
ETF Redemption or Subscription Event
.................................................................769 
ETF Regulatory Action...........................768 
ETF Reporting Event..............................769 
ETF Service Provider .............................693 
ETF Service Provider Event ..................700 
ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event
.................................................................700 
ETF Share................................................724 
ETF Strategy Breach..............................768 
ETF Termination.....................................768 
ETF Unit...................................................693 
ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event.775 
ETP ..........................................................694 
ETP advisor assets Event......................698 
ETP advisor Event..................................700 
ETP Documents......................................694 
ETP Hedging Disruption........................698 
ETP Issuer...............................................694 
ETP Issuer Insolvency Event ................699 
ETP Issuer Modification.........................699 
ETP Settlement Disruption....................704 
Euroclear.................................................172
EuroMTF......................................................2
European Settlement .............................267 
Euro-zone................................................186
Event of Default......................................623 
Exchange ........................................528, 725 
Exchange Business Day....... 694, 716, 725 
Exchange Disruption695, 718, 761, 763, 
764, 765, 766 
Exchange(s)....................................694, 716 
Excluding Accrued Interest...................267 
ExecAddOnRate(k,t)...............................741 
ExecCostRateIn(k,t) ...............................741 
ExecCostRateOut(k,t) ............................741 
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence.........209 
Expiry Date..............................................717 
Extension Date .......................................267 
External Provider....................................685 
External Provider Method......................685 
External Provider Time ..........................685 
Extraordinary Event ...............................709 
Extraordinary Event Day................721, 766 
F
Factor_1(t)...............................................339 
Factor_Collat(t).......................................340 
Factor_Fees(t).........................................340 
Factor_Gap(t)..........................................340 
Factor_Quanto(t) ....................................340 
Factor_Rate(t).........................................340 
Failure to Pay..................................274, 772 
Failure to Publish ...........717, 764, 765, 766 
Fair Market Value....................................220 
Fallback Bond.........................................689 
Family of Product...................................326 
Fiduciaries Register Law............................66 
Fiduciary .........................................1, 71166
Fiduciary Account..................284, 289, 788 
Fiduciary Asset Obligor.........................288 
Fiduciary Asset Obligors.......................288 
Fiduciary Assets.............................285, 288 
Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds
.................................................................320 
Fiduciary Contract...........................67 , 179
Fiduciary Event...............................241, 285 
Fiduciary Law .........................................167
Fiduciary Securities .......................285, 289 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution..285, 298 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date285, 
299 
Final Closing Price.................................222 
Final Collateral Assets Value ........285, 323 
Final Exercise Amount...........................222 
Final Exercise Date ................................222 
Final Payment Date ................................222 
Final Redemption Amount.....221, 709, 713

--- Page 807 ---
Glossary
807
Final Required Collateral Assets Value
.........................................................285, 321 
Final Terms ...................................2, 71, 166 
Final Valuation Date...............................222 
First Bond Event Occurrence Date.......267 
First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice
.........................................................285, 316 
First Quotation Day................................267 
Fixed Cap ................................................274 
Fixed Coupon Amount...........................181
Fixed Rate Note ......................................182
Fixed Recovery.......................................267 
Fixing Active Future Contract(i)............717 
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i)...717 
Floating Coupon Amount ......................184 
Floating Rate...........................................185 
Floating Rate Convention......................204 
Floating Rate Option..............................185 
Floating Recovery ..................................267 
Following Business Day Convention183, 
204, 213 
Following Payment Business Day........213
Force Majeure Event ..............................741 
Forced Redemption Event.....................241 
French Code ...................................179, 778 
FRTB Event.............................................701 
FRTB Information...................................702 
Full Liquidation Date......................235, 694 
Full Quotation.........................................267 
Fund.........................................................725 
Fund Adviser ..........................................725 
Fund Adviser Event................................770 
Fund Disruption Event...........................762 
Fund Documents............................725, 762 
Fund Extraordinary Event .....................769 
Fund Insolvency Event ..........................770 
Fund Modification ..................................770 
Fund Service Provider ...........................725 
Fund Service Provider Event ................770 
Fund Settlement Disruption ..................762 
Fund Unit.................................................725 
Fund Valuation Day................................725 
Future End Time.....................................717 
Future Start Time....................................717 
Future Underlier .....................................717 
Future(s)..................................................717 
FXHedgeInd(k)........................................725 
G
GearingInfLong.......................................726 
GearingInfShort......................................726 
GearingSupLong ....................................726 
GearingSupShort....................................726 
General Authorised Offeror.....................70 
General Authorised Offerors.................146 
General Collateral Rules........................290 
General Consent.................................69, 70
General Terms and Conditions.............166
GMSLA Agreement.................................303 
Governmental Authority216, 267, 274, 293 
Governmental Intervention....................275 
Grace Period...........................................275 
Grace Period Business Day ..................276 
Grace Period Extension Date................276 
Gross Ordinary Distribution..................726 
GrossGearingSup...................................726 
Guarantee........................................178, 276 
Guaranteed Coupon...............................268 
Guarantor.....................1, 71 , 166, 168, 777 
H
Haircut.....................................................285 
Hedge ..........................................................3
Hedge Counterparty.......................709, 713 
Hedge Positions235, 268, 567, 689, 706, 
709, 714, 717, 727 
Hedging Disruption619, 707, 709, 714, 
722, 756 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging...................................................257

--- Page 808 ---
Glossary
808
Holding Limit Event   258, 701, 706, 707, 
721, 727 
Holding Ratio..................................700, 771 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions...............694 
Hypothetical Investor 235, 694, 706, 717, 
727 
Hypothetical Replicating Party .............727 
I
Illiquidity Disruption...............................217
Illiquidity Event.......................................721 
Including Accrued Interest....................268 
Income............................................ 285, 305 
Increased Cost of Borrow......................757 
Increased Cost of Hedging619, 700, 710, 
714, 722, 757 
Index Sponsor ........................................689 
Index Substitution Event...........................703 
Individual Consent ...................................70 
Ineligible Asset.......................................310 
Inflation Index.........................................689 
Initial Aggregate Nominal Amount .......240 
Initial Authorised Offeror.........................70 
Initial Closing Price................................222 
Initial Noteholder....................................288 
Initial Quantity Factor ............................717 
initial Reference Portfolio......................632 
Initial Swap Amount.......................285, 298 
InitialWeight(k)........................................727 
Insolvency.................................700,710,771 
Insolvency Filing ......................707,710,714 
Instalment Amount.................................617 
Instalment Amount(s) ............................228 
Instalment Date.......................................618 
Instalment Date(s) ..................................228 
Insurance Distribution Directive.3, 88, 804 
Interest Commencement Date...............207 
Interest Determination Date ..................207 
Interest Payment Date....................183, 184
Interest Period ........................................207 
Interest Rate(i-1) .......................................207 
Interest_Rate_Overnight........................340 
Intermediary............................................169
Intermediate Amount .............................235 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date .......235 
Intermediate Hedge Positions...............235 
Intermediate Payment Date ...................236 
Intraday Price..........................695, 706, 717 
Investment Company Act ..........................2
Investor .....................................................69 
Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996....245 
IRS S U.S. Person.......................................2
IRS U.S. Person ......................................175
IRS U.S. PERSON ...................................793 
ISDA Rate................................................184
IsFunded(k).............................................734 
Issue Date ...............................................207 
Italian Agent............................................169 
Italian Certificates ..................................222 
Italian Certificates Agency Agreement.168
L
Lag...........................................................727 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date ...... 268 
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date
.................................................................259 
Latest Level.............................................690 
Law ....................................67, 179, 777, 778 
Leverage Factor..............................184, 201 
Liability....................................................285 
Liquidation..............................................767 
Liquidation Event Redemption Date285, 
322 
Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount285, 
321 
Liquidity Modification ....................700, 771 
Loan.........................................................276 
Loan Participation..................................209 
Loaned Securities ..........................285, 289 
Local Jurisdiction............236,706, 717, 727

--- Page 809 ---
Glossary
809
Local Taxes.............236, 706, 717, 727, 774 
Loss of Borrow.......................................757 
Lower Limit ............................................ 201 
LuxCSD Principal Agent............................8 
M
Margin(s) .................................................184
Margined Parties ....................................285 
Margined Party .......................................285 
Market Data.............................................727 
Market Data Disruption Event ...............766 
Market Data Extraordinary Event..........773 
Market Disruption Event................695, 717 
Market Value ...........................128, 136, 294 
Market Value for the Switch ..................226 
Master Collateral Transfer Agreement .307 
Maturity Date...........................236, 268, 710 
Maturity Disruption Event......................695 
Maturity Extension .................................632 
Maximum Rate of Interest......................184 
Maximum Redemption Amount ............224 
Merger Date.............................................710 
Merger Event...................701, 710, 767, 771 
Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates ............258 
MiFID II...........................................2, 88, 290 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ............4
Minimum intermediate Amount.............232 
Minimum Rate of Interest ......................184 
Minimum Redemption Amount .....224, 234 
Minimum Trading Lot.............................222 
Modification of Futures Contract..........721 
Modification Proposal............................741 
Modification to Derivatives Instrument773 
Modification to Market Data ..................773
Modification to Underlying Index..........774
Modification Trigger...............................741 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention..............................183, 204, 213 
Modified Following Payment Business 
Day...........................................................213
Monte Titoli .....................................170, 172 
Moody's..........124, 125,, 133, 136, 291, 292 
Multiple Holder Obligation.....................276
Multiple Series Collateral Pool......285, 295 
Multiple Successor.................................617 
Multiple Successor Notional Amount...617 
Multiplier .................................................222 
N
Nationalisation........................................710 
Nationalization................................767, 771 
NAV Determination Disruption Event...763 
Net Asset Value ......................................727 
Net Portfolio Level..................................727 
New ETP..........................................702, 705 
New Global Note(s) ................................167
New Safekeeping Structure...................167
Next Active Future Contract..................718 
NGNs .......................................................167
No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event 268 
Non Equity Security ...............................707 
Non-Affiliate Fiduciary Successor Event
.................................................................241 
Non-exempt Offer...................................804 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction................69 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) .........146
Non-U.S. Holder..........................................3
Non-Waived Notes..........................285, 315 
Note holder .............................................777 
Note Market Value ..........................285, 287 
Note Valuation Agent.............................287 
Noteholder Identification Failure ..........240 
Noteholder Identification Failure 
Adjustment Notice..................................240
Noteholder Identification Failure 
Redemption Notice.................................239 
Noteholder Identification Requirement173 
Noteholder Information Request ..........172
Notes .........................................71, 167, 777

--- Page 810 ---
Glossary
810
Notice ..........................................................3
Notice Date......................................126, 222 
Notice Delivery Period ...........................268 
Notice of Publicly Available Information
.........................................................268, 276 
Notice Period ..................224, 225, 227, 633 
Notifying Party........................................276
NPC(t) ......................................................727 
NSS..................................................167, 172
O
Obligation................................................276 
Obligation Acceleration.........................276 
Obligation Currency...............................276 
Obligation Default ..................................276 
OFAC .......................................................624 
Offer Period.......................................70, 146 
Offshore Investor ...................................774 
Optional Early Redemption Amount.....714 
Optional Early Redemption Amount(i) .714 
Optional Early Redemption Valuation 
Date..........................................................714 
Optional Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(i) ......................................................714
Optional Full Liquidation Date ..............236 
Optional Hedge Positions......................236 
Optional Minimum Redemption Amount
.................................................................233 
Optional Redemption Amount 223 236 710
Optional Redemption Amount(i)...........710 
Optional Redemption Amount(s)..........224
Optional Redemption Date ....................236 
Optional Redemption Date(s)........223, 224 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date...711 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date(i)711 
Order........................................................624 
Order of Priority..............................286, 320 
Ordinary Resolution...............................252 
.................................................................611
Other Underlying Index Extraordinary 
Event........................................................774
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level......241 
P
Paid-up Nominal Amount ........................28 
Part 3 .......................................................282 
Part Payment Amount(s) .......................228 
Part Payment Date(s) .............................228
Part Payment Default Date ....................228 
Partial Redemption Amount..........616, 617 
Partial Restructuring Notional Amount617 
Partial Weighted Average Quotation....269 
Participation Event.................................768 
Paying Agents ........................................168
payment...................................................208 
Payment Business Day..........................214 
Payment Date......................................... 689 
Payment Requirement ...........................277 
PdVSA .....................................................624 
Permitted Tax Jurisdiction ....................175
Permitted Transfer .................................277 
Permitted Transferee ..................2, 175 799
PERMITTED TRANSFEREES..........792,793 
Physical Delivery Amount .....................218
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets......286 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
Disruption Event.....................................286 
Portfolio...................................................727 
Portfolio Component..............................728 
Portfolio Component (k) ........................728
Portfolio Component Currency (k)728 
Portfolio Currency..................................728 
Portfolio Disruption Event.............728 ,759 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria....................742 
Portfolio Extraordinary Event ...............767 
Portfolio Level ........................................728
Portfolio Publication Website ...............728
PortfolioDist(k,t) .....................................728
PortfolioFX(k,t) .......................................728
PortfolioFXSource..................................728
PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime...............728

--- Page 811 ---
Glossary
811
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice......286 
Potential Adjustment Event...................774 
Potential Failure to Pay..........................277 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium........277 
PRC..........................................................728 
Preceding Business Day Convention183, 
204,213
Preference Share Adjustment Event ....711 
Preference Share Automatic Early 
Redemption Event..................................711 
Preference Share Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date...................711 
Preference Share Issuer ................711, 786 
Preference Share Underlying................787 
Preference Share Value .........................711 
Preference Share Value Early ...............711 
Preference Share Value Final................711 
Preference Share Value Initial...............711 
Preference Share Value Optional..........711 
Preference Share Value Optional(i) ......711 
Preference Shares..........................711, 786 
Preference Shares Programme.............786 
Price Source Disruption ........................217
PRIIPs Regulation .................................3,88 
Principal Memorandum..........................787 
Principal Paying Agent ..........................168
Principal Swiss Paying Agent...............168
Private Placement Memorandum..........787 
Proceedings............................................253 
Product Amount .....................................326 
Product Formula.............................202, 223 
Programme .................................................1
Programme Agreement..........................791 
Prospectus Regulation ..............................1
Prospectus Supplement of the Republic 
of Argentina dated January 10, 2005621 
Public Source .........................................269 
Publicly Available Information..............269 
Q
Q(k,0) .......................................................728 
Q(k,t)........................................................729 
Qualified Financial Institution...............249 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee...............278 
Qualifying Guarantee.............................277 
Quantity Factor.......................................718 
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor................718 
Quotation Amount..................................270 
Quotation Deadline ................................686 
Quotation Dealers ..................................270 
Quotation Method...................................686 
Quotations ..............................................270 
R
Rate Multiplier..................................184 199
Rate of Interest .......................................184
Rate Source ............................................340 
Rate(k,t-1)................................................735 
RateLong(k,t) ..........................................729 
RateLong(t) .............................................729 
RateShort(k,t)..........................................729 
RateShort(t)............................................ 729 
Rating ......................................123, 291, 621 
Rebalancing Date ...................................742 
Rebased Index........................................691 
Receiptholders .......................................169
Record Date ............................................212 
Redeemed Notes ....................................224 
Reduction Amount258, 526, 586, 598, 620, 
703, 757 
Reference Banks ....................................186
Reference CDS .......................................686 
Reference CDS Currency.......................686 
Reference CDS Maturity ........................686 
Reference Entities Switch .....................632 
Reference Entity.....................................686 
Reference Entity Spread........................686 
Reference Entity Spread Method687 
Reference Formula.................................343 
Reference Formula(e) ............................343 
Reference Formulae...............................343

--- Page 812 ---
Glossary
812
Reference Level......................................690 
Reference Obligation .............................278 
Reference of the Product...............202, 223 
Reference Period....................................689 
Reference Price ......................729, 738, 202 
Reference Rate EUR-EURIBOR.............200 
Reference Rate EUR-EURIBOR-Swap Rate
.................................................................200 
Reference Rate GBP-LIBOR..................199
Reference Rate USD-CMS .....................199
ReferenceFormula(e) .....326, 328, 329, 331 
ReferenceFormula_AERA......................344 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon ..................344 
ReferenceFormula_Final .......................343 
Register...................................................211 
Registrar..................................................168
Regulated Market .......................................2
Regulation S .......................................2, 175
REGULATION S ..............................792, 793 
Regulation S U.S. Person ..................2, 175
REGULATION S U.S. PERSON..............793
Regulatory Action ..........................701, 771 
Regulatory Event....................................237 
Related Agreement.................................286 
Related Agreement Counterparty.........286 
Related Agreement Counterparty Event
..........................................................242 286 
Related Agreement Price Determination 
Date..........................................................270 
Related Agreement Termination Event 240 
Related Agreements...............................296 
Related Exchange ..................................729 
Related Exchange(s)......................695, 718 
Relevant Affiliates ..................................237 
Relevant Currency..................................216 
Relevant Date..........................................245 
Relevant Entity .......................................238 
Relevant Guarantee................................278 
Relevant Jurisdiction.....236, 707, 718, 729 
Relevant Proportion...............................270 
Relevant Screen Page............................185
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate236, 270, 
695 
RELIBI........................................................51 
Removed Fiduciary Securities.......286,297 
Renminbi.................................................215 
Renminbi Currency Event .....................215 
Renminbi Currency Events ...................216 
Renminbi Illiquidity ................................216 
Renminbi Inconvertibility ......................216 
Renminbi Non-Transferability...............216 
Repack Note............................................270 
Repack Notes.....................11, 166, 167,777
Repack Notes Exceptional Event..........259 
Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date.259 
Repack Notes Exceptional Event Early 
Redemption Event..................................258 
repayment ...............................................208 
Replacement Related Agreement 
Counterparty.......................................35, 305
RepoRate(k,t)..........................................729 
RepoRateLong(k,t) .................................730 
RepoRateShort(k,t).................................730 
Reporting Disruption .....................701, 771 
Repudiation/Moratorium........................278 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date
.................................................................278 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition.................................................278 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice
.................................................................279 
Required Collateral Assets Value286, 313, 
314 
Required Collateral Default Notice 286 314
Required Fiduciary Securities Value286, 
314 
Required Settlement Period ......... 286, 317 
Reset Date...............................................185
Residual Quotation Amount..................270 
Resolution Authority................................60

--- Page 813 ---
Glossary
813
Resolve....................................................279
Restricted Debt.......................................624 
Restriking Date.......................................730 
Restructuring..........................................279 
Review Date ............................................742 
ReweightFactor(k,t)........................735, 744 
ReweightFactorLong(t)..........................736 
ReweightFactorShort(t) .........................736 
Re-Weighting Procedure .......................747 
Risk Retention U.S. Person...............2, 175
Roll Adjustment......................................719 
Rolling Cost ............................................719 
Rolling Date(s)........................................719 
Rolling Time............................................719 
Roll-Over Failure Event..........................721 
Rules..........................................................71
S
S&P..124, 125, 132, 133, 136, 291, 292, 313 
S(k,0)........................................................730 
S(k,t) ........................................................730 
Schedule(s).....................................329, 331 
Scheduled Averaging Date....................529
Scheduled Averaging Date respectively
.................................................................720
Scheduled Calculation Date..................720
Scheduled Closing Time........695, 719, 730 
Scheduled Maturity Date .........92, 268, 711 
Scheduled Opening Time ......................719
Scheduled Swap Termination Date ......298
Scheduled Termination Date.................280
Scheduled Trading Day575, 687, 695, 719, 
730 
Scheduled Valuation Date .............529, 719 
Second Level Revised Collateral Test 
Notice ..............................................286, 316 
Second Quotation Day...........................270 
Section 871(m) Regulations ......................3
Secured Notes....................11, 163, 166, 167 
Securities ................................................788 
Securities Act .....................................2, 175
Securities and Futures Act..................4, 86
Securities Lending Agreement .............303 
Securities Lending Deadline .................304
Securities Lending End Date.................304 
Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement
.................................................................296
SEHK .......................................................730
Selection Date.........................................224
Seller........................................................280
Series.......................................................168
Series of Notes .......................................777
Settlement Amount ................................228
Settlement Currency ..............................217
Settlement Disruption Event .................220
Settlement Type......................................270
SG Disposal Agency Agreement ..........288
SG Disposal Agent.................................288
SG Luxembourg .....................................181
SG Luxembourg Declaration...........53, 181
SGI Index...................................................13
Share .......................................................730
Share Disruption Event...................761,763 
Share Extraordinary Event ....................767
Share Potential Adjustment Event........775
SHIBOR ...................................................201
Similar Bond ...........................................259
Similar Portfolio......................................730
Similar Portfolio Component.................731
Similar Reference Entity........................621
Single Bond Repack Note......................270
Single Commodity..................................731
Single Debt..............................................731
Single Derivatives ..................................731
Single Equity...........................................731
Single Series Collateral Pool..........286,295 
SIS............................................................169
SIS Note...................................................169

--- Page 814 ---
Glossary
814
SIX Swiss Exchange ..............................169
Solvency Capital Provisions .................280
Sovereign........................................271, 293 
Special Event..........................................236
Specific Definition(s)..............................342
Specific Definitions.........................329,331 
Specified Country...................................175
Specified Notes ..........................................3
Specified Number...................................271
Specified Period(s).................................184
Specified Time........................................185
Spread(s).................................................184
SRB............................................................60
SRM Regulation........................................60
Standard Order of Priority ................286, 320 
Standard Unwind Costs.........................114
Stop-Loss Event.......................539,545,756 
Strategy...................................................769
Strategy Breach...............................701,772 
Structured Note ........................................13
Sub-Multiple Successor.........................617
Subordination.................................271, 280 
Substitute Coupon Amount...................226
Substitute Depositary Receipt ..............539
Substitute ETF........................................702
Substitute Final Redemption.................226
Substitute Index Level ....................689,690 
Substitute Share.....................................539
Substitute Weighting Advisor...............755
Substitution ............................................702
sub-unit ...................................................207
succeed...................................................271
Succession Event...................................271
Succession Event Information..............271
Successor .......................................271, 617
Successor Index..............................689,690 
Supplement...............................................85
Supplement(s) ..........................................89
Swap Agreement ....................................298
Swap Agreement Price ..........................271
Swap Close-out Amount................286, 301
Swap Confirmation.................................298
Swap Transaction...................................298
Swiss Paying Agency Agreement.........168
Swiss Paying Agents .............................168
Switch Option .........................................687
T
Target Exposure Implementation Date.742 
Target Exposure Modification Proposal
.................................................................742 
Target Exposure Modification Trigger .742 
TARGET2 Business Day........................204
TARGET2 System...................................204
TargetGearingLong(t) ............................731
Tax Residence Jurisdiction236, 
707,719,732 
Termination Event..................................707
Terms and Conditions ...................166, 777
Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer...........................................................74
Third Quotation Day...............................272
TimeBasis ...............................................732
Total Number of Portfolio Components
.................................................................743
Trading Disruption .....761,763,764,765,766 
Tranche ...................................................168
Transfer Agent........................................168
Transfer Notice...............................208, 219
Transfer Right......................................36,309 
Trigger Redemption ...............................302
Trigger Redemption at the Option of the 
Fiduciary .................................................240
TWAP Active Future Contract(i)............719
TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i)...719
U
U.S. Person .............................................175
U.S. Risk Retention Rules .................2, 175
U.S. Underlying Equities............................3

--- Page 815 ---
Glossary
815
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note..................182
Underlying...............................................527
Underlying Borrower..............................255
Underlying Index ....................................732
Underlying Index Calculation Agent.....732
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event.773
Underlying Index Sponsor.....................732
Underlying Loan.....................................255
Underlying Obligation............................281
Underlying Obligor.................................281
Unit ..........................................................693
Unsettled Bond Event............................272
Unwinding Costs....................................228
Upfront Quotation ..................................686
Upper Limit .............................................201
V
Valid Order......................................696, 732
Valuation Date ........687, 696, 707, 719, 732 
Valuation Date(0).............................711,714 
Valuation Date(1)............................711, 714 
Valuation Hedging Cost.........................272
Valuation Point .......................................287
Valuation Time................................696, 719 
Variable Data......................328,329,331,342 
Volcker Rule............................................525
Voting Shares .........................................281
W
Waived Note............................................287
Waived Notes..........................................314
Warrant Guarantor .................................714
Warrant Issuer ........................................714
Warrant Termination Date .....................714
Warrant Termination Event ...................714
Warrant Value .........................................714
Warrant Value Early ...............................715
Warrant Value Exercise .........................715
Warrant Value Exercise(i)......................715
Warrant Value Final................................715
Warrant Value Initial...............................715
Warrant Value Optional..........................715
Warrant Value Optional(i) ......................715
Warrants..................................................714
Weighted Average Quotation................272
Weighting Advisor..................................743
Weighting Advisory Agreement............743

--- Page 816 ---
816
FIDUCIARY
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.
11, avenue Emile Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
GUARANTOR
SOCIETE GENERALE
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
ARRANGER
SOCIETE GENERALE
Tour Société Générale
17 cours Valmy
92987 Paris la Défense Cedex
France
DEALERS
SOCIETE GENERALE
Tour Société Générale
17, Cours Valmy
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex
France
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.
11, avenue Emile Reuter
2420 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND BNY DISPOSAL AGENT
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, LONDON BRANCH
One Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5AL
United Kingdom
THE REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV, LUXEMBOURG BRANCH
Vertigo Building – Polaris
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
COLLATERAL MONITORING AGENT
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV, DUBLIN BRANCH
Riverside II
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay
Dublin 2

--- Page 817 ---
817
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Fiduciary and the Guarantor as to English law
Allen & Overy LLP
52, avenue Hoche
CS 90005
75379 Paris Cedex 08
France
To the Fiduciary and the Guarantor as to Luxembourg law
Allen & Overy 
Société en commandite simple (inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg)
5, avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-1855 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
AUDITORS
To Societe Generale
ERNST & YOUNG ET AUTRES
1/2, place des Saisons
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1
France
DELOITTE & ASSOCIES
6, place de la Pyramide
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex
France
To Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.
ERNST & YOUNG
35E Avenue John F. Kennedy
1855, Luxembourg
Luxembourg