--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2022 
  
Suez 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of France) as Issuer 
€7,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
 
Under the €7,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Suez (“Suez” or the 
“Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Notes issued by the Issuer may be issued in euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and in any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) in respect of, and for the purposes of giving information with regard to, Suez and all the entities of the New Suez Perimeter 
(as defined in section “Description of the Issuer”) taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, contains the necessary 
information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, 
the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of twelve (12) months as of the date of its approval by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”). The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the relevant authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) 
(a “Regulated Market”). 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed 
and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant stock exchange. Notes listed on other stock exchanges (whether on a Regulated Market or not) or not listed and admitted to 
trading may be issued under the Programme. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market will be €100,000 and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency, or such higher amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (the “Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France 
(“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined herein) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, SA (“Clearstream”) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder 
of Notes (a “Noteholder”), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Registration Agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account 
Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
The senior unsecured Notes and short term Notes of the Issuer under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and Prime 2 respectively by Moody’s France SAS 
(“Moody’s”). The long-term senior unsecured debt and the short-term senior unsecured debt of the Issuer are currently rated Baa2 with stable outlook and Prime 2 respectively 
by Moody’s. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s is established in the European Union (“EU”) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on 
the website of the ESMA (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Notes which are rated will have such rating as is assigned to them by Moody's or such other relevant rating organisation as specified in the Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are (i) issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under CRA Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger
 
 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
 
 
Dealers
 
Bank of China  
BBVA 
BNP Paribas  
CaixaBank  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
Intesa Sanpaolo 
La Banque Postale 
Mediobanca 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement that may be published 
from time to time and together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being 
together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or those of the Group since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer or that of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE, Eurostat or 
BLS, as the case may be, and the INSEE, Eurostat or BLS, as the case may be, makes no warranty or 
representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the 
Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are 
determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE, Eurostat or BLS, as the case may be, without regard to 
the Issuer or the Notes. The INSEE, Eurostat or BLS, as the case may be, is not responsible for or has not 
participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be 
issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the 
context of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the 
part of any such persons to disclose to the holders of Notes or any other party such information (whether or 
not confidential). 
In considering whether to invest in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”), investors should consult 
their individual tax advisers with regard to the application of People's Republic of China (“PRC”) tax laws to 
their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription 
and Sale".

--- Page 3 ---
3 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, determined by 
the manufacturer(s). Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” 
as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined by MiFID II and will not be a 
manufacturer in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials”) and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, determined 
by the manufacturer(s). Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to FCA

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined by UK MiFIR and will not be a 
manufacturer in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS – Notes issued under the Programme are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES 
AND INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW 
REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD 
OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED 
IN THE SECURITIES ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND 
SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION 
AND SALE”. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors are 
warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors cannot rely upon the tax overview 
contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation 
with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a 
position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment consideration has to 
be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax 
is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar 
tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the 
Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed

--- Page 5 ---
5 
in the section “Risk factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in 
compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made 
on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or completeness of any of the information or 
representations in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase the 
Notes. In making an investment decision regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own 
independent investigation and appraisal of the Issuer, its business and the terms of the offering, including the 
merits and risks involved. For further details, see “Risk Factors” herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should 
subscribe for or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment 
in the Notes. None of the Dealers or the Arranger has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
The combined financial statements of the Issuer’s New Suez Perimeter (as defined in section “Description of 
the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus) for the year ended 31 December 2021 with a comparative 2020 data have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and endorsed by the 
European Union.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and 
“Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. Dollars” 
are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and 
“Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to “CHF” and “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency 
of Switzerland, references to “Hong Kong dollars” and “HKD” are to the lawful currency for the time being 
of Hong Kong, and references to “RMB”, “CNY” or “Renminbi” are to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, the 
lawful currency of the PRC, which for the purpose of this document excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. 
 
Important notice relating to Green Bonds  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the 
Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any Eligible 
Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or

--- Page 6 ---
6 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined 
as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. On 18 December 2019, the 
Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework 
to facilitate sustainable development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament 
(the “Taxonomy Regulation”). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, 
or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council by establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an 
economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change 
adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other 
environmental objectives (the “Climate Delegated Acts”) entered into force on 1st January 2022. However, 
further development of the Taxonomy Regulation will take place concerning certain specific economic 
activities and concerning other environmental objectives, in particular with respect to “pollution presentation 
and control” and “transition to circular economy” which are keys for the Issuer’s activities.  
If certain definitions and technical eligibility criteria from the Green Bond Framework are based on the Climate 
Delegated Acts, when relevant, the Green Bond Framework is not fully aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation. 
The Green Bond Framework is also further based on the 2021 Green Bond Principles voluntary guidelines 
published by the International Capital Market Association, market practices and expert opinions. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any Eligible Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
second party opinion provided by Sustainalytics (the “Second Party Opinion”) or any opinion or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of the Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Such Second Party Opinion, or any opinion or certification, is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any 
issue in connection with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Second Party Opinion, nor any 
such other opinion or certification is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Forward-Looking Statements ........................................................................................................................... 39 
Documents on Display ..................................................................................................................................... 40 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus .................................................................................................................. 41 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 42 
Temporary Global Certificates Issued in Respect of Materialised Bearer Notes ........................................... 100 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 101 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 102 
Combined financial statements of the New SUEZ Perimeter for the year ended 31 December 2021 ........... 125 
Recent Developments ..................................................................................................................................... 187 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 188 
Form of Final Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 195 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 214 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus .......................................................... 217

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview is a general description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of 
this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Issuer
Suez 
Description
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) 
5493007LKZ37MXEN5D79 
Website of the Issuer 
www.suez.com 
Arranger
Société Générale 
Dealers
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
La Banque Postale 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. The identity of the Dealer(s) in respect of a specific 
Tranche will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Programme Limit 
Up to €7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent 
and 
Calculation Agent
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Paying Agent and Registration 
Agent
Société Générale 
Risk factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under the heading “Risk factors relating to the Issuer and 
the Group” in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading 
“Risks factors relating to the Notes” in the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest, the issue date, the issue 
price and the nominal amount), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the final terms 
prepared in connection with such Tranche (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one (1) month from the date of 
original issue. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, 
Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and in any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s) 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be 
€100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity 
of less than one (1) year from the date of issue and in respect of

--- Page 10 ---
10 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Form of Notes 
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
either 
in 
dematerialised 
form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised 
Notes”). Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered (au nominatif 
administré) form. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes issued by the Issuer are to be in bearer (au porteur) 
dematerialised form or in registered (au nominatif) dematerialised 
form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and the 
United States. 
Conversion of Notes 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders will not have 
the option to convert from registered (au nominatif) form to bearer 
(au porteur) dematerialised form and vice versa. 
 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au 
nominatif), the Noteholders will have the option to convert from 
fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) to 
administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) and vice versa. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference or priority 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, indebtedness 
and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Negative Pledge 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 – see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Negative Pledge”. 
Event of Default 
(including cross-default) 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 9 – see “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Events of Default”.  
Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at its nominal 
amount, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. Unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity of less 
than one (1) year from the date of issue and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer 
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any 
time or from time to time, prior to (i) their Maturity Date or (ii) if 
a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Optional Redemption Date is no earlier than 3 months prior 
to the Maturity Date, the first day on which the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes pursuant to the Call Option, at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes if a portion of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes of the same Series at least equal to a percentage, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Clean-Up Percentage, 
has been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, cancelled by 
the Issuer, the Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole but not in part 
at par together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders.  
Early Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption”, “Clean-Up Call 
Option” and “Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer” above, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Redemption, Purchase and Options”.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Put Option in case of Change of 
Control 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, 
at the option of each Noteholder, further to a change of control of 
the Issuer, the rating of the Issuer is downgraded, as more fully 
described in Condition 6(m). 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or 
other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer, will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, 
as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. Unless a higher 
minimum rate of interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
the minimum rate of interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
includes any applicable margin) shall be deemed to be 0.00 per 
cent. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(1) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2021 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(2) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Currency pursuant to the June 2013 Fédération Bancaire 
Française Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments; or 
 
(3) 
by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate or €STR (or any 
Successor Rate or any Alternative Rate),  
and in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the 
date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of redemption of Inflation Linked 
Notes or of interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to such index and/or formula provided in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Event 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to 
determine a successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen 
rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of 
Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). 
Redenomination 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the European and 
Economic Monetary Union may be redenominated into euro, all as 
more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination of the 
Notes”. 
Consolidation 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation”. 
Governing Law
The Notes are governed by French law. 
Rating 
The senior unsecured Notes and short term Notes of the Issuer 
under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and 
Prime 2 respectively by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”). The 
long-term senior unsecured debt and the short-term senior 
unsecured debt of the Issuer are currently rated Baa2 with stable

--- Page 14 ---
14 
outlook and Prime 2 respectively by Moody’s. Moody’s is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the website of the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with such regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes 
which are rated will have such rating as is assigned to them by 
Moody’s or such other relevant rating organisation as specified in 
the Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or 
not such credit ratings are (i) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under CRA 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Depositaries/ Clearing Systems 
Euroclear 
France 
as 
central 
depositary 
in 
relation 
to 
Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream, Euroclear or any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Transfers between Euroclear and Clearstream participants, on the 
one hand, and Euroclear France Account Holders, on the other 
hand, shall be effected directly or via their respective depositaries 
in accordance with applicable rules and operating procedures 
established for this purpose by Euroclear and Clearstream, on the 
one hand, and Euroclear France on the other hand. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes 
One (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable or the Application 
Form relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Admission to trading 
Admission to trading on Euronext Paris, or as otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks 
relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first 
the most material risks (indicated by an asterisk), in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude 
of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. The level of risk considered for the risk factors 
relating to the Issuer and the Group is a residual risk, after taking into account risk management systems that 
are in place. 
For the purpose of this section headed “Risk factors”, the “Group” is defined as the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(A) 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group  
1. 
Strategic risks  
(a) 
Risks related to climate change and changing environmental regulations 
Risks related to mitigating and adapting to climate change* 
Combating climate change and adapting to its consequences, much like environmental regulations 
associated with these actions, are all opportunities for the Group. However, some of the Group’s 
businesses may be exposed to physical risks from climate change, and some changes in regulations 
could impact some activities. 
 
Physical risks 
The physical risk associated with climate change is now materializing in a very significant way with 
the increase in intensity and frequency of extreme weather events that the Group observes year after 
year. In Australia, for example, devastating forest fires have polluted primary water resources. The 
same extreme climatic phenomena may also affect, to a lesser extent, the waste, water or electricity 
distribution activities of other vulnerable regions where the Group operates, such as Australia, 
Morocco, China or the South of France, as shown by the flooding episodes experienced in the North 
of Morocco, the Henan province in China or the Cannes, Grasse and Agen regions. This risk is 
increased by the broad geographical scope of the Group’s operations and the fact that the Group’s 
operations are commonly large, key infrastructure facilities located in sometimes environmentally 
sensitive areas. The Group takes this risk into account in relation to service continuity risks as well as 
reputation risk described below.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Transition risks related to climate change 
Transition risks arise primarily from increasing climate change regulations in several countries and 
regions around the world. In France, through the Energy Transition for Green Growth Act of August 
17, 2015; in Europe through “The Climate and Energy Package”; and more recently, in 2018, “The 
Clean Energy Package”, including the amendment of the Directive on the EU-Emissions Trading 
system. 
Regulations related to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions do not yet include the waste management 
sector in an emissions tax mechanism, although some of the Group's activities related to the production 
of energy or secondary raw materials (solid recovered fuels, chemicals) may be eligible. At this stage, 
different scenarios are possible, with positive or negative impacts depending on the configurations 
envisaged. The Group's most energy-intensive activities will nevertheless be increasingly covered by 
carbon pricing mechanisms. 
In addition, as part of the roll-out of the EU Action Plan for Sustainable Finance Growth, a European 
taxonomy of sustainable activities has been established in 2021 to identify economic activities that can 
be classified as environmentally "sustainable". The full implementation of the scheme is expected to 
be completed by 2023. This could ultimately contribute to focusing investments on only part of the 
waste management and recovery activities, to the detriment of the Group's other business activities 
that also have a positive environmental impact that is not recognised within the narrow framework 
according to the defined criteria. 
 
Risks related to the environmental regulatory compliance of the Group's business activities* 
More generally, the Group's businesses are subject to increasingly stringent environmental protection, 
public health and safety regulations, which differ from country to country. These rules apply to water 
discharges, drinking water quality, waste treatment, long-term monitoring of landfills, soil and water 
table contamination, air emissions quality, compliance of equipment and chemical products, and 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 
Despite managing these regulatory risks within the Group, there are still many risks that result from 
the vagueness of some regulatory provisions which may result in inconsistent application or 
enforcement or the fact that regulatory bodies can amend their enforcing instructions and that major 
developments in the legal framework may occur. In addition, the relevant regulatory bodies have the 
power to bring administrative or legal proceedings against the Group, which could lead to the 
suspension or revocation of permits or authorizations the Group holds, injunctions to cease or abandon 
certain activities or services, fines, civil penalties, or criminal convictions, which could negatively and 
significantly affect the Group’s public image, activity, financial position, earnings and outlook. These 
administrative authorizations can be difficult to obtain or renew and often involve a long, costly and 
unpredictable procedure. Finally, the conditions attached to authorizations and permits that the Group 
has obtained could be made substantially more stringent by the relevant authorities.  
A change or strengthening of the regulatory framework could result in additional costs or investments 
for the Group. Subsequently, the Group could be forced to reduce, temporarily interrupt, or even 
discontinue one or more activities with no assurance of being able to offset for the corresponding 
losses. As a result, the “National Sword” policy put in place by China in 2017, which aimed to limit 
or prohibit imports of certain types of recyclable waste into the country (plastic, paper and other 
materials) had an impact on sales volumes and prices for recyclable materials in Europe.  
The applicable regulations involve investments and operating costs not only for the Group, but also 
for its customers, and particularly contracting local or regional public authorities, notably due to

--- Page 18 ---
18 
compliance obligations. Failure by the customer to meet its obligations could injure the Group as 
operator and harm its reputation and ability to grow.  
(b) 
Reputation and opinion risk* 
Since the advent of the single Suez brand, and given the global reach of the Group’s business activities, 
the reputation risk the Group faces after any incident occurs in one of its operating entities, such as the 
water system supply accidentally being cut off, alleged wrongdoing, an ethics problem, fraud, a cyber-
attack, the frequency of which is steadily increasing, is higher. Other events such as prolonged water 
cuts due to an accidental pollution incident that occurred in a drinking water production plant could 
also heighten this risk. This risk could be increased by whistleblowers being active on social media 
where information is shared widely and immediately. This reputation risk may be compounded by an 
NGO intervening and alleging human rights abuses under France’s law on duty of vigilance. 
In addition, business activities specific to the Group (water treatment, incineration, etc.) affect its 
reputation in relation to a number of sensitive societal issues: health, air quality, water quality, 
micropollutants, plastic use, services to extractive industries, management of common goods and 
access to essential services. Any overstepping of the regulatory standard for drinking water, whatever 
its origin, could have a negative impact on the Group’s image. Lastly, actions by staff, corporate 
officers or representatives violating the ethical principles affirmed by the Group could expose it to 
legal and civil penalties as well as lead to loss of reputation. 
It is also important that the Group maintains good relations with the governments and regulatory 
authorities of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Any deterioration in the Group’s relations 
with the governments and regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which it operates could 
adversely affect the Group’s ability to develop its business in these jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Risks of commercial losses and re-municipalisation* 
The Group’s core businesses continue to face strong competition from major international operators 
and, in some markets, from “niche” players. Additionally, new players such as industrial companies 
(equipment manufacturers, builders), financial companies (Asian conglomerates), companies in the 
digital economy sector or even our own customers or suppliers are investing in markets or 
repositioning themselves in the value chain by adopting aggressive strategies and diversifying their 
offerings in the service industry. In addition, the Group also faces competition from public sector 
operators in some markets, such as the semi-public companies in France. Finally, some cities may 
want to retain or assume direct management of water and waste services (notably in the form of public 
control, régie) instead of depending on private operators especially in France. This competitive 
pressure is even stronger in the water treatment engineering sector due to the ramping up of new 
Spanish and South Korean players, to the contraction of the European municipal market as a result of 
local public entities experiencing financial problems and to a lack of competitiveness. 
Regarding contractual risks, the contracts entered into by the Group with public authorities make up a 
significant share of its revenues. However, in most of the countries in which the Group operates, 
including France and Morocco, local public entities have the right, under certain circumstances, to 
amend or even terminate the contract unilaterally, subject to compensation. If a contract is unilaterally 
cancelled or amended by the contracting public authority, the Group may not be able to obtain 
compensation that fully offsets the resulting loss of earnings. Moreover, the Group does not always 
own the assets that it uses in its operations under a public service delegation contract (primarily 
through public service concessions or leases). Suez cannot guarantee that the contracting authority 
will, at the end of their respective terms, renew each of its existing public service delegation contracts 
or that the financial conditions of the renewal will be the same as the initial delegation. This situation 
could negatively impact the Group’s operations, financial position, earnings and outlook.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Prior to the expiry of any contract, the Group will seek to initiate discussions in relation to, and, if 
successful, will enter into negotiations relating to, the extension or renewal of these contracts. Should 
the Group determine that there is a significant risk of non-extension or be unable to extend such 
contracts, the Group may recognise impairment charges in respect of certain of these assets in the 
future. To the extent that, in the future, any of the Group’s long-term contracts expires and the Group 
is unable to replace the capacity, whether by extension or investment in new facilities, the Group’s 
business, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by either or both of 
impairment charges and lost revenue. 
(d) 
Risks related to inflation* 
The risk of inflation is spreading throughout Europe and worldwide. This results in an increase in the 
cost of raw materials, equipment or labour. Not all contracts operated by the Group incorporate price 
revision clauses. Even for contracts where this possibility exists, the indexation formula may not be 
fully offset by the price increases, resulting in a negative impact on the Group's activity, earnings and 
outlook. 
In addition, it is not possible to exclude potential effects on the overall political and labour environment 
(similar to the “yellow vest” crisis in France) with a degradation of the social climate in the society 
and within the Group. 
(e) 
Risk related to the economic downturn triggered by the Covid-19 crisis* 
The global health crisis caused by the Covid-19 epidemic led to successive sharp downturns in 
economic activity until the first quarter of 2021. The rapid expansion of immunisation campaigns, 
combined with massive government support for business, has led to a stronger-than-expected recovery, 
pointing to a clearer horizon in the short to medium term. However, the low levels of vaccination in 
certain regions of the world (Africa, Asia) mean that there is still a risk of the emergence of new 
pathogenic variants, which could lead to the implementation of new measures to curb the epidemic 
(teleworking, confinements, etc.). 
In addition to the severe deterioration of public accounts (debt, successive deficits), the health crisis 
has significantly degraded the cash flow of a large number of companies. The overall risk linked to 
the collection of receivables is therefore also aggravated by the pandemic because of the difficulties 
encountered by the various economic agents: companies, but also administrations and households. 
(f) 
Risk of insufficient innovation and inadequate adjustment to digital technology* 
Within the Group, the risk of losing competitiveness mainly impacts the construction businesses, as 
well as the Africa, Central Asia and India region. This risk is in large part due to an increase in and 
worldwide spread of competition, particularly from Spanish and Chinese competitors, as well as 
competitors from other Asian and emerging countries. Innovation is an answer to this risk. The Group 
cannot, however, guarantee it will be agile enough to adapt if needed in terms of market intelligence, 
technological innovation, competitive costs, performance and quality. This risk can result in not being 
able to win planned projects, or in a decrease in the margins necessary to stay competitive, especially 
in the construction business.  
In addition, in order to offer comparable or better performing services than those offered by 
competitors, or to win new markets, the Group has chosen to make innovation a central focus of its 
strategy and develop new technologies and services by emphasizing major focus areas-innovation, 
marketing, R&D and digital transformation-to meet our customers’ and industrial companies’ 
expectations. This would help generate additional revenue, but would also be a source of new risks- 
time-to-market could be too long for new products and services, there could be delays in developing

--- Page 20 ---
20 
a “digital” offering compared to the competition, or uncontrolled development costs could have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s financial position and earnings.  
Lastly, a delay in defining and implementing more customer-oriented IT architecture (harmonizing 
customer relations management (CRM) systems, Group Internet of Things (IoT) policy, adopting a 
multi-cloud environment) would put the Group’s ability to participate in new water and waste services 
e-economy at risk. 
(g) 
Risks of lower volumes and prices 
In the supply of drinking water in some developed countries, a decrease is being observed in volumes 
consumed mainly due to societal factors and because water is a resource that needs to be preserved. 
For example, in France, the Group estimates that billed water volumes are declining structurally by 
approximately 1% per year on average. A similar downward trend in volumes consumed has also been 
observed more recently in Morocco. To respond to this decline in volumes, the Group is achieving 
productivity gains, providing in certain contracts for a tariff share independent of the volumes 
consumed, developing higher value-added services, particularly by supporting public authorities in 
their obligation to respond to meet changing regulations, and making tariff adjustments. However, if 
these developments are not sufficient in the future to offset the reduced volume, there maybe a negative 
impact on the Group's activity, earnings and outlook. 
Water volumes consumed also depend on weather changes. As a result, exceptional rainfall could 
negatively impact the Group’s activity and earnings. 
Regulatory changes could also have an impact on prices, margins, investments, operations and 
consequently the Group’s business activities, earnings and outlook. The Group carries out most of its 
business activities under long-term contracts with terms of up to 30 years or more. The conditions for 
performing these long-term contracts may be different from those that existed or that were anticipated 
at the time the contract was entered into and may change its financial balance. Suez makes every effort 
to obtain contractual mechanisms that allow it to adjust the balance of the contract in response to 
changes in certain significant economic, social, technical or regulatory conditions. However, not all 
long-term contracts entered into by the Group have such mechanisms. Moreover, when the contracts 
entered into by the Group contain such adjustment mechanisms, it is not certain that the contractual 
partner will agree to implement them or that they will be effective in re-establishing the financial 
balance of the contract. The absence or potential ineffectiveness of the adjustment mechanisms 
provided for by the Group in its contracts or the refusal of a contractual partner to implement them 
could have a negative impact on the Group’s financial position, earnings and outlook. 
(h) 
Risks related to delays in the performance plan 
The Group started a multi-annual operating performance improvement plan that involves optimizing 
operating, purchasing and overhead costs. Subject to the confirmation that the Group will pursue this 
multi-annual performance plan, the Group needs to transform its operating model.  
Any transformation delay, and specifically in advancing projects, could adversely affect the Group.  
Additionally, even if transformation plans have been rolled out, there is still a risk that they will not 
end up saving as much money as planned or being as effective as hoped.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
2. 
Operational risks 
(a) 
Risk related to the quality of water, products and services* 
Risk related to water, product and service quality is a core focus for the Group and its ability to provide 
essential services that it has committed to deliver to its customers in compliance with required quality 
standards and specifications. 
Exposure to this risk has grown considering some notable risk factors, including: 
 
Extreme weather events such as the historic forest fires in Australia, which will reveal even 
 
more technological challenges to meet water quality and service continuity standards. 
 
Discharges of effluent treated from wastewater treatment plants into dry rivers may become 
 
increasingly frequent and problematic; 
 
The regulatory environment is noting these changes, which will require greater control of 
 
polluting substances as well as additional investments to maintain compliance with quality 
 
limits introduced in new regulations, for example, concerning perfluorinated compounds in 
 
Europe;  
 
Compliance requirements for recycled materials such as compost, solid recovered fuels, end-
 
of-waste status; 
 
The increase in quality requirements for secondary raw materials as these secondary raw 
 
materials will be incorporated into products for everyday consumption more often;  
 
The Group’s ability to provide suitable services when new innovative and digital product lines 
 
and services are launched, especially for the Smart & Environmental Solutions business line.  
(b) 
Environmental and industrial risks* 
The facilities that the Group owns or manages on behalf of third parties carry risks to the surrounding 
environment (air, water, soil, habitat and biodiversity) and may pose risks to the health of consumers, 
local residents, employees, or even subcontractors. These health and environmental risks, which are 
governed by strict national and international regulations, are regularly monitored by the Group’s teams 
and by the public authorities. These changing regulations with regard to environmental responsibility 
and environmental liabilities carry the risk of increasing the Company’s vulnerability in relation to its 
activities. This vulnerability must be assessed for older facilities (such as closed landfills) and for sites 
in operation. It can also concern harm caused by or damage inflicted on habitats or species. 
As part of its activities, the Group must handle, or even generate, hazardous products or by-products. 
This is the case, for example, with certain chemicals used in water treatment. In waste treatment, some 
Group facilities treat special industrial or medical waste that may be toxic or infectious. 
In waste management, gas emissions to be considered include greenhouse gases, gases that induce 
acidification of the air, noxious gases and dust. In water activities, potential air pollutants mainly 
include chlorine or gaseous by-products resulting from accidental emissions of water treatment 
products. Wastewater treatment and waste treatment activities can also cause odor problems or 
produce limited but dangerous quantities of toxic gas or micro-organisms.  
In the absence of adequate management, the Group’s activities could have an impact on water in the 
natural environment: leachates from poorly monitored landfills, discharges of heavy metals into the 
environment, and aqueous discharges from flue gas treatment systems at incineration plants. These 
various types of emissions could pollute water tables or watercourses. Wastewater treatment plants

--- Page 22 ---
22 
discharge decontaminated water into the natural environment. For various reasons, these plants may 
temporarily fail to meet discharge standards in terms of organic, nitrogen, phosphorus or 
bacteriological load.  
Issues relating to soil pollution in the event of accidental spills concern the storage of hazardous 
products or liquids or leaks from processes involving hazardous liquids as well as the storage and 
spreading of treatment sludge. 
Non-compliance with these standards can lead to contractual financial penalties or fines. 
There are risks related to the operation of waste treatment facilities, water treatment facilities, water 
supply networks and certain services rendered in industrial settings. These risks can lead to industrial 
accidents such as fires or explosions caused by design faults or by external events beyond the Group’s 
control (actions by third parties, landslides, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, etc.). Such industrial or 
health accidents may cause injuries, loss of human life, significant damage to property or to the 
environment, as well as business interruption and loss of output. 
Although the Group has premium civil liability and environmental risk insurance, it may still be held 
liable above the amount of its coverage or for items not covered in the event of claims involving the 
Group. Moreover, the amounts provisioned or covered may be insufficient if the Group incurs 
environmental liability, given the uncertainties inherent in forecasting expenses and liabilities related 
to health, safety and the environment. Therefore, the Group’s liability for environmental and industrial 
risks could have a significant negative impact on its public image, activity, financial position, earnings 
and outlook. 
Moreover, according to Directive 2012/18/EU of 4 July 2012, Suez operates Seveso-designated within 
the European Union. Suez also operates other hazardous industrial sites for which it strives to apply 
the same high industrial safety standards. 
Any incident at these sites could cause serious damage to employees working on the site, to 
neighbouring populations and to the environment, and expose the Group to significant consequences. 
The Group's insurance coverage could turn out to be insufficient. Any such actual or alleged incident 
could therefore have a significant negative impact on the reputation, public image, activity, financial 
position, earnings and outlook of the Group. 
(c) 
Risks related to cybersecurity, data protection and unavailability of information systems* 
Information systems are critically important in supporting all the Group’s business processes.  
Increasingly, they are interconnected and cut across business segments. Any failure could lead to loss 
of business, loss of data or breach of confidentiality, and could negatively impact the Group’s 
operations, financial position and earnings.  
The implementation of new applications may require considerable development, with risks relating to 
development costs, quality and deadlines.  
The risks due to cyber security and malicious intrusions into information systems are increasing. 
Cyber-attacks are getting larger and becoming more frequent, more sophisticated and potentially 
costly. These risks are a threat to data security and can lead to acts of fraud or customer relationship 
management (CRM) data breaches. They also heighten the vulnerability of supervisory control and 
data acquisition (SCADA) systems, which could result in, for instance, losing partial control of a water 
or waste treatment plant. Rapid technological changes – and especially the rise of the Cloud and the 
internet of Things – have increased the level of potential threats as well as the risk of losing control of

--- Page 23 ---
23 
the Group’s IT systems. The lack of efficient patch management processes or vulnerability manage-
ment processes may lead to the development of security gaps, especially when equipment and software 
are not updated or when vulnerabilities identified are not corrected. 
Insufficient investments or updates in IT equipment or infrastructure make the Group vulnerable to 
system failures or outages.  
Office and industrial Information Technology is increasingly connected to the internet, which in turn 
makes the systems increasingly open and vulnerable. Not only has the risk of fraud grown, but 
corporate and personal data breaches have as well, resulting in an additional risk of not complying 
with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which could lead to not only considerable 
financial penalties, but also civil or even class action lawsuits. The increasing vigilance of authorities 
(EU and non-EU) regarding the protection of personal data, combined with the increase in penalties 
imposed on companies that fail to manage this information, means that there is still a significant risk 
despite the Group's progress in this area. Software, sites, media and customer interfaces are by nature 
the most sensitive to this risk within the Group. 
Group employees having a relatively low level of IT security maturity is also a compounding factor 
for these risks.  
(d) 
Risks related to service continuity 
These risks are first and foremost related to interruptions in water services, caused by events such as 
accidental pollution or maintenance failures. For business activities related to waste recycling and 
recovery, the Group could also be impacted by service interruptions at collection or treatment centers. 
These risks could also be exacerbated by the Covid pandemic, which would have a significant health 
impact on the Group's employees at the operating sites. 
The main risks identified are in Australia and Morocco. Due to the single "Suez" brand, the impact on 
the Group's reputation would be amplified by such events. Contractual penalties could also apply. 
In general, in a world where climate change and its proven impacts are rapidly gaining momentum, 
increased drought frequency and intensity could lead to a localized decrease in the availability of 
groundwater and surface water resources. This increasing scarcity of water resources, in combination 
with demographic and metropolitanisation pressures, could reduce or interrupt production capacity. 
Moreover, the increase of drought phenomena could increase the risk of saltwater intrusion into 
groundwater.  
Likewise, the increased frequency of significant rainfall events, as well as the increase in their 
intensity, creates a growing risk in coming decades of flooding in Group-managed facilities, genera-
ting service interruptions and overloading storm sewer networks or units. Meanwhile, the disruption 
of transportation systems by flooding could affect power supply, waste collection and the delivery of 
reagents for water treatment.  
Some Group companies depend on raw water, treated water or primary energy suppliers for their 
distribution activities. Such dependence is generally imposed by regulation or local technical 
configurations, leading to the de facto monopoly of these suppliers. It is always possible that such 
suppliers may fail to meet their obligations due to technical issues (breakdowns), pollution or for other 
reasons, causing a risk of service interruption. 
(e) 
Recruitment, skills and succession risks 
The Group carries out its various activities through a wide range of expertise within its population of 
technicians and managers. In order to avoid the loss of key skills, the Group must anticipate labour

--- Page 24 ---
24 
needs for certain positions. Furthermore, international growth and the evolution of the Group's 
businesses require new know-how and a high degree of staff mobility, particularly among managers. 
In particular, Suez has identified risks such as shortages in critical skills (e.g. sales forces for the 
industrial sector, large project managers or mega-data experts) or in activities new to the Group such 
as smart cities or digital, difficulties in defining succession plans that could affect the continuity of 
operations or project management, an ageing workforce due to the demographics in certain countries.  
The Group's success depends on its ability to map existing skills, recruit, train and retain a sufficient 
number of employees, including senior managers, engineers and technicians, and salespeople 
(particularly for industrial markets) with the required skills, expertise and local knowledge. The Group 
is likely to face challenges in recruiting and retaining such employees as a result of intense competition 
for personnel with relevant experience. 
The economic recovery has also highlighted the structural imbalances in the labour market in European 
economies. The Group, faces the growing risk of experiencing the labour shortages that some sectors 
are already experiencing in Europe. 
An inability to recruit, train or retain necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
(f) 
Construction risk 
The Group is involved in the design and construction of certain facilities. 
These risks are related to the completion of fixed price turnkey contracts. Under the terms of such 
contracts, subsidiaries agree to engineer, design and build operation-ready plants for a fixed price. 
Actual expenses resulting from the execution of a turnkey contract can vary substantially from initial 
projections for a variety of reasons, such as: 
 
unforeseen increases in the cost of raw materials, equipment or labour; 
 
an inability to complete projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts; 
 
not obtaining, or delays in obtaining, the necessary construction or operation licences or 
 
authorisations; 
 
unexpected construction conditions; 
 
delays due to weather conditions, and/or natural phenomena (particularly earthquakes, floods 
 
or pandemics); 
 
not achieving expected performance or unforeseen technological difficulties; 
 
failure to achieve agreed technical parameters at completion; 
 
bot being able to obtain enough resources required per the contract for project management or 
 
oversight, in particular when the Group assumes the role of integrator in waste infrastructure 
 
design and construction projects; 
 
non-performance by partners, suppliers or subcontractors. 
For example, the Group suffered in 2011 from construction costs overrun and delays in the design & 
build activities of a desalination plant in Melbourne, Australia.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The terms of a fixed-price lump sum turnkey contract do not necessarily make it possible to increase 
prices to reflect elements that were difficult to predict when the bid was submitted. For these reasons, 
it is impossible to determine with certainty the final costs or margins of a contract at the time the bid 
was submitted, or even at the start of the contract’s performance phase. If costs were to increase for 
any of these reasons, the subsidiaries carrying out this type of business could see their margins shrink, 
potentially causing them to sustain a significant loss on the contract. 
Engineering, Procurement and Construction projects can encounter difficulties that may entail a 
reduction in revenues, disputes or lawsuits. These projects are generally complex and require major 
purchases of equipment and large-scale project management. Schedule delays could occur, and the 
subsidiaries could encounter difficulties in design, engineering, the supply chain, construction and/or 
installation. These factors could have an impact on their ability to complete certain projects by the 
original deadline. 
Certain terms of the contracts entered into, require the client to provide particular design or 
engineering-related information, in addition to the materials or equipment to be used for the project. 
These contracts may also require the client to compensate them for additional work done or expenses 
incurred, if (i) the client changes its instructions, or (ii) the client is unable to provide them with 
adequate design or engineering information or appropriate materials or equipment for the project. In 
such cases, these subsidiaries usually negotiate financial compensation with their clients for the 
additional time and money spent due to the client’s failure to meet its contractual obligations. 
However, the Group cannot guarantee that it will receive sufficient compensation to offset the extra 
costs incurred, even if it takes the dispute to court or arbitration. 
The Group, as part of the guarantees given to cover its subsidiaries’ commitments, may be required to 
pay financial compensation if it breaches contractual deadlines or other contractual stipulations. For 
example, the new facility’s performance may not comply with project specifications, a subsequent 
accident may invoke the Group’s civil or criminal liability, or other problems may arise (now or in the 
future) in the performance of the contract that may also significantly impact the Group’s operating 
income. 
(g) 
Risks related to transition 
After months of uncertainties unleashed by the takeover bid by Veolia, and the successful finalisation 
of the carve-out, the Group is in the process of building its strategy and operating model in its revised 
configuration. Transition risks exist in some areas such as governance set up or talent management 
that need to be quickly addressed. 
The Group's success depends on its ability to map existing skills and identify potential shortages in 
critical skills or regions, in order to avoid any difficulty in deploying the roadmap. Any loss in the 
future of the services of key members of the Group’s senior management or staff with institutional 
knowledge could cause delays in meeting its strategic objectives and could have an adverse effect on 
its business operations.  
 
3. 
Financial risks 
(a) 
The results of operations and financial position of the Group for future periods may be 
materially different from those presented or implied by the Combined Financial 
Statements* 
The combined financial statements of the New Suez Perimeter (as defined in section “Description of 
the Issuer”) for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Combined Financial Statements”) were 
prepared to illustrate the results of operations and financial position of the entities, assets and liabilities

--- Page 26 ---
26 
constituting the operational activity of the New Suez Perimeter prior to the legal reorganisation 
following which the New Suez Perimeter became controlled by the Issuer and do not constitute pro 
forma financial information within the meaning of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980. The Combined Financial Statements have been prepared on the basis of the following: (i) 
the integration methods used by Former SUEZ in its historical financial statements for the financial 
years 2020 and 2021, (ii) the accounting methods and principles and material assumptions used by 
Former SUEZ, (iii) the assets and liabilities’ values retained in the Combined Financial Statements are 
those used by Former SUEZ, and other element, all as more fully described in Note 1.2 “Basis of 
presentation of the combined accounts” of the Combined Financial Statements. The Combined 
Financial Statements are presented for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect the operating results 
that the New Suez Perimeter would have obtained had the New Suez Perimeter existed as a separate 
legal entity as of the dates indicated therein. Accordingly, the Group’s results in the future may differ 
significantly from those portrayed or implied by the Combined Financial Statements. 
(b) 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk derives mainly from its floating rate net financial debt, 
including in particular borrowings under the Bridge Loan and the Term Loan (each as defined in 
section “Description of the Issuer”) entered into by the Issuer in the context of, and for the purpose of, 
financing the acquisition of the New Suez Perimeter by the Issuer and which are intended to be 
refinanced, including by way of issue of Notes under the Programme. An increase in interest rates 
could force the Group to finance or refinance its future needs at a higher cost. 
The Group's policy is to diversify its net debt rate references between fixed and floating rates. The aim 
is to achieve a balanced distribution among various interest rates and maturities. 
The Group also uses hedging instruments (particularly swaps) to protect itself from interest rate 
fluctuations in the currencies in which its debt is denominated.  
The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk is for the most part centrally managed and regularly 
reviewed during meetings of the Treasury Committee. Hedges decided upon by the Treasury 
Committee are executed and implemented on behalf of the Group by its Group Treasury. 
(c) 
Currency risk 
Given the nature of its activities, the Group has limited exposure to currency risk on transactions, 
meaning flows relating to the activities of the Issuer and its subsidiaries are primarily denominated in 
their local currency, with activities denominated in Euros representing approximately 77% of the New 
Suez Perimeter’s revenues as of 31 December 2021. 
The geographic diversification of its activities exposes the Group to translation risk, i.e., its financial 
and income statements are sensitive to foreign exchange rate fluctuations when consolidating the 
accounts of foreign subsidiaries outside the Eurozone. As a result, fluctuation in the value of the euro 
against these various currencies may affect the value of these items in its financial statements, even if 
their intrinsic value has not changed in their original currency. In addition, the Group implements 
currency hedges to create synthetic debt in foreign currency based on the euro, mainly to fund some 
of its foreign subsidiaries. 
(d) 
Liquidity risk 
Some borrowings contracted by Group subsidiaries, or by the Group on behalf of its subsidiaries, such 
as the Facilities Agreement (as defined in section “Description of the Issuer”), include clauses 
requiring certain ratios to be maintained. As of the 31 January 2022, the total financial debt of the 
Issuer amounted to €4,451 million and, pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Agreement relating

--- Page 27 ---
27 
to the adjustment of the purchase price of the New Suez Perimeter, the Issuer may have to increase its 
borrowings in the future, should the final purchase price be adjusted upwards. The definition and level 
of these ratios, that is, the financial covenants, are determined in agreement with the lenders and may 
potentially be revised during the term of the loan. Failure to comply with these covenants could lead 
lenders to declare a covenant event of default and demand early repayment.     
(e) 
Risks linked to price fluctuations of certain commodities and energy 
Any health, political or economic crisis could lead to a severe and sharp contraction in global GDP 
and to price fluctuations of certain commodities and energy. During the Covid-19 crisis, the 
simultaneous increase in demand in many parts of the world has increased the pressure on raw and 
secondary materials and pushed up their prices. Moreover, the current geopolitical crisis in Ukraine 
and its consequences on the supply chain, energy markets, and the economy could potentially 
negatively affect the Group, even though the Group does not have any activity in Russia and Belarus 
and has low exposure to Ukraine where the Group performs limited consulting activities for local 
clients.  
The Group’s waste collection and recovery activities use commodities and energy, especially diesel 
and electricity, so it is exposed to any fluctuations in their prices. The risks associated with the price 
of diesel and electricity are usually mitigated by mechanisms for revising and indexing the tariffs 
provided for in the Group’s contracts with customers, particularly in long-term contracts. The Group 
cannot guarantee that such mechanisms will cover all of the additional costs generated by increases in 
electricity and oil prices. In addition, some contracts entered into by the Group do not include indexing 
provisions. Accordingly, any major increase in the price of electricity or oil could have a negative 
impact on the Group’s earnings and outlook. 
In addition, the Group’s waste activities produce plastic, wood, cardboard, metals and electricity. An 
economic downturn resulting in significant reduction in their price could affect the profitability of 
certain investments or the economic balance of certain contracts and have a negative impact on the 
Group’s operations, earnings and outlook. 
 
(B) 
Risk factors relating to the Notes  
1. 
Risk factors relating to all Series of Notes  
French Insolvency Law  
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 have been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption 
of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall 
be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a

--- Page 28 ---
28 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped 
into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by a class of affected parties 
could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Credit Risk  
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. However, an investment in the 
Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it 
may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, which could materially 
and negatively impact the Noteholders and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Meetings and vote of Noteholders, Modification and waivers  
Condition 11 contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders or for consulting Noteholders 
through Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests generally (but Noteholders 
will not be grouped in a masse having legal personality governed by the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce and will not be represented by a representative of the masse), including without 
limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. These provisions permit in 
certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend (or 
were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, the relevant Written 
Resolution. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair 
or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes 
and hence investors may lose part of their investment. 
2. 
Risk factors relating to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Series of Notes 
may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter 
alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
Risk factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Series of Notes and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be significantly 
negatively altered.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Floating Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise 
(i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference 
rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be 
a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three 
(3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. 
Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-
term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in 
the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. As a 
result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests 
may be significantly negatively altered. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having 
longer fixed interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors 
are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. Should the 
reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, 
result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than 
the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. As a 
result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests 
may be significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, 
automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at a date specified in the Final Terms, can be converted 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The (automatic or 
optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as it can lead 
to a reduction of the total borrowing costs. If a Fixed Rate is converted into a Floating Rate, the rate 
spread between the Fixed Rate and the Floating Rate may be less in favour than the rate spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
may be, at any time, lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a Floating Rate is converted into a 
Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than the rates applicable to these Notes and any such volatility 
may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” 
and “Floating Rate Notes”. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”. EURIBOR and 
other indices are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences

--- Page 30 ---
30 
could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to 
such a “benchmark”.  
The purpose of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 
2016 (as amended, the “Benchmarks Regulation”) is to regulate the risk of manipulating the value 
of indices and to reduce the risk of conflicts of interests arising. Most of the provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation have applied since 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data 
to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. The Benchmarks Regulation, among 
other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical benchmark” 
indices, applies to many interest rate and foreign exchange rate indices, equity indices and other indices 
(including “proprietary” indices or strategies) where used to determine the amount payable under or 
the value or performance of certain financial instruments traded on a trading venue or via a systematic 
internaliser, financial contracts and investment funds. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate or 
index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular: 
- 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity 
(including the Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with 
the requirement of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their 
investment or receive less income than would have been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled "Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Event" below).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF 
Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, 
whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-
element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark 
was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 12 February 2021 and applies since 13 February 2021 (the “Amending 
Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain benchmarks by conferring on the Commission or competent national authorities the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being 
replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of 
cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called 
“fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the Commission or 
competent national authorities. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes a benchmark is replaced by a 
benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of 
such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or 
liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such 
benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2023 and empowered 
the Commission to further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such 
developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements 
arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate 
(“€STR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average and the Secured Overnight Financing Rates, as 
reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling or U.S. dollar bonds, as applicable, and their 
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof 
may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this 
Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing €STR, pursuant to Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VI) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in a way that differs materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing €STR.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect

--- Page 32 ---
32 
the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of 
being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. €STR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will 
be determined using the alternative methods described in the Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the 
€STR reference rate had been provided by the European Central Bank in its current form. Accordingly, 
an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may entail significant risks not associated with similar 
investments in convention debt securities. 
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Event  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined (but not in respect of €STR), and EURIBOR or another 
Reference Rate has been selected as the Reference Rate, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides that the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or 
replacement). In circumstances where the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the 
Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides for the Rate of Interest to be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert 
to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
Original Reference Rate was unavailable (and solely in the context that such unavailability does not 
qualify as a Benchmark Event). Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference Rate, 
the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such Original 
Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in 
Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 5(a)) may be 
determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The 
aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an 
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The 
use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) 
may still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest will be the Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next 
succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is 
likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were 
to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the first Interest Period, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. 
This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders may, in 
such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have expected if 
an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail to determine 
such Successor or Alternative Rate. 
Risk factors relating to Zero Coupon Notes  
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of 
investment associated with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Risk factors relating to the Redemption of the Notes  
Notes subject to early redemption  
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, under a call 
option, in whole or in part, as provided in Condition 6(b), a make-whole call option, in whole or in 
part, as provided in Condition 6(c) or a clean-up call option, in whole but not in part, as provided in 
Condition 6(d). In particular, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the Clean-Up 
Percentage (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and 
the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice 
in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in 
part, further to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(h). 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might 
negatively affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, since 
the Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, an 
investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the return that would have been received on such Notes had they not been redeemed. 
As a consequence, the yield received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed 
face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. 
As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in 
subscribing the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders. 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer are 
exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer or the 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised  
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c) and the Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b) are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market 
in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Exercise of the Put Option in case of Change of Control in respect of certain Notes may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised  
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option in case of 
Change of Control provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of 
those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders may 
lose part of their investment.  
Risk factors relating to Green Bonds 
The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Green Bonds may not be suitable for the investment 
criteria of a Noteholder 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to issue “green bonds” (the “Green Bonds”) and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds 
to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible 
Green Projects, as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the relevant Final Terms and further 
described in the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) 
(the “Green Bond Framework”) available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.suez.com/-
/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-english/finance/suez-greenbondframework-en-
2022.pdf?open=true).  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be 
defined as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. On 18 December 
2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation to 
establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development. On 18 June 2020, the Taxonomy 
Regulation was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament. The Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and 
investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered 
environmentally sustainable. Climate Delegated Acts entered into force on 1st January 2022. However, 
further development of the Taxonomy Regulation will take place concerning certain specific economic 
activities and concerning other environmental objectives, in particular with respect to “pollution 
presentation and control” and “transition to circular economy” which are keys for the Issuer’s 
activities. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, 
or substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, the Eligible Green Projects may not be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for the Eligible 
Green Projects. Moreover, the Eligible Green Projects may not be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an 
Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or 
certification may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green Bonds 
and/or result in adverse consequences for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Risk factors relating to Notes linked to or referencing a specific underlying 
Risk factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined 
by reference to the rate of inflation in France, in the European Monetary Union or in the United States 
of America (“Inflation Linked Notes”), where interest amounts and/or principal are dependent upon 
the performance of an inflation index, which will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding 
tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant substitute index (the “CPI”), as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), 
(ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant substitute index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly 
by Eurostat (the “HICP”) or (iii) the United States non-seasonally adjusted consumer price index for 
all urban consumers as reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of 
Labor (“BLS”) and published on Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or any successor source (“US CPI”) 
(each an “Inflation Index” and together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the value of the relevant index 
calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the 
time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest 
payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may 
receive no interest. However, if, at maturity, the level of the relevant Inflation Index is less than 1.00, 
the Notes will be redeemed at par.  
The above factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment.  
Risk factors relating to the denomination of the Notes 
Risk factors relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes  
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated 
in RMB (“RMB Notes”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential investors. 
RMB is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
RMB is not freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion 
between RMB and foreign currencies, including the U.S. dollar, despite the significant reduction over 
the years by the PRC government of its control over routine foreign exchange transactions under 
current accounts.  
Remittance of RMB by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such 
as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or 
completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities and is subject to a strict 
monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of RMB into the PRC for settlement of 
capital account items are developing gradually.  
Although RMB was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to RMB to settle cross-border transactions 
in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) in 2018, the PRC 
government may not continue to liberalise the control over cross-border RMB remittances in the 
future, any pilot schemes for RMB cross-border utilisation may be discontinued or new PRC 
regulations may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the 
remittance of RMB into or outside the PRC. In the event that the Issuer funds cannot be repatriated 
outside the PRC in RMB, this may affect overall availability of RMB outside the PRC and the ability 
of the Issuer to source RMB to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
There is only limited availability of RMB outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to source RMB outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross border RMB fund flows, the 
availability of RMB outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the RMB, the PBOC has 
established RMB clearing and settlement systems for participating banks in various countries through 
settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the clearing of RMB business with financial 
institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, a “RMB Clearing Bank”) and these 
RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of RMB trade transactions. 
However, the current size of RMB-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. There are 
restrictions imposed by the PBOC on RMB business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
RMB settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, RMB 
business participating banks do not have direct RMB liquidity support from the PBOC. The relevant 
RMB Clearing Bank only has access to its own onshore liquidity support from the PBOC to square 
open positions of its relevant participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In each case, the participating banks will need 
to source RMB from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore RMB market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. 
New PRC regulations may be promulgated in the future or the Settlement Agreements may be 
terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of RMB 
offshore. The limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. 
To the extent the Issuer is required to source RMB in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, 
the Issuer may not be able to source such RMB on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort 
to using another currency, such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, 
the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into 
RMB, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
Risk factors relating to the market generally  
Liquidity Risks/Trading Market for the Notes  
Application may be made to list and/or admit Series of Notes issuer hereunder on Euronext Paris 
and/or any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a 
certificate of approval has been made). The Notes may not have an established trading market when 
issued and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. The absence of 
liquidity may have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a 
number of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors 
such as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be 
paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount 
of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments (e.g., 
commodities or securities) linked to the reference rates and the level, direction and volatility of interest 
rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, certain Notes 
may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more limited 
secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable investors 
to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their investment in 
the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes  
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or that of the 
Group (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term senior unsecured debt and the short-term 
senior unsecured debt of the Issuer are currently rated Baa2 with stable outlook and Prime 2 
respectively by Moody’s France SAS) and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited 
to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.  
Application will be made in certain circumstances to admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and application 
may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the 
stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell 
the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or 
the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing part of its investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls  
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The principal of, or any return 
on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or more specified currencies 
(including exchange rates and swap indices between currencies or currency units). For investors whose 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the specified currency in which the related Notes are denominated, or where 
principal or return in respect of Notes is payable by reference to the value of one or more specified 
currencies other than by reference solely to the Investor’s Currency, an investment in such Notes 
entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar investment in a debt security denominated 
and payable in such Investor’s Currency. Such risks include, without limitation, the possibility of 
significant fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the applicable specified currency and the 
Investor’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls by 
authorities with jurisdiction over such specified currency or the Investor’s Currency. Such risks 
generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political events over which 
the Issuer has no control. 
Appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the value of the applicable specified 
currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on a Note denominated, 
or the principal of or return on which is payable, in such specified currency, in the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal of such Note payable at maturity (if any) and generally in the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of such Note. In addition, depending on the specific terms 
of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is determined by reference to the value of, one or 
more specified currencies (other than solely the Investor’s Currency), fluctuations in exchange rates 
relating to any of the currencies or currency units involved could result in a decrease in the effective 
yield on such Note and, in certain circumstances, could result in a loss of all or a substantial portion 
of the principal of such Note to the investor. 
Government and monetary authorities may also impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, if this risk ever 
materialises, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal 
at all.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect 
to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive 
advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes 
all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, 
“seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward looking 
statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (as amended, the “Commission 
Delegated Regulation”).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
1. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus, the constitutive 
documents (statuts) of the Issuer, all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus, the terms and conditions of the Sonate TopCO ORAs issued on 28 January 2022 and the 
Sonate TopCo Undertaking Agreement (as amended or supplemented, as the case may be) may be 
obtained, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. 
2. 
The following documents will be available, if relevant, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and of the Issuer (www.suez.com): 
(1) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris; and 
(2) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, 
as amended, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to the Notes. In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification 
by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme. 
An agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 6 May 
2022 has been agreed between Suez (the “Issuer”), Société Générale Luxembourg as fiscal agent, principal 
paying agent, redenomination agent, consolidation and calculation agent and Société Générale as paying agent 
and registration agent. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent, the calculation agent(s) 
and the make-whole calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registration 
Agent”, the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent”, the “Calculation Agent(s)” and the 
“Make-Whole Calculation Agent(s)”.  
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the 
“Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
- “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended; 
- “day” means a calendar day. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S), TITLE AND REDENOMINATION OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued by the Issuer either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Terms”), 
in (x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which credits the accounts of 
Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined below), (y) in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) only and, in such case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, either in 
administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will 
be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders or in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) inscribed 
in an account maintained by the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, according to Article 
L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
depositary identification information of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of 
incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such holders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, SA (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised 
form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in each such currency (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) or such higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority 
or any applicable laws or regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear 
France Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the 
bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, 
and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate 
has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears 
as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and 
procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, Euroclear France, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate; and capitalised terms have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term 
is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from 
time to time (the “Treaty”)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects 
(in either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into 
Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in 
the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such 
redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the 
“Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting 
the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the 
figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher 
than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, 
make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency, interest accrual 
basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such 
holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on

--- Page 45 ---
45 
the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest, the issue date, the issue price and the nominal amount), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. The 
specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option 
by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes may not 
be exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3. 
STATUS OF NOTES 
The principal and interest on the Notes are unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding, the 
Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will grant 
any mortgage, charge, lien (other than a lien arising by operation of law), pledge or other security 
interest (surêté réelle) (each a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part of their respective 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined 
below) unless any such operation falls within the definition of Permitted Security Interest (as defined 
below), unless the Issuer, before or at the same time, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that 
(i) its obligations under the Notes are secured equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness or 
(ii) such other Security Interest or other arrangement is provided as is approved by the Noteholders 
whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written Resolution in each case in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Adjusted EBITDA” means, in line with the definition of “EBITDA” used in the combined financial 
statements of the New Suez Perimeter for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, consolidated 
current operating income adjusted by adding back: 
(i) 
depreciation, amortisation and provisions; 
(ii) 
share-based payments (excluding cash compensation (performance unit plan and long term 
incentive plan)); and 
(iii) 
net disbursements under concession contracts; 
“Material Subsidiaries” means at any relevant time any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose (a) Adjusted 
EBITDA (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated accounts whose consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA) represents not less than twenty (20) per cent. of the consolidated Adjusted 
EBITDA of the Issuer, and/or (b) turnover (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated 
accounts whose consolidated turnover) represents not less than twenty (20) per cent. of the 
consolidated turnover of the Issuer, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts 
(or consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to 
the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided 
in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent as provided in 
Conditions 7(b) and 7(c) and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of 
Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or 
in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled 
as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer 
Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer 
Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised 
Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall

--- Page 47 ---
47 
have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of 
Noteholders and (y) to approve any Written Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or 
are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means a Security Interest granted by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, where such Relevant Indebtedness is incurred for 
the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is 
provided over or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness incurred for the 
purpose of (i) above, provided that the security is provided over or in respect of the same asset; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is 
represented by any notes, bonds, or debt securities which are for the time being, or capable of being, 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity of any 
such indebtedness; and 
“Subsidiary” means a subsidiary (filiale) within the meaning of Article L.233-1 of the French Code 
de commerce. 
5. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS  
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Master Agreement 
(as defined below) and in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series (“2021 ISDA Definitions”), have either been used or 
reproduced in this Condition 5: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, 
to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
if no recommendation required under (a) above has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be; or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a determined interest period in the same Specified Currency as 
the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions which would not allow its further use in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by 
such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, any other party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) and 
(c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, as the case may be, and, in 
each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 “Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real 
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) system or any successor 
thereto (the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”) and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day 
which is a TARGET Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency and/or one or more Business 
Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”) a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally 
in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified. 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is U.S. Dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers 
in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 — FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 — FBF shall mean the 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number 
of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
in each case where 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where:  
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 












360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 51 ---
51 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 












360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2


















360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2







--- Page 52 ---
52 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time”, “Relevant Currency” and “Relevant 
Screen Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical 
Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (“FBF”) 
(together the “FBF Master Agreement”), as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue 
Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period or the interest amount in relation to the RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) TARGET Business 
Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if any interest in respect of the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be 
either EURIBOR, CMS Rate or €STR (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first (1st) day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in 
each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions), with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, two 
(2) or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of 
the Issuer.  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on 
its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
II. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux Variable), 
“Floating Rate Determination Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and 
“Transaction” (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits in euro 
which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph “Floating Rate” specifies that the rate 
is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
 the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
IV. 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions; 
V. 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;  
VI. 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
VII. 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions for which 
purpose references to “Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last 
day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
VIII. if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, “Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no 
such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five 
(5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no

--- Page 57 ---
57 
such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five 
(5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), except as otherwise defined in such sub-
paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding 
with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed 
Payment”, “Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Floating Rate”, “Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, 
“Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate 
Option”, “Period End Date”, “Set in Advance” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the ISDA Definitions shall 
apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to 
“Relevant Rate” under the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the 
ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
III. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)I 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
or, if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)II applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
IV. 
if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)(III) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
V. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for CMS Rate 
or for the combination based on CMS Rate as set out in the formula below, 
relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in 
EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being 
Reuters page “ISDAFIX 2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11.00 
a.m. Frankfurt time, in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-
11:00 on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
or for CMS Rate combination formula: 
m × CMS Rate [specify maturity] [+/-/×] n × CMS Rate [specify maturity] 
Where each of “m” and “n” means the number specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the 
CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, 
the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice. 
VI. 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal 
to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on 
or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for 
the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest 
shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later 
date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (e): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the national central 
banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 
9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline 
at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the 
TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business 
Day;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling 
“p” TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day 
“i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but 
excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the immediately following TARGET Business in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET 
Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p”

--- Page 63 ---
63 
TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph “Reference Rate” specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the 
period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(D) 
Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, but not in respect of €STR, 
and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an independent expert. In the absence of bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b)  
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that: 
(i)  there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of Interest

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii)  there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c)  
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d)  
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and 
the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e)  
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by one 
authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(i)  confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable,

--- Page 65 ---
65 
any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments as determined by the Independent Adviser in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and 
(ii)  certifying that the Independent Adviser has confirmed that the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents shall make such certificate available at their 
respective offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all reasonable times during 
normal business hours.  
Each of Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, the Calculation Agent’s or the 
Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
(f)  
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the first Interest Period. For the sake of clarity, where, in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms, a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, and notwithstanding the fact that the Rate of Interest shall 
remain the one determined in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period as 
indicated above, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(f) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(f). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (a), (b), 
(c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(g)  
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser and ensure that the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original 
Reference Rate. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes  
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France, as 
calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis 
of: 
I. 
a fixed rate being the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms 
multiplied by the Index Inflation Ratio. 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is 
the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as 
the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). The IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first (1st) 
day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third (3rd) 
month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the 
first (1st) day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third (3rd) month 
preceding such month (M - 3) and the second (2nd) month preceding such 
month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-3 
 
+ 
 
 
x 
(CPI Monthly 
Reference IndexM-2 - 
CPI Monthly 
Reference IndexM-3) 
M
ND
D
1


--- Page 67 ---
67 
With: 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M – 3; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; and 
“
”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
The CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears 
on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on 
Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In 
the case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the 
procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations 
assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price 
index excluding tobacco for all households in France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced 
from time to time as provided herein. 
II. 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation 
issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire 
– www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled “Inflation Indexed 
Notes” (Obligations et autres instruments de taux d’intérêt en euro, Normes 
et usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur 
l’inflation). In the case of any conflict between the calculation method 
provided below and the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method 
provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio (as defined above). 
III. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
M
ND

--- Page 68 ---
68 
“indice de substitution”. Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day following 
its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-
1 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the 
two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on 
a different basis will be chained on the basis of the December CPI 
Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March 
of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance 
with the following equation: 
 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index (New Basis) = CPI Monthly Reference 
Index (Previous Basis) x Key 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, this Condition shall apply. Terms defined herein 
shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP 
(the “HICP Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis of: 
I. 
a fixed rate being the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms multiplied by the Index Inflation Ratio. 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the “Inflation Index Ratio” or 
“IIR” is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
13
-
M
12
1
1-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
x
basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI

Key

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date 
or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference 
defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the “Base Reference”). The IIR will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to 
the first (1st) day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the third (3rd) month preceding such month, and (B) in 
relation to a day (D) (other than the first (1st) day) in any given month 
(M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third (3rd) month preceding such month 
(M - 3) and the second (2nd) month preceding such month (M - 2) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
HICP 
Monthly 
Reference 
IndexM-3 
 
+ 
 
 
x 
(HICP Monthly 
Reference IndexM-2-
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-3) 
With: 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; and 
“NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31. 
The HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, 
on the website www.aft.gouv.fr and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index 
of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and 
published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a given month shall be 
final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such month 
will not be used in any calculations. 
II. 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal 
M
ND
1
D 

--- Page 70 ---
70 
to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms 
multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
III. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute 
HICP Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already 
been published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically 
be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from this 
date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis 
of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in 
the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-
1 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index = HICP Monthly Reference Index x 
Key 
(C) 
The U.S. Consumer Price Index (US CPI) 
The US CPI is the non-seasonally adjusted U.S. City Average All Items 
Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, reported monthly by the 
Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Labor Department (the “BLS”) and 
published on Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or any successor source. The 
US CPI for a particular month is published during the following month. The 
BLS is not involved in the offering of any Notes paying interest based on the 
13
-
M
12
1
1-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
x
basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP

Key

--- Page 71 ---
71 
US CPI in any way and has no obligation to consider any investor’s or 
potential investor’s interests as a holder or potential holder of any Notes 
paying interest based on the US CPI. The BLS has no obligation to continue 
to publish the US CPI, and may discontinue publication of the US CPI at any 
time in its sole discretion. The consequences of the BLS discontinuing 
publication of the US CPI are described below. None of the Issuer, Arranger, 
Dealers and Calculation Agent assumes any responsibility for the 
calculation, maintenance, or publication of the US CPI reported by the BLS 
and Bloomberg or any successor index, or the accuracy or completeness of 
any information BLS utilizes in calculating the US CPI or published on the 
Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or any successor source. 
The US CPI is a measure of the average change in consumer prices over time 
for a fixed market basket of goods and services, including food, clothing, 
shelter, fuels, transportation, charges for doctors' and dentists' services and 
drugs. In calculating the index, price changes for the various items are 
averaged together with weights that represent their importance in the 
spending of urban households in the United States. The contents of the 
market basket of goods and services and the weights assigned to the various 
items are updated periodically by the BLS to take into account changes in 
consumer expenditure patterns. The US CPI is expressed in relative terms in 
relation to a time base reference period for which the level is set at 100.0. 
The base reference period for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is 
the 1982-1984 average. 
All information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the US CPI, 
including, without limitation, its make-up and method of calculation, has 
been derived from publicly available information. The Issuer, Arranger, 
Dealers and Calculation Agent do not make any representation or warranty 
as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. 
Notes paying interest based on the US CPI will pay a rate per annum linked 
to the Change in the US CPI (i) plus, if applicable, an additional amount of 
interest (referred to as the “spread”) or (ii) multiplied by a number (referred 
to as the “multiplier”), as either may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; provided that, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the applicable Rate of Interest for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI 
will also be subject to a Minimum Rate of Interest equal to 0.00 per cent. per 
annum and possibly a Maximum Rate of Interest. The “Change in the US 
CPI” for a particular interval will be calculated as follows: 
 
where: 
“CPI(t)” for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a calendar 
month (the “reference month” which shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to the calendar month in which the applicable Determination 
Date falls; and 
“CPI(t-x)” for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a 
calendar month prior to the applicable reference month, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
If by 3:00 p.m. New York City time on any Determination Date the US CPI 
is not published on Bloomberg “CPURNSA” for any relevant month, but has 
otherwise been reported by the BLS, then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the US CPI as reported by the BLS for such month using such 
other source as, on its face, after consultation with the Issuer, appears to 
accurately set forth the US CPI as reported by the BLS. 
In calculating CPI(t) and CPI(t-x), the Calculation Agent will use the most 
recently available value of the US CPI determined as described above on the 
applicable Determination Date, even if such value has been adjusted from a 
previously reported value for the relevant month. However, if a value of 
CPI(t) or CPI(t-x) used by the Calculation Agent on any Determination Date 
to determine the interest rate on a Series of Notes is subsequently revised by 
the BLS, the interest rate for such Series of Notes determined on such 
Determination Date will not be revised. 
If the US CPI is rebased to a different year or period and the 1982-1984 US 
CPI is no longer used, the base reference period for Notes paying interest 
based on the US CPI will continue to be the 1982-1984 reference period as 
long as the 1982-1984 US CPI continues to be published by the BLS. 
If, while any Series of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is 
outstanding, the US CPI is discontinued or is substantially altered, as 
determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the successor index for such 
Series of Notes will be that index chosen by the Secretary of the Treasury to 
replace the US CPI for the purpose of calculating payments on the 
Department of the Treasury's Inflation-Linked Treasuries as described at 62 
Federal Register 846-874 (6 January 1997) or, if no such securities are 
outstanding, the successor index will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In addition, for the purposes of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI: 
“Determination Date” shall mean two (2) business days in New York 
immediately prior to the beginning of the applicable Interest Period, or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (but not more than twenty-eight (28) 
days prior to the beginning of the applicable Interest Period). 
“Interest Period” shall mean, in respect of any Series of Notes paying 
interest based on the US CPI, the period beginning on and including the Issue 
Date of such Series of Notes and ending on but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date, and each successive period beginning on and including an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date, or such other period as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the Interest Payment Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to

--- Page 73 ---
73 
the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal 
of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(g)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case 
of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, includes any applicable Margin) shall be deemed to be 0.00 per cent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Early Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt 
of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, 
or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall be (in the absence of manifest error) final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is 
unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another 
Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
Luxembourg office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 15. 
(k) 
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of 
Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall be (in the absence of manifest error and after 
confirmation by the Issuer) final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and 
to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening

--- Page 75 ---
75 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per 
Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period 
or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount, except for Zero Coupon Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (the “Optional Redemption Date”). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued 
(except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) to the date fixed for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor 
more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) have the option to redeem 
the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to (i) their Maturity Date or (ii) 
if a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the Optional Redemption 
Date is no earlier than 3 months prior to the Maturity Date, the first day on which the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes pursuant to the Call Option (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”), at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below).  
“Make-Whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 6(c) an amount, calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(ii) 
the sum (rounding the resulting figure, if necessary, to the nearest cent (half a cent being 
rounded upwards)) of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption 
Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms),  
plus in each case (i) or (ii) above, any interest accrued on the Notes (except with respect to Zero 
Coupon Notes) to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Redemption Rate” means:  
(i) 
if “Reference Dealer Quotation” is specified as the method of determination of the 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers to the Make-Whole Calculation Agent of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) of the Reference 
Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day preceding 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (“CET”)) 
(“Reference Dealer Quotation”); or  
(ii) 
if “Reference Screen Rate” is specified as the method of determination of the Redemption 
Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security 
(rounded to the nearest 0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) displayed on the Reference 
Screen Rate as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or, if the Reference Screen 
Rate is not available, the relevant Reference Dealer Quotation.  
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-
Whole Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third (3rd) business day preceding the Make-
Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and 
notified in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c) shall be deemed void and of no effect 
in relation to any Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the relevant 
Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to such Note in accordance with 
Condition 6(e) below.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(d) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-Up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (including any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 
14) have been redeemed or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders, redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) at its Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with interest accrued (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) to the date fixed for 
redemption including, where applicable, any arrears of interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a 
duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from any Paying 
Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall 
have attached to it such Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paris Paying Agent 
specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited 
or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(f) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as the Index applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Change in the US CPI, but where for these purposes the reference to CPI 
Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted to be the date falling two (2) Business Days prior to 
the Maturity Date, and the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be interpreted to be 
the date falling two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed 
at par.  
(g) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(d), 6(h) or Condition 6(l) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(d), 6(h) 
or Condition 6(l) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is 
not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined in sub-paragraph 
(B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless 
the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 
5(d). Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it 
shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(g)(ii) shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
“Early Redemption Amount” = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as 
the index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on 
the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Change in the US CPI, but where for these purposes, 
the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted to be the date 
falling five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for redemption, and the reference 
to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be interpreted to be the date falling two 
(2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(g)(ii) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of 
Condition 5(c)(iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth (5th) business day prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date.  
(iii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or 
Condition 6(l), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(h) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, 
French law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer, would on the occasion of the 
next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay Additional Amounts as specified and defined under 
Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-
five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) provided that the due date 
for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay Additional Amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less 
than seven (7) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest) on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, 
Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable 
laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the 
relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes. 
(j) 
Partial Redemption: In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice 
to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may

--- Page 80 ---
80 
be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled 
or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French law 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(m) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if a Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer 
to redeem, or procure purchase for, all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Put Date 
(as defined below) at their principal amount together with interest accrued up to but excluding such 
date of redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change of Control”) shall 
operate as set out below. 
(A) 
A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
Any person or group of persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such person(s) (other than Meridiam Sustainable Water and Waste Fund, 
GIP Highbury SAS, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, Infra-Invest France or any 
of their respective Affiliates or Related Funds) (the “Relevant Persons”) acquires 
directly or indirectly more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total voting rights or of the 
issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer (or any successor entity) (a “Change of 
Control”); and 
(ii) 
on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 
(the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the first 
public announcement of the Change of Control; and (y) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement, either the Notes or the senior 
unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer carries from any Rating Agency:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(x) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is, within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1, or equivalent, or 
worse) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating 
Agency; or 
(y) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1, or equivalent, or worse), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one 
notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. 
any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or (y) above 
shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of 
Control if such Rating Agency does not publicly announce or confirm that 
such decision was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance 
comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change 
of Control; and 
2. 
if at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control neither the Notes nor 
the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer is rated by a Rating Agency, 
and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control Period an 
investment grade rating to the Notes, a Put Event will be deemed to have 
occurred. 
(B) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising 
the option contained in this Condition. 
(C) 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes to be so 
redeemed or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly 
completed redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), 
in which such Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this paragraph, within the period (the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) days after a Put Event 
Notice is given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the 
occurrence of a Put Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Put Event 
Notice to the Noteholders by close of business of the third (3rd) Business Day after the receipt 
of such notice from the Noteholder, in which case the Put Period will start from such third 
(3rd) Business Day and will end on the day falling forty-five (45) days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem, or 
procure purchase for, the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of Control 
has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the Notes, on the 
date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Put Date”).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account specified in the 
Change of Control Put Notice. 
(D) 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company 
of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company; 
“Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations” means LA CAISSE DES DEPOTS ET 
CONSIGNATIONS, a special institution created by the law of 28 April 1816, codified in 
Articles L. 518-2 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, whose registered office is 
located 56 rue de Lille, 75007 Paris, France; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date, and ending one hundred eighty (180) days (inclusive) after the occurrence of the relevant 
Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes or the senior unsecured long-
term debt of the Issuer are under consideration (such consideration having been announced 
publicly within the period ending one hundred twenty (120) days after the occurrence of the 
relevant Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, for rating by, a Rating 
Agency, such period not to exceed sixty (60) days after the public announcement of such 
consideration); 
“Infra-Invest France” means Infra-Invest France, a French société par actions simplifiée à 
associé unique et capital variable registered with the Commercial and Companies Register of 
Paris under number 821 429 594 with a registered office located at 4 Place Raoul Dautry, 
75015 Paris, France; 
“GIP Highbury SAS” means GIP Highbury SAS, a French société par actions simplifiée 
registered with the Commercial and Companies Register of Paris under number 904 842 531 
with a registered office located at 3 boulevard de Sébastopol, 75001 Paris, France;  
“Holding Company” means, in relation to a company or corporation, any other company or 
corporation in respect of which it is a Subsidiary; 
“Meridiam Sustainable Water and Waste Fund” means Meridiam Sustainable Water and 
Waste Fund, a French société de libre partenariat registered with the Commercial and 
Companies Register of Paris under number 900 669 698 with a registered office located at 4 
Place de l’Opéra, 75002 Paris, France;  
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: Moody’s France SAS, any other rating agency 
of equivalent international standing requested from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating 
to the Issuer and/or the Notes and in each case, any of their respective successors to the rating 
business thereof;  
“Related Fund” in relation to a fund (the “first fund”), means a fund which is managed or 
advised by the same investment manager or investment adviser as the first fund or, if it is 
managed by a different investment manager or investment adviser, a fund whose investment 
manager or investment adviser is an Affiliate of the investment manager or investment adviser 
of the first fund; and 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement 
or statement by the Issuer or any Relevant Person relating to any potential Change of Control.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
7. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to 
the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered 
form) to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated 
by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. No payments in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall 
be made by transfer to an account in, or mailed to an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by U.S. law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Agency 
Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents 
of each Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents 
having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(e) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where 
applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest 
corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within 
a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears 
of interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, 
where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a 
TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent or Euro Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in 
these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is 
otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such 
unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to 
satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on 
giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30)-days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior 
to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars or (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) in Euro on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (or the 
Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of the 
relevant principal or interest in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar (or 
Euro) account of the relevant account holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) shall 
by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“Euro Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into Euros using the RMB Spot 
Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City (in the case of payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent) or Paris (in the 
case of payment of the Euro Equivalent). 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, or as the case may be, the spot CNY/EUR 
exchange rate for the purchase of Euros with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar or as the case 
may be CNY/EUR official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by 
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen 
Page CNY=SAEC. If no CNY/EUR official fixing rate is available on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC on the RMB Rate Calculation Date, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the 
RMB Spot Rate as soon as possible using the latest available CNY/U.S. dollar fixing rate and then the 
latest U.S. dollar/EUR official fixing rate available on a Reuters Screen Page selected by the RMB 
Rate Calculation Agent. 
Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor 
Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the 
purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the Issuer, will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of 
the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in respect of Materialised 
Notes, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
All payments in respect of the Notes or Coupons will be made subject to any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), to the extent 
applicable. Should a withholding or deduction be required pursuant to FATCA, the Issuer will not be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of arrears 
of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(g)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if 
earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in 
these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and 
all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any 
Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Any Noteholder may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent and unless all defaults shall have been remedied, that all the Notes 
held by such Noteholder become immediately due and payable, whereupon such Notes shall become

--- Page 88 ---
88 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount, plus accrued interest without any other 
formality, if any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs: 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note (including 
the payment of any Additional Amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under 
“Taxation” above) and such default shall not have been cured within fifteen (15) days; or 
(ii) 
there is a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes, 
and such default shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Fiscal 
Agent of written notice of default given to the Fiscal Agent by the Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) shall fail to make one or more payments 
when due or within any applicable grace period on any indebtedness for money borrowed or 
guarantee of the indebtedness for money borrowed of another party in an aggregate principal 
amount of at least Euro 100,000,000 (or, in each case, the equivalent in another currency) 
and (ii) (other than where the due date for such defaulted payment is the stated maturity) 
such indebtedness shall have been accelerated; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject to a judgment rendered for its judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole or part of the business 
(cession totale ou partielle de l’entreprise); or 
(v) 
any Material Subsidiary of the Issuer not established in France is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent or ceases payment or is found unable to pay its debts or any order is 
made by any competent court or administrative agency for, or a resolution is passed by it for, 
judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or 
trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to it or any event occurs 
which under the law of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous or equivalent effect; or 
(vi) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries sells or otherwise disposes of all or 
substantially all of its assets or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole of its 
business or substantially the whole of its business or an order is made or an effective 
resolution passed for its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, unless such winding-up, 
dissolution, liquidation, cessation or disposal is made in connection with a merger, 
consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or other form of combination (a 
“Restructuring”) with or to, any other corporation and (i) in the case of the Issuer, the 
liabilities under the Notes are transferred to and assumed by such other corporation and the 
credit rating assigned by any Rating Agency to the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the surviving entity of such Restructuring following such Restructuring is 
not less than the credit rating assigned by any such credit rating agency to the long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer immediately prior to the effective 
date of such Restructuring, or (ii) in the case of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, the 
undertaking and assets of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries;  
(vii) 
any payment, repayment, prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, retirement or 
discharge, in each case in cash, by Sonate TopCo (as defined in subsection 5 “Major 
shareholders” of section “Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus) of any amount 
of principal, interest (including compounded or capitalised interest), fee, charge or other 
amount outstanding under or in respect of any Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt is made at a 
time when (i) an Event of Default under this Condition 9 has occurred and is continuing or 
(ii) to the extent the Issuer is rated by a Rating Agency, the ratio of Consolidated Net Debt 
to Consolidated EBITDA as at the most recent Half Year Date prior to such payment for

--- Page 89 ---
89 
which consolidated financial statements have been published by the Issuer is equal to or 
greater than 4.25:1; or 
(viii) 
the terms of any Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt which is outstanding do not for any reason 
include each of the Key Provisions; or  
(ix) 
the terms and conditions of any Sonate TopCo ORAs which are outstanding do not for any 
reason include each of the Mandatory Conversion Provisions; or  
(x) 
a party to the Sonate TopCo Undertaking Agreement does not comply with any material 
provision of the Sonate TopCo Undertaking Agreement or any amendment (other than of a 
non-material, technical or administrative nature) is made to the Sonate TopCo Undertaking 
Agreement or the Undertaking Agreement is terminated, rescinded or revoked by a party 
thereto, 
provided that no Event of Default under paragraphs (vii) to (x) above will occur if: 
(a) 
the relevant event or circumstance has been remedied within 60 days of the Issuer 
becoming aware of the relevant event or circumstance;  
(b) 
in respect of paragraph (vii) above, the relevant payment or other transaction referred 
to therein (x) is made to fund a Permitted Payment, (y) is funded directly or indirectly 
out of the proceeds received by Sonate TopCo from the subscription for new ordinary 
shares of Sonate TopCo or (z) is made by way of incorporation de créances au 
capital of Sonate TopCo or by way of conversion into shares of Sonate TopCo, in 
either case of the relevant part of the Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt; or 
(c) 
the Noteholders have given consent (through a General Meeting or a Written 
Resolution) in accordance with the provisions of Condition 11 to (A) the terms of 
the relevant Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt not including each of the Key 
Provisions and/or (B) the terms of the Sonate TopCo ORAs not including each of 
the Mandatory Conversion Provisions. 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (i) of the occurrence 
of any Shareholder Debt Modification and set out the details thereof or (ii) if a party to the Undertaking 
Agreement does not comply with any material provision of the Undertaking Agreement or any 
amendment (other than of a non-material, technical or administrative nature) is made to the 
Undertaking Agreement or the Undertaking Agreement is terminated, rescinded or revoked by a party 
thereto, unless the Undertaking Agreement is amended or replaced following an amendment of the 
Conditions approved by the Noteholders (through a General Meeting or a Written Resolution) in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 11. 
For the purpose of this Condition 9:  
“Affiliate” means in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that 
person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company. 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means the EBITDA shown in the latest publicly available annual or semi-
annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
“Consolidated Net Debt” means the net debt shown in the latest publicly available annual or semi-
annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and assuming leases are accounted for on an 
IFRS 16 basis.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
“Convertible Shareholder Loan (Employee Share Scheme)” means any Financial Indebtedness 
owing by Sonate TopCo to any of its direct or indirect shareholders in an aggregate amount not 
exceeding €50,000,000 which is extended to Sonate TopCo to facilitate employee share scheme to be 
established by the Issuer after 31 January 2022 and which shall be converted into shares in Sonate 
TopCo and/or Sonate TopCo ORAs following the establishment of the employee share scheme.  
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a)  
moneys borrowed; 
(b)  
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c)  
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d)  
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in France, including IFRS 
(“GAAP”), be treated as a balance sheet liability (other than any liability in respect of a lease 
or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP in force prior to 1 January 
2019, have been treated as an operating lease); 
(e)  
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
(f)  
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) of a type not referred to in any other paragraph of this definition having the 
commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(g)  
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from 
fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, 
only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination 
or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount) shall be taken into account); 
(h)  
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; 
and 
(i)  
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h) above.  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time but excluding each Ring-Fenced 
Subsidiary. 
“Half Year Date” means 30 June and 31 December. 
“Holding Company” means, in relation to a company or corporation, any other company or 
corporation in respect of which it is a Subsidiary. 
“Key Provisions” means, in respect of the terms and conditions of any Sonate TopCo Shareholder 
Debt, provisions which in substance state or provide as follows (which in the case of (e) and/or (f) 
below, shall be deemed to include any such provisions as may be set out in any agreement between 
the direct and indirect shareholders of Sonate TopCo):

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(a)  Sonate TopCo’s payment obligations in cash with respect to principal and interest on such 
Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt shall be subordinated and junior in right of payment to any 
other Financial Indebtedness, present or future, owed by Sonate TopCo to any third party in 
accordance with the legal regime of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce;  
(b)  no covenants, events of default, acceleration rights, rights to declare a default or event of default 
are included; 
(c)  no put options or mandatory early redemption or prepayment events are included which in each 
case would be enforceable by the creditors of such Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt other than 
any such provisions which are not enforceable at any time prior to the Termination Date or 
where the relevant obligation may be satisfied by the issue of ordinary shares in the capital of 
Sonate TopCo; 
(d)  no Security may be granted by any member of the Group in respect of such Sonate TopCo 
Shareholder Debt;  
(e)  any right or obligation of Sonate TopCo to make any payment in cash of any amount of principal 
or interest under or in respect of such Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt (including any call option 
in respect of such Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt which may be settled in cash) shall be subject 
to such payment not constituting an Event of Default under Condition 9 (vii), (viii), (ix) or (x); 
and 
(f)  the scheduled maturity date of such Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt shall be no earlier than 31 
December 2056; and that Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt is to be stapled to the shares in Sonate 
TopCo and cannot be transferred without a pro-rata transfer (by way of purchase, subscription 
or conversion/redemption of Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt acquired into shares) by the 
transferee of shares in Sonate TopCo (other than where Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt is 
transferred to an Affiliate of the transferor or is transferred to any shareholder in Sonate TopCo). 
“Mandatory Conversion Provisions” means, in respect of the Sonate TopCo ORAs, provisions 
which in substance provide or state that Sonate TopCo shall immediately redeem all (and not part 
only) of the outstanding Sonate TopCo ORAs in ordinary shares of Sonate TopCo upon the occurrence 
of any of the following events: 
(a)  
a SonateTopCo/Issuer Insolvency Event; 
(b)  
creditors of any Relevant Financial Indebtedness exercise their rights in respect of such Relevant 
Financial Indebtedness to accelerate and declare such Relevant Financial Indebtedness 
immediately due and payable; 
(c)  
any breach, termination or revocation of or material amendments to the subordination provisions 
applicable to the Sonate TopCo ORA; or 
(d)  
any breach of the Undertaking Agreement (other than of a non-material, technical or 
administrative nature) which, to the extent it is capable of remedy, has not been remedied within 
60 days of the occurrence of the same. 
“Permitted Payment” means: 
(a)  
the payment to Sonate TopCo or to the order of any of the shareholders (direct or indirect) of 
the Issuer of the following items or any payment by the Issuer to fund such a payment by 
Sonate TopCo:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(i)  
any administration costs, directors’ and employees remuneration, Taxes, professional 
or legal fees, regulatory costs, insurance costs and other operating and corporate 
overhead costs and expenses (including any costs required to maintain its existence) 
reasonably incurred by Sonate TopCo or any other shareholder (direct or indirect) of the 
Issuer to the extent referable to acting as a Holding Company of the Group (or in 
managing the Group) or being a shareholder of the Group; 
(ii)  
any management fees, ad hoc advisory fees, or other fees or expenses to any shareholder 
(direct or indirect) of the Issuer (or to any advisor to any such shareholder) for corporate 
finance, investment, M&A or other transaction advice provided to Sonate TopCo and/or 
the Group on bona fide arm’s length terms so long as the aggregate of all such payments 
does not exceed €10,000,000 in any financial year of the Issuer; 
(iii)  any corporate income Tax amount due by Sonate TopCo in its capacity as parent of a 
French tax consolidated group up to the amount of the corporate income tax the Issuer 
would have paid to the French tax authorities had it not been part of such French tax 
consolidated group; 
(iv)  repayment of an amount up to the amount received from any of the shareholders (direct 
or indirect) of the Issuer on account of any additional equity contribution provided by 
such shareholders, in respect of any tax payable by Sonate TopCo or the Issuer to the 
extent that Sonate TopCo or the Issuer subsequently obtains a refund or reimbursement 
from any person in respect of such tax; and 
(v)  
any proceeds received by the Issuer from the issuance of shares by the Issuer to 
management and employees pursuant to an employee share scheme established by the 
Issuer after 31 January 2022; 
(b)  
the redemption, repurchase, defeasance, retirement or repayment of any of the Issuer’s or 
Sonate TopCo’s share capital (including the repurchase of shares) held by departing 
management and departing employees or any payment by the Issuer or Sonate TopCo to fund 
such a payment by any of the Issuer’s Holding Companies. 
“Relevant Financial Indebtedness” means any Financial Indebtedness of Sonate TopCo or the Issuer 
the outstanding principal amount of which exceeds €100,000,000 (or equivalent).  
“Ring-Fenced Subsidiary” means a limited liability special purpose vehicle which is a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer incorporated or acquired in connection with the acquisition, construction and/or operation 
of an asset, business or undertaking provided that no guarantee, security or other recourse is given by 
a member of the Group in relation to any Financial Indebtedness incurred by that Subsidiary in 
connection with the financing of the acquisition and/or construction, and/or operation of the asset, 
business or undertaking and any other Financial Indebtedness required in relation to that asset, business 
or undertaking except limited recourse, third party security over the shares of that Subsidiary and rights 
under any shareholder loans made to that Subsidiary by other members of the Group. 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation 
of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Shareholder Debt Modification” means any amendment, novation, supplement, extension, increase 
or replacement to or of the terms relating to any existing Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt which would 
(i) have the effect that each of the Key Provisions would not be included or continue to be included in 
the terms relating to such Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt or any replacement thereof and (ii) for so 
long as any of the Sonate TopCo ORAs are outstanding, have the effect that the terms and conditions

--- Page 93 ---
93 
of the Sonate TopCo ORAs would not include or continue to include each of the Mandatory 
Conversion Provisions. 
“Sonate TopCo/Issuer Insolvency Event” means: 
(a)  
any proceedings for sauvegarde or sauvegarde accélérée, redressement judiciaire or liquidation 
judiciaire are opened in respect of Sonate TopCo or the Issuer;  
(b)  
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, provisional 
administrator, mandataire ad hoc, conciliateur or other similar officer in respect of Sonate 
TopCo or the Issuer or any of their respective assets; 
(c)  
Sonate TopCo or the Issuer applies for mandat ad hoc or conciliation in accordance with 
Articles L.611-3 to L.611-15 of the French Code de commerce; or 
(d)  
any procedure, judgment or step is taken in any jurisdiction which has effects similar to those 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above,  
provided that paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall not apply to: 
(i)  
any redressement judiciaire or liquidation judiciaire petition which is frivolous or 
vexatious or is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 60 days of commencement; 
(ii)  
any such action, legal proceedings or step over or relating to assets the aggregate value 
of which does not exceed €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies). 
“Sonate TopCo ORAs” means any bonds which are mandatorily redeemable in ordinary shares of 
Sonate TopCo issued or to be issued by Sonate TopCo from time to time to its direct or indirect 
shareholders or any Affiliates of such shareholders (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any member 
of the Group). 
“Sonate TopCo Shareholder Debt” means any Financial Indebtedness owing by Sonate TopCo to 
any of its direct or indirect shareholders or any Affiliates of such shareholders (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any member of the Group), including (without limitation) under any Sonate 
TopCo ORAs but excluding any Convertible Shareholder Loan (Employee Share Scheme). 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company, another company which is controlled by it within 
the meaning of Article L.233-3 I of the French Code de commerce. 
“Tax” means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including 
any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the 
same).  
“Termination Date” means: 
(a)  
in relation to Bridge Loan (as defined in subsection 7 “Material Contracts” of section 
“Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus), 31 January 2023, 30 July 2023 or 31 
January 2024, as the case may be; 
(b)  
in relation to Term Loan (as defined in subsection 7 “Material Contracts” of section 
“Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus), 31 January 2025, 31 January 2026 or 31 
January 2027, as the case may be;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(c)  
in relation to Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in subsection 7 “Material Contracts” of 
section “Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus), 31 January 2027, 31 January 2028 
or 31 January 2029, as the case may be. 
“Undertaking Agreement” means the undertaking agreement entered into by Sonate TopCo and the 
holders of €2,100,000,001 in aggregate nominal amount of 2.44 per cent. ORAs due 2057 issued by 
Sonate TopCo on 28 January 2022 in order to provide that there shall be no amendment to the terms 
and conditions of the Sonate TopCo ORAs (except any amendments of a non-material, technical or 
administrative nature) without the consent of the senior creditors of the Issuer (including the 
Noteholders) and Sonate TopCo and that the terms and conditions of any new Sonate TopCo ORAs to 
be issued shall be substantially in the form of the terms and conditions of existing Sonate TopCo 
ORAs. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
11. 
MEETING AND VOTING PROVISIONS 
(i) 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all 
Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise 
requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in 
respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of 
the Series in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and 
to the holders of those Notes (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), 
respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 4 above; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraph (iv) 
below passed (x) at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting 
rules described in paragraph (iv) below or (y) by a Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (vi) (A) below; and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than seventy-five (75) per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written Resolution include, unless the 
context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(ii) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(a) 
the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and 
acting in part through a representative of the noteholders (représentant de la masse) 
and through general meetings; however, 
(b) 
Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L. 228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-
61 (with the exception of the first paragraph thereof), L. 228-65 (with the exception 
of Article L. 228-65 I 1°, Article L. 228-65 I 3° and the second sentence of Article L. 
228-65 II), L. 228-66, L. 228-67, L. 228-68, L. 228-69, L. 228-71 (with the exception 
of the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph thereof), L. 
228-72, L. 228-73 (with the exception of the third paragraph thereof), L. 228-76, L. 
228-88, R.228-61, R. 228-65, R. 228-66, R. 228-67, R. 228-68, R. 228-69, R. 228-70, 
R. 228-71, R. 228-72, R. 228-73, R. 228-74, R. 228-75, R. 228-76, R. 228-79 and R. 
236-11 of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders 
shall apply to the General Meetings, provided however that whenever the words “de 
la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, “d’une masse”, 
“et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, 
“de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée” 
or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in those provisions, they shall be deemed 
to be deleted, and subject to the following provisions of this Condition 11. 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If 
such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Nanterre 
to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting. Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such 
Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of 
claim in the name of all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or 
judicial liquidation of the Issuer. Failing such appointment of a nominee, the judicial 
representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the request of any 
Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file the 
proof of Noteholders’ claim.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(iv) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the 
Issuer for the defence of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the 
authorisation of the General Meeting.  
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of 
the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights 
in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, 
that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor 
establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes into 
shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
general assembly. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in Condition 15. 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of their member to be 
chairman (the “Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such 
General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the 
Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest 
number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the 
Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same 
person as the Chairman of the original meeting from which the adjournment took place.  
(vi) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect 
of any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu 
of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from the 
Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French 
Code de commerce approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by 
way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
(“Electronic Consent”).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less 
than 15 days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution 
(the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied 
with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of 
such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of 
their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(vii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, 
shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and 
whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have 
participated in such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be 
bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(viii) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting and Written Resolution Date, to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
(ix) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and 
seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated 
that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(x) 
Exclusion of the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 3° of the French Code de 
commerce in certain circumstances 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a 
prior approval of the Noteholders in relation to any change in the Issuer’s corporate purpose 
or status, shall not apply to the Notes. 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce, providing for a 
prior approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer 
in the cases referred to in Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce, 
shall not apply to the Notes. 
12. 
FINAL TERMS 
These Conditions will be completed in relation to each Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to such Series.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents 
from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry 
rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for the issue date, issue price and first 
payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and references in 
these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval of the 
Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the 
Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate 
the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not 
originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have 
been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to 
be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe, or (c) in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so 
long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or other stock exchange 
and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or 
Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or 
(b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so 
require in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation (i) in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market(s) or other stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located 
and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 15. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to the operations of which the Notes are 
admitted in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15(a), (b) 
and (c) above; except that so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, 
notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where 
the Regulated Market or other stock exchange on which such Note(s) is/are listed and admitted to 
trading is located. The Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon notifications made by Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are 
admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable to anyone for such reliance.  
(e) 
Notices given pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and 
on the website of the Issuer (www.suez.com). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 15(a), (b), (c) 
and (d) shall not apply to such notices. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with the 
Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court located in Nanterre.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free 
of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(1) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Selling 
Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(2) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements in, or 
substantially in, the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day next succeeding the day that 
is forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are 
issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate 
shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes (including 
refinancing of the existing financial debt of the Issuer, as the case may be) or (ii) in the case of “Green Bonds”, 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, existing or future Eligible Green Projects, as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms and described in the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended and supplemented from time to 
time) (the “Green Bond Framework”) available on the Green bond section of the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-english/finance/suez-
greenbondframework-en-2022.pdf?open=true). If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above), this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
In relation to “Green Bonds”, the Green Bond Framework is aligned with the four core components of the 
2021 Green Bond Principles voluntary guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association 
(the “GBP”): (i) use of proceeds, (ii) process for project selection, (iii) management of proceeds and (iv) 
reporting. It may be further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and in 
the Issuer’s activities. The Green Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Green Projects (the “Eligible 
Green Project Categories”) which have been identified by the Issuer and any other category of Eligible Green 
Projects that the Issuer might elect to create in the future (each as defined in the Green Bond Framework) 
which meet a set of Definitions and Technical Eligibility Criteria (as defined in the Green Bond Framework) 
(the “Eligible Green Projects”). 
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on 
the Green Bond Framework, assessing the green sustainability of the Green Bond Framework and its alignment 
with the GBP. This Second Party Opinion document is available, and any further second party opinions which 
may be rendered in respect of the issue of Notes within the Green Bond Framework will be available, on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-english/finance/suez-
greenbondframework-secondpartyopinion-en-2022.pdf?open=true). 
Until an amount equal to the net proceeds are allocated in full to Eligible Green Projects and later in the case 
of any material change in the list of Eligible Green Projects, one of the external auditors of the Issuer, is 
expected to issue a report on (i) the compliance of projects financed by Green Bonds with Definitions and 
Technical Eligibility Criteria defined in the Green Bond Framework, (ii) allocated amount related to the 
Eligible Green Projects financed by the Green Bonds proceeds; and (iii) the management of proceeds and 
unallocated proceeds amount.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
1 
Information about the Issuer 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is “Suez”.  
Place of registration, registration number and legal entity identifier (‘LEI’) of the Issuer 
The Issuer is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under number 901 644 989. 
LEI of the Issuer: 5493007LKZ37MXEN5D79. 
Date of incorporation and term of the Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 July 2021 for a term of 99 years, i.e., until 21 July 2120, unless it is dissolved 
early or extended by decision of the shareholders pursuant to law and the articles of association. 
The financial year begins on 1 January and closes on 31 December of each year. 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which it operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office and website  
The registered office of the Issuer is located at 16 Place de l’Iris (Tour CB21), 92400 Courbevoie, France. The 
telephone number of the registered office is +33 1 58 81 20 00. 
The Issuer is a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France. 
The address of the Issuer’s website is: www.suez.com. The information on such website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
History and development 
1869:  
The trade revolution: as soon as the SUEZ canal opens, it revolutionizes world trade. This 
marks the beginning of the Group’s industrial success and the birth of its name, a synonym 
of audacity, ambition and innovation. 
1880:  
The hygiene and public health revolution: the industrial revolution leads to rapid 
development of cities. To protect people’s hygiene and health, water and sanitation networks 
are built over great distances, providing access to drinking water and wastewater treatment. 
A modern waste collection system is also invented. 
1945:  
The urban comfort revolution: after the Second World War, as big cities and suburbs grow, 
inhabitants’ needs increase, calling for a constant supply of clean water to meet growing 
requirements, and collection and treatment of increasing waste quantities. 
1990 – Today: 
At the dawn of the 21st century, a new chapter begins at the Rio Earth Summit. World leaders 
make the protection of the earth a priority. In an exponentially growing world, cities and 
industries are seeking new solutions to face resource scarcity and climate change. In 2022, 
driven by a passion for the environment, the c. 35,000 employees of the Group on all five 
continents are committed to inventing radical new solutions to preserve and restore the 
fundamental elements of the environment: water, soil and air.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
May 2021: 
On 14 May 2021, Veolia and SUEZ (a French société anonyme registered with the Nanterre 
Trade and Companies Register under number 433 466 570) (“Former SUEZ”) entered into 
a merger agreement between themselves (the “Merger Agreement”) and the Consortium 
Memorandum of Understanding with Meridiam Sustainable Water and Waste Fund, GIP 
Highbury SAS, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations and Infra-Invest France (together, the 
“Consortium”) for the acquisition of part of the activities of Former SUEZ. 
June 2021:  
On 29 June 2021, the Consortium submitted a binding contractual commitment to purchase 
certain entities controlled by, assets held by, and direct and indirect liabilities of, the Former 
SUEZ (the “New Suez Perimeter”) which was approved by the Boards of Directors of 
Former SUEZ and Veolia (the “Put Option Agreement”). 
The activities included in the scope of such New Suez Perimeter are : 
 
Municipal water (Eau France) and solid waste (R&V France) in France (including 
the main research centre in France: CIRSEE); 
 
Former SUEZ’s activities, particularly in water and in the following geographies: 
Italy (including the shares held in Acea), Czech Republic, Africa (including 
Morocco), Central Asia, India, China, Australia, and the global digital and 
environmental activities (SES); 
 
Two hazardous waste incinerators in mainland China: Shanghai Industrial Park and 
Suzhou Industrial Park. 
October 2021:  
On 21 October 2021, the purchase agreement for the acquisition of the New Suez Perimeter 
was signed by the Board of Directors of Former SUEZ (in accordance with the Put Option 
Agreement) (the “Purchase Agreement”). 
November 2021:  Mrs. Sabrina Soussan was appointed as future CEO of the Issuer. 
End 2021 - mid-January 2022: Approval granted by the competition authorities (Europe, United Kingdom, 
Australia) to Veolia regarding anti-trust proceedings in the context of the acquisition of the 
New Suez Perimeter.  
January 2022:  
On 18 January 2022, Veolia takeover bid is closed and final phase of transfer of the New 
Suez Perimeter to the Issuer began. 
On 31 January 2022, the acquisition by the Consortium of the New Suez Perimeter, in 
accordance with the Merger Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, is completed. 
Mrs. Sabrina Soussan takes up her position as the CEO of the Issuer. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer 
The long-term senior unsecured debt and the short-term senior unsecured debt of the Issuer are currently rated 
Baa2 with stable outlook and Prime 2 respectively by Moody’s.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
2 
Business overview1  
With total revenues of €7.5 billion and 34,126 employees as of 31 December 2021 of the New Suez Perimeter, 
the Group is one of the main players in the global environment market. 
The Issuer is supporting the environmental transition of a market which has fully taken on board the scarcity 
of resources and the need to combat climate change, while simultaneously adapting to the consequences this 
change has already brought about. The Group, which focuses on a circular–economy model, is present 
throughout the water management and waste–recovery value chain: from the construction and the operation of 
water networks and infrastructure, to collection, sorting and recycling, and even the production of renewable 
energy, new materials and the provision of digital services. 
Europe is the Group’s historical development area. Thanks to this foothold in Europe, particularly in France, 
the Group is able to leverage its know-how and skills and adapt them to other continents. 
 
The Group benefits from an extensive network of subsidiaries and branches.  
In 2021, the New Suez Perimeter generated revenues of €7.5 billion. Revenues per business activity break 
down as follows: 
 
Europe, representing 81% of the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues in 2021: €6,108 million; 
 
Africa, Middle East & Central Asia, representing 12% of the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated 
revenues in 2021: €898 million; 
 
Asia Pacific & Oceania, representing 6% of the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues in 2021: 
€447 million; 
 
Americas, representing 1% of the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues in 2021: €81 million. 
                                                     
1  Financial information provided in this section for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 is based on the Combined financial statements of the 
New Suez Perimeter for the year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
2.1 
Water France 
In 2021, Water France generated consolidated revenues of €2.1 billion and employed 9,905 people. 
Specific features of the sector 
In France, 4 billion cubic meters of drinking water are invoiced annually to consumers connected to public 
water systems. Between 2006 and 2016, the volumes of water invoiced decreased by 11%, a drop of almost 
500 million cubic meters. Water consumption is currently relatively stable from one year to the next. 
Regarding wastewater, 3.1 billion cubic meters were used as the basis for invoicing wastewater services in 
2017. Water companies distribute nearly two-thirds of the volumes of drinking water in France (64% in 2017) 
and collect over half of the wastewater (53% in 2017) (Source: BIPE/FP2e study, 2019).  
Description of activities 
The Group operates in France with public authorities and partly state-owned companies, through its subsidiary 
SUEZ Eau France and its subsidiaries. SUEZ Eau France has been involved in the water-related service sector 
in France since its creation in 1880, and its mission is to support local authorities and regions in the 
development of major water and wastewater infrastructures and, at the same time, in improving the comfort 
and living environment of the population. 
The Water business in France is currently characterized by an offer covering the entire water cycle, from the 
production and distribution of drinking water to the storage and treatment of wastewater, including the 
management of rainwater, the protection of natural environments and the preservation of biodiversity, as well 
as the production of renewable energy using the sludge from wastewater treatment. In addition, the company 
manages customer relations. 
Water France structures its commercial activities along three lines: construction (drinking water and 
wastewater plants), services (operation of water and wastewater services and treatment plants) and advanced 
solutions, which include digital services and diversification. 
In 2021, Water France operated over 702 drinking water production sites and delivered over 893 million cubic 
meters of drinking water to the network. 
In 2021, Water France operated 1,705 treatment plants, which treated nearly 1,008 million cubic meters of 
wastewater. 
2.2 
Recycling & Recovery France 
In 2021, R&R France’s contribution to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenue amounted to €3.4 
billion. At 31 December 2021, R&R France employed 12,341 people. 
Specific features of the sector 
In 2017, France produced 4.9 metric tons of waste per inhabitant: 69% was generated by building activities, 
18% by commercial and industrial activities, 13% by municipalities and households (source: ADEME 2020). 
Two-thirds of the waste goes to recycling/filling (+13% in 10 years), 29% to disposal (-15% in 10 years) and 
6% to energy recovery (+59% in 10 years). 
The AGEC Law (anti-waste for the circular economy), adopted on February 2020, reinforces the ambitions 
and obligations in terms of waste, in particular with: 
 
the obligation to incorporate a proportion of recycled material into products;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
the development of industrial waste sorting, particularly in the building sector; 
 
separate collection of bio-waste in 2023; 
 
the evolution of the polluter-pays principle with the implementation of new EPR (Extended Producer 
Responsibility) systems; 
 
the ban on single-use plastics in 2040; 
 
better consumer information (harmonization of colors for collection bins, etc.); 
 
the ban on the destruction of unsold non-food items; 
 
the creation of a fund for reuse with €50 million each year; 
 
the fight against programmed obsolescence; 
 
technical measures concerning facilities such as non-hazardous waste storage facilities (mandatory 
video surveillance system to check incoming waste) or organic recovery centers; 
 
traceability obligations. 
The “France relance” plan, adopted on September 2020, is also an opportunity for waste recycling and recovery 
in France. It supports the ecological transition, low-carbon solutions and the circular economy. 
The climate is at the heart of concerns with the European taxonomy and the revision of the EU Emissions 
Trading Scheme carbon quota system. In France, the “climate and resilience” law, adopted on 20 July 2021, 
focuses on the development of renewable and recovery energies, the greening of public procurement, better 
consumer information and genuine environmental education. 
Description of activities 
R&R France is active throughout the entire waste cycle: collection, sorting and recovery of materials, 
biological recovery, energy recovery, disposal. 
R&R France has been active in France’s waste sector since its incorporation in 1919. The Group has substantial 
treatment capacity, a diversified portfolio of contracts, special expertise in recovery and treatment (sorting, 
recycling, landfilling, incineration and methanization), solid geographic network coverage in France, and the 
ability to innovate by offering new treatment and recovery solutions. Today, R&R France is active in 
innovative collection solutions by offering alternative incentive-based local collection methods; in the 
management and recovery of household, industrial and commercial waste, in the recovery of ferrous and non-
ferrous metals, cardboard, wood, plastic and compost from waste, and in the production of energy – heat and 
electricity – from waste. R&R France serves municipal customers, large companies and small and medium-
sized businesses. 
In 2021, R&R France provided waste collection services to nearly 8 million inhabitants and 38,168 industrial 
and commercial customers. The company treated over 15.4 million metric tons of waste. As of 31 December 
2021, R&R France operated 73 composting platforms, 31 incineration sites (all sites with an energy recovery 
capacity), and 298 sorting and transfer stations.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
2.3 
Africa, Middle East, Central Asia (AMECA) 
AMECA contributed €778.3 million to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues in 2021. The New 
Suez Perimeter employed 4,069 people in this region as of 31 December 2021. 
2.3.1 
Africa 
In 2021, Africa contributed €0.7 billion to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues and employed 
3,871 people in this region as of 31 December 2021. 
Specific features of the sector 
Water 
The demographic growth of the African continent along with a very high rate of urbanization imply a massive 
requirement for water and wastewater infrastructures. The low level of maintenance also implies the premature 
ageing of certain infrastructures which then require refurbishment. Historically, infrastructure upgrade projects 
are funded by governments; however, funding is also provided by multilateral donors (with the World Bank 
being the main source of funds). The African market is dominated by international operators, and in the past 
Veolia and Former SUEZ have been the operators with the most widespread presence. However, African 
companies are favored for “EPC” (Engineering/Procurement/Construction) projects. 
Description of activities  
Water 
In Morocco, the Group is active in the water sector through Lydec, in which it has a 51% stake2, with the 
remaining 49% owned 34.75% by Fipar Holding and RMA Wataniya, and the remainder traded on the 
Casablanca stock exchange since 2005. Lydec is in charge of water distribution, wastewater treatment and the 
electricity supply for 4.2 million inhabitants in Greater Casablanca, on the basis of a 30-year contract signed 
in 1997. In 2021, Lydec contributed €669 million to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues, broken 
down into activities related to electricity (70%), and drinking water distribution and wastewater treatment 
(30%). 
As of 31 December 2021, Lydec employed 3,198 people. 
In Algeria, the Group has been present since 2006, with a management contract to which it contributes its 
expertise and provides experts to the Société des Eaux et de l’Assainissement d’Alger (SEAAL) in order to 
help improve drinking water distribution and wastewater services for the cities of Algiers and Tipasa. A 
dedicated program for professional and managerial knowledge transfer is being implemented by the Group. 
Present in Egypt for several decades, the Group currently operates two water treatment plants, one in 
Alexandria and one in Cairo. Since November 2018, the Group has started to build an extension to the current 
water treatment plant in Alexandria for which a financing agreement was signed in 2017 between the Egyptian 
government and the French Development Agency. 
In Senegal, SEN’EAU has been the drinking water operation and distribution management company in the 
country’s urban and suburban areas since January 2020. The Group is the leading technical partner of this 
Senegalese company, but is also one of its main shareholders (45% of its share capital). 
                                                     
2 Transfer of the 51% stake in Lydec to the Issuer has not occurred yet and remains subject to the authorizations of the Autorité Délégante and Autorité 
de Tutelle.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
In sub-Saharan Africa, the Group remains very active through its drinking water production and wastewater 
treatment plant construction business activities, namely in Burkina Faso, Mali, Kenya, Angola, Uganda and 
Cameroon. 
The Group is also present in many African towns and cities of all sizes through its degremont® compact unit 
or UCD activities (i.e. decentralized solutions for compact drinking water production plants), setting up 
compact water treatment units in an extremely short time frame. In particular, the Group signed a contract in 
2018 for the provision and installation of 40 compact units for the production of drinking water to supply 18 
cities in Ivory Coast. 
Waste 
In Morocco, the Group has historically operated in the waste management sector through R&R Morocco, 
which is responsible for the collection and handling of household waste, particularly at the Meknes disposal 
and recovery center. the Group also provides industrial waste management for local and international 
customers and has strengthened its position in this market in 2020 with key contracts in the automotive sector. 
2.3.2 
Central Asia 
The contribution of Central Asia zone to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues was insignificant 
and 12 people were employed in this area as of 31 December 2021. 
2.4 
Presentation of Asia Pacific activities (APAC) 
In 2021, the Asia Pacific Region contributed €0.6 billion to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues 
and employed 2,127 people. 
2.4.1 
Asia 
In 2021, Asia’s contribution to the New Suez Perimeter’s revenues totalled €288 million. As of 31 December 
2021, the New Suez Perimeter employed 1,132 people in this region.  
Specific features of the sector 
Water 
The Asian area comprises countries with a range of different needs and situations in terms of water and waste 
management services. This sector has seen an increased contribution of private/public partnerships. Several 
countries, particularly in Southeast Asia, need to develop infrastructure to provide access to basic services, 
although in other areas (e.g. Singapore) the level of maturity is as European standards. 
In Asia, local operators play an important role due to their level of competitiveness and close ties with the 
governments, since governments in this region often prefer to use homegrown operators. However, 
international operators can provide expertise in areas where the local expertise is insufficient. 
In China, the water services market is dominated by operators such as Beijing Enterprises Water Group 
(BEWG) and Guangdong GDH Water. The drinking water and wastewater treatment market is expected to 
experience sustained growth with the ongoing participation of private operators under the impact of 
industrialization and massive urbanization, added to the improvement in living standards of the population, 
more stringent regulations for the protection of the environment and controls over pollution levels, as well as 
pressure on the availability of water resources. 
The “Belt and Road” initiative, which is increasing China’s global influence, is becoming a major contributor 
to the financing and implementation of infrastructure projects in Asia, but also in Eastern Europe and Africa.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
This opens up an extensive range of potential for projects for the Group in the area of drinking water and 
wastewater infrastructure, to support large Chinese investment groups. 
Waste 
The waste market in Asia also covers regions experiencing a range of different situations and levels of maturity. 
The collection rate in the region is around 70% (World Bank source). Nearly 50% of these volumes are sent 
to landfill and only 9% are recycled. Cities such as Hong Kong, Singapore and mainland China are increasingly 
developing sorting at source and recycling programs for non-liquid but also organic materials (50% of 
volumes). Private operators are increasingly involved in projects with local municipalities, while the public 
authorities are developing adequate structures for greater transparency and quality.  
The waste sector in China has undergone substantial developments over recent years with a substantial 
development of sanitary landfills, waste-to-energy facilities as well as organic waste composting plants, 
particularly in urban area. The sector has therefore attracted significant investments and activities by large 
state-owned enterprises as well as national and foreign private operators. The recently issued 14th five-year 
plan emphasizes the need for more recycling and recovery, particularly in the field of construction waste, 
electronic waste, batteries, etc. as well as better tracking of hazardous waste flows. This sector should therefore 
continue to grow with the implementation of more stringent environmental regulations. 
Description of activities 
Water 
The Group has a presence in China through its water management concession in Macau and its subsidiaries 
established through partnerships with local authorities for drinking water production and distribution, 
wastewater and sludge treatment. It operates under several types of contracts, such as build-operate-transfer 
(BOT) contracts for building and renovating water treatment plants, Operation and Maintenance (“O&M”) 
and concession contracts. 
The Group operates in mainland China in the water sector. Following the creation of SUEZ NWS in January 
2017, Sino French Holdings and all the other operating entities were incorporated into the new organization, 
with the Issuer as the sole shareholder. 
The Group is continuing to strengthen its presence in China through a policy of entering into partnerships and 
by securing major contracts with municipal and industrial customers. The Group also operates in China through 
its Treatment Infrastructures business line, especially in the industrial sector. At present, the Group has 
completed over 300 design-build contracts in China. 
In all, the Group provides drinking water services to over 20 million inhabitants in China. 
Waste 
The Group is present in the waste sector in mainland China through joint ventures with local partners operating 
hazardous waste incinerators located in key industrial parks. The Group is also interested in opportunities on 
the recycling market and in the area of soil remediation.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
2.4.2 
Australia 
In 2021, Australia’s contribution to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues totalled €0.2 billion. As 
of 31 December 2021, the New Suez Perimeter employed 314 people in this region. 
Specific features of the sector 
Water 
The Group believes that the Australian water sector suffers from acute problems linked to water resources due 
to recurring, long- lasting droughts and from the impact of global warming. This sector offers significant 
growth opportunities due to the increased use of desalination and reuse of post-treatment wastewater. 
Infrastructure is well developed in this country and needs to be extended. The main challenge is to ensure the 
renewal and maintenance of the infrastructure while improving performance and maintaining an affordable 
price for the end user. 
Description of activities  
Water 
The Group estimates that it is the largest private O&M contractor in the municipal sector, supplying drinking 
water to 7.4 million people and wastewater treatment services to 1.2 million people. The Group’s services to 
municipal and industrial customers include the treatment of drinking water, desalination, wastewater treatment 
and reuse and bio-solids management. 
Resource recovery is progressing rapidly in the water sector, in particular nutrient and energy recovery from 
wastewater activities. In addition, the sector is currently moving towards adopting smart solutions to achieve 
reductions in cost and improvements in operational efficiency. 
2.4.3 
India 
In 2021, India’s contribution to the New Suez Perimeter’s consolidated revenues totalled €0.2 billion. The 
New Suez Perimeter employed 682 people in the region. 
Specific features of the sector 
Water is a fundamental concern for the Indian central government, which launched a five-year program (the 
Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT)) in 2015 to develop the necessary 
infrastructure to provide access to running water and wastewater treatment. Another program (Jal Jeevan 
Mission) was launched to provide all households with access to running water by 2024. At present, less than 
30% of households have access to running water. By 2050, India’s water consumption is expected to double, 
and the government would like to treat wastewater, and protect rivers and underground reserves (the primary 
source of drinking water for millions of people). The Indian water sector represents a growth market for the 
Group as it is an area where it can implement its know-how and expertise to manage and improve the service 
in the context of large-scale and long-term contracts. Historically, the water market in India has attracted low 
levels of private investment due to the lack of financial collateral and low rates. Desalination and wastewater 
reuse projects and 24/7 water supply contracts could also offer new opportunities. 
Description of activities  
The Group has actively followed developments in the Indian water sector in the 30 years since it has been 
present in the country, particularly the emergence, supported by plans and policies at the federal and national

--- Page 111 ---
111 
level, of projects in the form of public-private partnerships that are aimed at improving and expanding the 
water supply and the distribution infrastructure and services in Indian cities. 
The Group has provided its expertise for the management of water systems in the cities of Coimbatore, 
Davanagere, Puttur, Udupi and Mangalore. In the city of Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh), the Group manages the 
entire sewer network and all wastewater treatment plants and is the first and only service provider of pipeline 
infrastructure in an Indian city. 
The Group also operates in Sri Lanka and Bangladesh through its Treatment infrastructures building and 
operation activities. 
2.5 
Presentation of Europe activities 
2.5.1 
Italia 
Through its subsidiary SUEZ Italia based in Milan, the Group holds equity interests in five water and 
wastewater treatment companies in Tuscany (Arezzo, Florence, Pisa, Sienna and Montecatini Terme) and 
develops design and build (D&B) projects and O&M activities. The Group manages two of the main 
wastewater treatment plants in the Naples metropolitan area. The Issuer owns a 23.33% interest in Acea, a 
company listed on the Milan Stock Exchange that is active in integrated water management, energy sales and 
distribution, public lighting and, to a lesser extent, waste treatment. Based in Rome, Acea is the main water 
and wastewater treatment operator in Italy. 
2.5.2 
Czech Republic 
The Group has operated in the Czech Republic since 1993 thanks to its participation in several drinking water 
and wastewater treatment service companies in a number of cities in the country. With this long-standing 
experience in water business activities, the Czech Republic is also an area of development of the Group’s 
digital services (SES). 
2.5.3 
Central Europe 
The Group has been active in the water sector for many years in several European Union member states. The 
Group operates, alone or through partnerships: 
 
in Poland, through a contract with the city of Mlawa; 
 
in Croatia, through the construction of the drinking water plant in Dubrovnik; 
 
in Romania, through the modernization of the wastewater treatment plant in Glina. 
2.6 
Presentation of Smart & Environmental Solutions (SES) activities 
The global business line – SUEZ Smart & Environmental Solutions (“SES”) – aims to support the development 
and deployment of our smart and environmental solutions on a global scale and to accelerate the Group’s 
differentiation through its positive impact on health, quality of life, the environment and climate. 
In this context, SES is an integral part of the SUEZ formula to offer its customers turnkey environmental 
services. These solutions are based in particular on innovative digital technology and environmental solutions. 
They help the Group’s customers in their transition to development with low carbon emissions by offering 
sustainable solutions to their challenges.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
To meet these challenges, the Group has organized these solutions around five business lines: 
1. 
Digital & decentralized solutions 
2. 
Performance management and unaccounted-for water 
3. 
Monitoring of environmental quality and smart agriculture 
4. 
Air & Climate 
5. 
Smart City & Consulting 
With 2,861 employees and with revenue of €0.4 billion in 2021, SES has a solid commercial base and the 
strengths to build a genuine platform for growth. It has expertise, both in design and in operations, across a 
wide range of environmental activities (water, waste and air). These business activities are combined with 
assets in hardware and software suites, as well as strong innovation capabilities. 
Specific features of the sector 
The Covid-19 pandemic has confirmed several trends, including those linked to digital and environmental 
issues. Operational and financial constraints have encouraged the acceleration of digital projects and the switch 
from investment intensive business activities to performance and O&M contracts. An awareness of essential 
services has had a catalyzing effect on resilience, critical asset management and the need for an automation of 
our businesses (“remote everywhere”). Finally, ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance criteria) and the 
importance of the circular economy are now core concerns, strengthened by the impact of the pandemic and 
climate crises. Our sectors are thus driven, and will increasingly be driven, by the energy and ecological 
transition, the transition to carbon neutrality in the regions, adaptation to the effects of climate change, constant 
technological changes such as BIM (Building Information Modeling) and the twin digital technologies 
represented by the Internet of Things (“IoT”) and Artificial Intelligence. 
This awareness is reflected in new regulations or the strengthening of existing regulations. Sensors (smart 
water) have become key tools for monitoring network performance and regulatory compliance. EU regulations 
on smart electricity and gas meters have paved the way for national policies aimed at including smart meter 
solutions in water management (Italy and other countries have legislation on this transition). Targets for 
reducing non-revenue-generating water have been set in France, the United Kingdom, Bulgaria and Croatia. 
Regulations are also tightening in terms of water quality and asset management. The EU and the United States 
have reviewed their water guidelines to ensure better transparency on the quality of water provided (in Spain 
in particular on the criteria for discharge compliance). Lastly, despite significant reductions in air pollution 
emissions over the last three decades, an estimated 400,000 premature deaths each year in Europe are still due 
to air pollution. Regulations on air quality are being tightened as a result, with the European Court of Justice 
convicting Italy and France for their non-compliance with the 2008 Directive on ambient air quality in respect 
of nitrogen dioxide and/or fine particle parameters. 
Description of activities 
a) 
Digital and decentralized solutions 
 
IoT (water/waste) 
ON’Connect metering is the flagship solution of our IoT offering. It covers hardware management, 
connectivity (telecommunications) and data management (software) with the possibility of integrating 
additional modules that target specific needs (tourism, infrastructure, help for the elderly, etc.). With regard to 
waste activities, “aEner’COM” wireless technology allows municipal customers and businesses to fine-tune

--- Page 113 ---
113 
management of voluntary contribution points. Ultrasound sensors located in containers check their filling rate 
and transmit information in “near” real time to a secure web interface. 
With more than five million smart meters installed worldwide, SES is the European IoT leader in 
environmental solutions. 
 
Smart Water & Smart Waste 
Our smart water operating solutions provide real-time monitoring of key operating data for water network 
operators. The Aquadvanced software suite consists of modules that each meet a specific need, such as the 
performance of the water network, the effectiveness of the urban drainage system, asset-focused hypervision 
and operational efficiency for treatment plants. Covering the entire water cycle, the main features include 
compatibility with all types of sensors and existing systems, real-time modeling and forecasting and optimized 
operational automation. SES has over 1,000 software suites installed worldwide. 
In waste business activities, multiple services have been developed to optimize the operation of our plants and 
target specific needs: the MyCollect mobile application is specifically intended for operators of waste 
collection companies. Our Valovisio centers are real smart control towers that can be used to monitor and 
optimize installations. Sludge Advanced is the first platform to offer traceability based on the blockchain that 
monitors the sludge from water treatment plants. The “My Waste Services” web portal helps citizens with 
waste management and, finally, our batiRIM modeling software provides users with the ability to quantify, 
qualify and map their building and demolition waste. 
 
E-commerce & marketplace 
The SES B2C offering provides access to a digital platform, available on desktops, mobiles and tablets, with 
a quote on request, the option to pay online, waste management services (ad hoc rental of big bags or refuse 
bins, connected collection services, recurring collection services, etc.) and the cleaning and emptying of tanks 
(septic tanks, oil tanks, grease tanks, etc.). There are also B2B services for SMEs, such as waste oil collection, 
electronic equipment recycling, waste sorting, etc. 
The Organix marketplace brings together organic waste producers and biogas producers and also offers 
connected services, including waste transport monitoring, quality control and assistance in meeting 
administrative requirements. 
 
Decentralized solutions 
Our decentralized solutions consist of three types of offering: 1) the design and installation of stand-alone 
drinking water and wastewater treatment units, 2) the design, construction and refurbishment of small stand-
alone units for treating surface water and sea water and 3) specific civil engineering work on water networks, 
the cleaning and dredging of watercourses and the restoration of aquatic biodiversity. 
b) 
Performance management and unaccounted-for water 
 
Asset performance management 
Asset performance management solutions provide services for managing and increasing the performance of 
drinking water and wastewater networks, increasing the level of service and reducing risks. These solutions 
take advantage of the existing Smart solutions of SES or innovative technologies resulting from partnerships. 
SES brings them together in an integrated offering combining equipment (e.g. smart meters, sensors, etc.), 
software solutions (e.g. Aquadvanced, AssetAdvanced, etc.) and operational asset services (e.g. maintenance). 
The activity also offers specific services for critical assets, such as wells, tanks, pipes, networks, pumps and 
meters.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Unaccounted-for water management 
Unaccounted-for water management offerings can be broken down into three areas: 1) customer management 
(platform centralizing customer requests and historical data on meter readings, invoicing and debt, the 
reviewing and updating of customer databases and customer commitment periods), 2) operations (income 
insurance, outsourcing of business processes – meter reading, invoicing and managing commercial and 
technical work on the ground) and 3) asset monitoring and management (monitoring and optimization of the 
meter pool, meter renewal plan support, geolocation of meters). 
c) 
Monitoring of environmental quality and smart agriculture 
 
Monitoring of environmental quality 
This activity focuses on environmental analysis services for water, soil and air based on a network of 
laboratories. Our assets also offer a specific solution for hospitals and healthcare institutions, recommendation 
services for Legionnaire’s disease and air quality. 
 
Smart agriculture 
SUEZ Agriculture promotes innovative irrigation systems, agricultural services (crop management, financing, 
etc.) and digital platforms based on irrigation with built-in digital tools to support farmers and optimize 
irrigation using satellite data and field sensors. 
d) 
Air & Climate 
 
Air monitoring and treatment solutions 
Our air-related solutions target three requirements faced by manufacturers and public infrastructure managers: 
• 
reducing the impact of odors through impact and performance studies, photocatalytic cover treatment 
and advanced filtering, and monitoring of them using Airadvanced platforms; 
• 
improving air quality through impact and performance studies, treatment with our Air+ and carbon 
well solutions and monitoring them using Airadvanced platforms; 
• 
improving the greenhouse gases (“GHG”) footprint through pollution treatment, carbon wells, pre-
treatment and biological recovery. 
 
Climate solutions 
SUEZ Climate Solutions, in close cooperation with the Sustainable Development Department, is tasked with 
developing new solutions and offerings for internal and external customers linked to the positive impact on 
climate, natural capital and traceability, which include in particular: 
 
traceability and trade-off corresponding to their positive impact on the climate; 
 
the provision of digital tools linked to the accreditation of this impact; 
 
access to carbon credits; 
 
new treatment solutions to capture GHG and protect our natural capital.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
e) 
Smart City & Consulting 
 
SUEZ Consulting 
SUEZ Consulting provides its expertise to municipal customers, public authorities, international financial 
institutions, public service agents, and private and industrial customers. SUEZ Consulting has customers in 
over 100 countries. 
SUEZ Consulting is developing expertise in the energy and climate sectors and is strengthening its position as 
a French leader in the roll-out of digital and very high speed broadband offers. SUEZ Consulting is also 
continuing to expand its historical businesses in water and the environment, where it is a market leader. 
As a key operator in the sustainable development sector, SUEZ Consulting supports cities and industrial sites 
in France and internationally throughout their ecological and energy transition and during their adaptations to 
the effects of climate change. 
To this end, SUEZ Consulting contributes concretely to the achievement of sustainable development objectives 
and to the reduction of territorial inequalities. SUEZ Consulting is active at all levels of the projects offering 
strategic advice, masterplans, assistance with project management, design, general contracting, operational 
support, training and audits. 
 
Smart City 
The Smart City & Consulting teams, thanks to their local roots, have access to local decision-makers and 
proven expertise in building consortia, providing hypervisors who handle information from multiple sources 
in real time (connected equipment as well as requests made directly by citizens). This enables resources to be 
optimized and recommendations to be made on the performance of assets and the progress of standard 
operations. Connected control centers are urban remote management facilities that improve the resilience of 
cities while enabling continuity of services in the event of a crisis, as evidenced by the city of Dijon in 2020. 
In Angers Loire Métropole, France’s leading smart region, the Group’s objective, together with its partners, is 
to use digital technology to accelerate the ecological transition of the region and improve its attractiveness, 
optimize the organization of public services, ensure more efficient resource management and, lastly, facilitate 
and improve the daily life of residents.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
3 
Organizational structure 
Description of the Group and the Issuer’s position within the Group 
The simplified corporate chart of the Group as of 31 January 2022 is as follows:  
 
* Regarding Lydec, subject to the authorizations of « Autorité délégante » and « Autorité de tutelle ». 
4 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
Names, business addresses and functions of the members of the Board of Directors 
Name  
Position 
Significant mandate outside the Group 
Thierry Déau 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board of Directors 
President at MSAS 
Executive committee member at Autostrada 
Wielkopolska S.A. 
Executive committee member at Autostrada 
Wielkopolska II S.A. 
Executive committee member at Norscut, Concessao de 
Auto-Estradas, S.A. 
Executive committee member at Vélopolis SAS 
Executive committee member at NTE Mobility Partners 
LLC 
Sandra Lagumina 
Director 
Executive Director at Meridiam SAS 
Board Member at Fnac Darty Group 
Julien Touati 
Director 
Executive committee member at Meridiam SAS 
Board Member at Allego 
Board Member at Evergaz 
Board Member at Voltalis

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Antoine Lissowski 
Director 
Board Member at Elsan 
Board Member at SACRA 
Deepak Agrawal 
Director 
Investment Partner at GIP 
Tufan Erginbilgic 
Director 
Business Improvement  Partner at GIP 
Antoine Kerrenneur 
Director 
Investment Principal at GIP 
Mike O’Sullivan 
Director 
Business Improvement  Partner at GIP  
Antoine Saintoyant 
Director 
Member of the Executive Committee of Caisse des dépôts 
et consignations since September 2020 
Board Member of Bpifrance S.A. since December 2020 
Member of the Supervisory Board of CDC Habitat SAEM 
since December 2020 
Board Member and VP of the Board of Compagnie des 
Alpes S.A. since November 2020 
Board Member of Egis S.A. since October 2020 
Board Member of ICADE S.A. since October 2020 
Member of the Supervisory Board of La Banque Postale 
S.A. since February 2021 
Board Member of La Poste S.A. since January 2021 
Stéphane Dédéyan 
Director 
Member of the Executive Committee of La Banque 
Postale (SA)  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Arial CNP 
Assurances (SA)  
Member and Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board, 
member of the Remuneration and Nominations 
Committee of BPE (SA)  
Director of Holding XS1 (Brazil) 
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of XS5 
Administradora de Consórcios (Brazil)  
Member of the Strategy and Investments Committee of 
La Poste Silver (SAS) 
 
All the members of the Board of Directors are domiciled at Tour CB21, 16, place de l’Iris, 92400 Courbevoie 
(France). 
Conflicts of interests 
To the Issuer’s knowledge, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors as regards the Issuer and their respective private 
interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Names, business addresses and functions of the members of the management 
Name  
Position 
Significant mandate outside the Group 
Sabrina Soussan 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Director of ITT Inc. 
Maximilien Pellegrini 
Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer 
Director of French American Foundation 
Member of the office of Institut de la Gestion Déléguée 
Chairman of Fédération Professionnelle des Entreprises 
de l’Eau 
Co-Chairman of Cercle Colbert 
Frederick Jeske-
Schoenhoven 
Senior Vice President 
of Strategy, 
Communication and 
Sustainable 
Development  
None 
Laurent-Guillaume 
Guerra 
SUEZ Group Chief 
Human Resources 
Officer for France 
(from 1 April 2022) 
None 
Philippe Andrau 
Chief Legal Officer 
None 
 
All the members of the management are domiciled at Tour CB21, 16, place de l’Iris, 92400 Courbevoie 
(France). 
As announced by the Issuer on 10 March 2022, Thomas Devedjian has been appointed as Chief Financial 
Officer of the Issuer with effect on 1 May 2022. Mr. Devedjian had previously held the Chief Financial Officer 
position at Eramet group since 2016. He started his career at the France’s Ministry of Finance, before becoming 
Deputy Director of Investments at EURAZEO (2006-2009), and then joining the FSI, which was later 
integrated into Bpifrance, where he was an Executive Committee member.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
5 
Major shareholders 
5.1 
Shareholding structure 
The table below sets forth information relating to the shareholding of the Issuer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Shareholder 
Number of shares 
% of share capital
Number of voting 
rights 
% of voting rights 
Sonate TopCo 
3,824,246,235 
>99.99% 
3,824,246,235 
>99.99% 
Meridiam 
Sustainable Water 
and Waste Fund 
1 
<0.01% 
1 
<0.01% 
Total 
3,824,246,236 
100% 
3,824,2469,236 
100% 
 
The Issuer is owned at more than 99.99% by Sonate TopCo, a French société par actions simplifiée registered 
with the Commercial and Companies Register of Nanterre under number 900 217 753 with a registered office 
located at Tour CB21, 16, place de l’Iris, 92400 Courbevoie, France (“Sonate TopCo”). 
Sonate TopCo’s shareholding is currently as follows: 
- 
40% of its share capital and voting rights are held by Meridiam Sustainable Water and Waste Fund, a 
French société de libre partenariat registered with the Commercial and Companies Register of Paris 
under number 900 669 698 with a registered office located at 4 Place de l’Opéra, 75002 Paris, France 
(“Meridiam Sustainable Water and Waste Fund”); 
- 
40% of its share capital and voting rights are held by GIP Highbury SAS, a French société par actions 
simplifiée registered with the Commercial and Companies Register of Paris under number 904 842 
531 with a registered office located at 3 boulevard de Sébastopol, 75001 Paris, France (“GIP 
Highbury SAS”);  
- 
12% of its share capital and voting rights are held by LA CAISSE DES DEPOTS ET 
CONSIGNATIONS, a special institution created by the law of 28 April 1816, codified in Articles L. 
518-2 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, whose registered office is located 56 rue de 
Lille, 75007 Paris, France (“Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations”); and 
- 
8% of its share capital and voting rights are held by Infra-Invest France, a French société par actions 
simplifiée à associé unique et capital variable registered with the Commercial and Companies Register 
of Paris under number 821 429 594 with a registered office located at 4 Place Raoul Dautry, 75015 
Paris, France (“Infra-Invest France”). 
On 28 January 2022, Sonate TopCo issued €2,100,000,001 in aggregate nominal amount of 2.44 per cent. 
bonds mandatorily redeemable in its shares due 2057 which were subscribed by its shareholders. 
5.2 
Arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the 
Issuer 
On 31 January 2022, a shareholders' agreement (the “SHA”) relating to Sonate Topco was entered into between 
Meridiam Sustainable Water and Waste Fund, GIP Highbury SAS (each of Meridiam Sustainable Water and 
Waste Fund and GIP Highbury SAS also being referred to as a “Principal Investor”), Caisse des Dépôts et 
Consignations and Infra-Invest France (Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations and Infra-Invest France being 
treated as a single shareholder, referred to as “Groupe CDC”).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Governance 
The governance bodies of Sonate TopCo and the Issuer include (i) a supervisory committee (comité de 
surveillance) at the level of Sonate TopCo (the “Supervisory Committee”) and (ii) a board of directors 
(conseil d'administration) at the level of the Issuer (the “Board of Directors”), which initially both comprise 
the same 10 members.  
At the level of Sonate TopCco 
Composition of the Supervisory Committee: it shall consist of up to 10 members, appointed and removed by 
the shareholders. The Supervisory Committee shall initially comprise 4 members appointed by Meridiam 
Sustainable Water and Waste Fund, 4 by GIP Highbury SAS and 2 by Groupe CDC. 
Voting at meetings of the Supervisory Committee: unless otherwise provided for certain reserved matters, 
decisions of the Supervisory Committee shall be adopted by a majority of more than 70% of the voting rights 
held by the members (a “Qualified Majority”). 
At the level of the Issuer 
Board of Directors: it shall comprise up to 14 members, appointed for 5-year term and removed by the Issuer's 
shareholders, as follows:  
 
all members of Sonate TopCo's Supervisory Committee,  
 
1 independent director appointed upon Sonate TopCo's proposal,  
 
2 directors appointed upon the Chief Executive Officer's proposal from time to time, acting on behalf of 
the employees of Sonate TopCo’s group, and  
 
1 director appointed upon the Chief Executive Officer's proposal from time to time, acting on behalf of the 
Issuer's employee shareholders. 
Unless otherwise decided by the Supervisory Committee at a Qualified Majority, the chairman of the Board of 
Directors shall be an independent director.  
Restrictions on transfers of securities 
Restrictions apply to the transfers of securities held in Sonate TopCo (the “Securities”) - except in particular 
for specific transfers (the “Free Transfers”), such as transfers by a shareholder to any of its affiliates and vice 
versa, or transfers of Groupe CDC’s Securities to the Principal Investors. 
As from 1 February 2027, if one or more Sonate TopCo shareholder(s) contemplate(s) to transfer Securities to 
a third-party that would entitle it to exercise more than 50% of Sonate TopCo’s voting rights, then the 
remaining shareholders shall have the right to sell, at the same price and under the same terms and conditions, 
all of their Securities. 
Financing and dividend policy 
The parties to the SHA agree to use their best efforts so that the financing policy of Sonate TopCo’s group 
complies with an investment grade rating profile.  
Sonate TopCo shall distribute all cash lawfully available for distribution, on a semi-annual basis, subject to the 
reasonably foreseeable cash needs of Sonate TopCo and/or its subsidiaries, to the extent complying with the 
financing policy and permitted under any financing arrangements of the Group.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
6 
Statutory auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are Mazars and Ernst & Young Audit. Mazars and Ernst & Young Audit 
are members of the professional body Compagnie des commissaires aux comptes de Versailles et du Centre.  
Mazars and Ernst & Young et Autres have rendered an audit report on the combined financial statements of 
the New Suez  Perimeter for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
7 
Material contracts 
The Issuer entered into a facilities agreement dated 13 August 2021 (as amended and restated on 16 December 
2021, the “Facilities Agreement”) with Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bank 
of China (Europe) S.A., BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch, Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., La Banque Postale, Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities 
Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, MUFG Bank, Ltd (acting through its Paris branch), Natixis, 
NatWest Markets N.V., RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, SMBC Bank EU AG, Société Générale and 
UniCredit Bank AG, as Lenders, comprising one euro term loan facility for an amount of €2,250 million 
(“Bridge Loan”), one euro term loan facility for an amount of €2,250 million (“Term Loan”) and one 
multicurrency revolving loan facility of €750 million available to the Issuer (“Revolving Credit Facility”). 
For more information on the Facilities Agreement, please refer to subsection “Capitalization and indebtedness 
table as of 31 January 2022” below. 
To the Issuer’s knowledge, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no other material contracts that 
have not been entered into in the ordinary course, which could result the Issuer being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
8 
Capitalization and indebtedness table as of 31 January 2022  
The following table sets forth the unaudited capitalization and indebtedness of the Issuer as of 31 January 
2022: 
 (in millions of euros) 
As at 31 January 2022 
(unaudited)5 
Cash 
182 
Bridge Loan1 
2,250 
Term Loan2 
2,061 
Revolving Credit Facility 
1403 
Total financial debt 
4,451 
Shareholders' capital and premium 
3,8244 
Total Capitalization 
3,824 
1 Represents the euro term loan facility for an amount of €2,250 million under the Facilities Agreement, with initial termination date 
falling 12 months from the closing date of the acquisition of the New Suez Perimeter by the Issuer (i.e., 31 January 2023) (which may 
be extended to 24 months). 
2 Represents the euro term loan facility for an amount of €2,250 million under the Facilities Agreement, with initial termination date 
falling three years from the closing date of the acquisition of the New Suez Perimeter by the Issuer (i.e., 31 January 2025) (which may 
be extended to five years). 
3 Represents the amount drawn as of 31 January 2022 under the €750 million Revolving Credit Facility under the Facilities Agreement, 
with initial termination date falling five years from the closing date of the acquisition of the New Suez Perimeter by the Issuer (i.e., 
31 January 2027) (which may be extended to seven years). 
4 Ordinary shares. 
5 Information based on the annual financial statements of the Issuer established in French GAAP. 
 
The Bridge Loan and the Term Loan have been entered into by the Issuer in the context of, and for the purpose 
of, financing the acquisition of the New Suez Perimeter by the Issuer and are intended to be refinanced, 
including by way of issue of Notes under the Programme, it being specified that in accordance with the 
provisions of the Facilities Agreement the Bride Loan will be refinanced first and the Term Loan thereafter. 
The debt and equity sources of the Issuer as of 31 January 2022 and their uses are shown in the table below:  
Sources 
 
Uses 
   
(in millions of 
euros) 
    
(in millions of 
euros) 
Total financial debt 
4,451 
 Purchase Price1  
8,018 
Shareholder’s capital & 
Premium 
3,824 
 
Transaction fees, loan fees and cash 
at bank2 
257 
Total sources 
8,275 
 Total uses  
8,275 
 
1 Represents the purchase price of all the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of the New Suez Perimeter acquired by the Issuer 
as paid on 31 January 2022. 
2 Represents fees disbursed on 31 January 2022 as well as Issuer's cash at bank on 31 January 2022.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
9 
Bridge from the Issuer’s and New Suez Perimeter’s financial information as of 31 December 2021 
to the Group’s information as of 31 January 2022  
The following table intends to provide a bridge from the Issuer’s accounts as at 31 December 2021 and 
financial information of the New Suez Perimeter as set out in the combined financial statements as of 31 
December 2021 to an aggregated view presenting the combined perimeter of the Issuer as of 31 January 2022: 
 
 
Column (a) presents information from the Issuer’s accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Column (b) illustrates the capital injection as well as drawing by the Issuer on the Bridge Loan, the Term Loan 
and the Revolving Credit Facility under the Facilities Agreement (as detailed in subsection 8 “Capitalzation 
and indebtedness table as of 31 January 2022” of the section “Description of the Issuer”) and their impact on 
the Issuer’s accounts. 
Column (c) is the sum of columns 1 to 4 and reflects balance sheet movements in relation to the acquisition of 
the New Suez Perimeter between 31 December 2021 and 31 January 2022. 
Column (1) represents the purchase price of all the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of the 
New Suez Perimeter acquired by the Issuer as paid on 31 January 2022. 
 
Column (2) represents the Issuer’s combined perimeter’s net debt as at 31 December 2021. 
Column (3) illustrates the net debt impact of reorganisation transactions which occurred between 31 
December 2021 and 31 January 2022, as well as the operating, investing and financing cash flows of 
the New Suez Perimeter for January 2022. 
Column (4) corresponds to the refinancing of intercompany debt by the Issuer and associated 
intercompany elimination as at 31 January 2022. 
Column (e) provides a view of the Issuer’s legal combined perimeter as at 31 January 2022. 
As mentioned in Note 20 to the Combined Financial Statements of the Issuer’s New Suez Perimeter or the year 
ended 31 December 2021, those are inclusive of Lydec (a company with a contributing net debt of circa €104 
million as at the 31 December 2021 and €91 million as at the end of 31 January 2022). Lydec remains to be 
acquired by the Issuer and the final acquisition price will be subject to Lydec shareholders’ participation: the 
acquisition price for the shares not held by the Issuer at 31 January 2022 could reach MAD 1,102 million (c.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
€105 million3) for 51% of the shares currently held by Veolia to MAD 2,160 million (c. €205 million2) for 
100% of the shares.  
Consortium members confirmed their intention to ultimately proceed with a capital increase of the Issuer to 
finance or refinance, as the case may be, this acquisition. 
The Issuer will also be subject to paying (i) an earn-out based on the New Suez Perimeter’s 2021 financial 
performance and (ii) the final purchase price will be subject to an adjustment mechanism, essentially a net debt 
adjustment (excluding Leases), which outcome will have to be agreed between Veolia and the Consortium in 
the course of 2022 (the “Purchase Price Adjustment”).  
The maximum earn-out amount is €300 million and Consortium members confirmed their intention to 
ultimately proceed with a capital increase of the Issuer for an equivalent amount. 
Considering the cash available in the New Suez Perimeter as well as at the Issuer level on 31 January 2022 
(i.e. € 870 million), the availability of the undrawn portion of the Revolving Credit Facility under the Facilities 
Agreement, as well as the Consortium’s intention to maintain an investment grade credit profile for the Issuer, 
the Issuer’s management does not anticipate the Purchase Price Adjustment to negatively impact the Issuer’s 
ability to fund its liquidity requirements. 
 
                                                     
3 On the basis of an exchange rate of MAD 10.5168 for €1.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NEW SUEZ PERIMETER FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 
1. Combined statements of financial position 
(in millions of euros)  
Note 
 December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non-current assets 
 
 
Intangible assets, net 
9 
1,459.8 
1,474.9
Goodwill 
8 
999.4 
959.6
Property, plant and equipment net 
10 
1,467.8 
1,487.1
Rights of use 
14 
467.5 
573.8
Equity instruments 
12.1 
52.7 
82.9
Loans and receivables carried at amortized cost – portion due in more than 
one year 
12.1 
606.4 
741.9
Derivative financial instruments – portion due in more than one year 
12.1 
0.1 
-
Investments in joint ventures 
11.1 
626.7 
851.4
Investments in associates 
11.2 
1,677.0 
778.3
Contract assets – portion due in more than one year 
4.1.3 
67.2 
66.2
Other assets – portion due in more than one year 
12 
135.6 
153.0
Deferred tax assets 
7 
316.6 
374.7
Total non-current assets 
 
7,876.8 
7,543.8
Current assets 
 
 
Loans and receivables carried at amortized cost 
12 
150.8 
53.9
Derivative financial instruments – portion due in less than one year 
12 
9.7 
7.1
Trade and other receivables – portion due in less than one year 
12 
2,491.9 
2,327.3
Inventories 
1.5.8 
209.8 
192.5
Contract assets – portion due in less than one year 
4.1.3 
296.1 
267.7
Other assets – portion due in less than one year 
12 
783.0 
884.8
Financial assets measured at fair value through income 
12 
27.2 
23.4
Cash and cash equivalents 
12 
1,157.9 
1,031.0
Total current assets 
 
5,126.4 
4,787.7
Total combined assets 
 
13,003.2 
12,331.5
Owner’s net investment (combined net asset) , Group share 
 
3,373.6 
2,782.3
Non-controlling interests 
17 
362.6 
803.9
Total owner’s net investment (combined net asset)  
 
3,736.2 
3,586.2
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Provisions – portion due in more than one year 
16 
811.8 
765.8
Long-term borrowings – portion due in more than one year 
12.2 
644.4 
777.7
Lease liabilities – portion due in more than one year 
14.3 
362.4 
454.1
Derivative financial instruments – portion due in more than one year 
12.2 
0.1 
0.4
Other financial liabilities – portion due in more than one year 
12.2 
6.5 
0.7
Contract liabilities – portion due in more than one year 
4.1.3 
133.8 
103.6
Other liabilities – portion due in more than one year 
12 
243.6 
235.8
Deferred tax liabilities 
7 
263.1 
180.0
Total non-current liabilities 
 
2,465.7 
2,518.1
Current liabilities 
 
 
Provisions - – portion due in less than one year 
16 
142.4 
123.3
Short-term borrowings - – portion due in less than one year 
12.2 
1,396.4 
1,427.3
Lease liabilities – portion due in less than one year 
14.3 
124.5 
136.0
Derivative financial instruments – portion due in less than one year 
12.2 
7.9 
7.4
Trade and other payables – portion due in less than one year 
12.2 
2,225.9 
1,660.8
Contract liabilities – portion due in less than one year 
4.1.3 
592.6 
651.6
Other liabilities – portion due in less than one year 
12 
2,311.6 
2,220.8
Total current liabilities 
 
6,801.3 
6,227.2
Total Liabilities and Owner’s net investment (combined net asset) 
 
13,003.2 
12,331.5

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
NB: The values in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. Rounding may in some cases produce a non-material discrepancy in totals or variances. 
2. Combined income statements 
(in millions of euros)  
 Note 
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Revenues 
4.1 
7,534.2 
6,608.7
Purchases 
 
(2,257.2) 
(1,492.0)
Personnel costs 
4.2 
(1,847.9) 
(1,754.8)
Depreciation, amortization and provisions 
4.3 
(608.3) 
(690.1)
Other operating expenses 
4.4 
(2,755.8) 
(2,857.7)
Other operating income 
4.4 
231.2 
210.9
Current operating income 
4 
296.2 
25.0
Impairment on property, plant and equipment, intangible and financial assets 
 
(20.7) 
(98.0)
Restructuring costs 
 
(67.6) 
(31.4)
Other gains and losses on disposals 
 
(14.5)
(33.0)
Other non-recurring transactions 
 
(0.2)
(4.5)
Income from operating activities 
5 
193.2 
(111.4)
Share in net income of equity-accounted companies considered as core business
 
175.2 
119.3
of which: share in net income (loss) of joint ventures 
 12.1 
45.2 
36.6
of which: share in net income (loss) of associates 
12.2 
130.1 
82.7
Income from operating activities after share in net income of equity-
accounted companies considered as core business 
 
368.4 
7.9
Financial expenses 
 
(115.6) 
(113.5)
Financial income 
 
34.9 
42.2
Net financial income (loss) 
 6 
(80.7) 
(71.3)
Income tax expense 
7 
(100.0) 
(44.8)
Net income 
 
187.7 
(108.2)
Of which: Group share 
 
118.1 
(153.2)
Non controlling interests 
 
69.6 
45.0
 
NB: The values in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. Rounding may in some cases produce a non-material discrepancy in totals or variances. 
Note: each of the two financial years presented corresponds to a period of 12 calendar months.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
3. Combined statements of comprehensive income 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021
December 3
1, 2021 of 
which Group 
share
December 31, 
2021 of which 
non 
controlling 
interests 
December 
31, 2020
December 31
, 2020 of 
which Group 
share
December 31, 
2020 of which 
non controlling 
interests
Net income 
187.7 
118.1 
69.6 
(108.2)
(153.2)
45.0
Net investment hedges 
-
-
- 
-
-
-
Cash flow hedges (excluding commodities) 
6.6
6.5 
0.2 
(1.8)
(1.7)
-
Commodity cash-flow hedges 
2.2
2.2 
- 
-
-
-
Deferred taxes on items above 
(2.5)
(2.4)
(0.0) 
-
-
-
Translation adjustments (a)  
167.9 
119.9 
48.0 
(84.1)
(58.0)
(26.1)
Total reclassifiable items 
174.3 
126.2 
48.1 
(85.9)
(59.7)
(26.1)
of which share of joint ventures in 
reclassifiable items, net of taxes 
28.9
28.9 
- 
4.3
4.3
-
of which share of associates in 
reclassifiable items, net of taxes 
81.6
81.6 
- 
(9.5)
(9.5)
-
Actuarial gains and losses 
(9.8)
(10.0)
0.3 
0.6
7.0
(6.4)
Deferred taxes on actuarial gains and losses 
3.5
3.2 
0.3 
1.3
(0.5)
1.8
Equity instruments 
44.7
44.7 
- 
(3.6)
(3.6) 
Deferred taxes on equity instruments 
0.0
0.0 
-  
 
-
Total non-reclassifiable items 
38.4
37.9 
0.5 
(1.7)
2.9
(4.6)
of which share of joint ventures in non-
reclassifiable items, net of taxes 
-
-
- 
-
-
-
of which share of associates in non-
reclassifiable items, net of taxes 
2.0
2.0 
- 
6.2
6.2
-
Other comprehensive income 
212.7 
164.0 
48.7 
(87.6)
(56.8)
(30.7)
Comprehensive income 
400.4 
282.1 
118.2 
(195.8)
(210.0)
14.3
 
(a) 
Out of a total of EUR 119,9 million, 97,6 EUR million to the variation of Chinese yuan and EUR 16,9 million are related to the variation of the Hong Kong Dollar. 
NB: The values in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. Rounding may in some cases produce a non-material discrepancy in totals or variances. 
Note: each of the two financial years presented corresponds to a period of 12 calendar months.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
4. Statements of changes in owner’s net 
investment (combined net asset) 
(in millions of euros)  
Net 
contribution 
from SUEZ 
Group
Change in fair 
value and 
other
Translation 
adjustment
s
Combined 
net assets 
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
Owner’s net investment at December 31, 
2019 
3,135.2
(61.7)
(33.9)
3,039.6 
821.2
3,860.8 
Net income 
(153.2)
 
(153.2) 
45.0
(108.2) 
Other comprehensive income 
6.5
(5.3)
(58.0)
(56.8) 
(30.8)
(87.6) 
Comprehensive income 
(146.7)
(5.3)
(58.0)
(210.0) 
14.2
(195.8) 
Dividends distributed in cash 
(124.0)
 
(124.0) 
(66.4)
(190.4) 
Other changes 
76.7
 
76.7 
34.9
111.6 
Owner’s net investment at December 31, 
2020 
2,941.2
(67.0)
(91.9)
2,782.3 
803.9
3,586.2 
Net income 
118.1
 
118.1 
69.6
187.7 
Other comprehensive income 
6.2
37.9
119.9
164.0 
48.7
212.7 
Comprehensive income 
124.3
37.9
119.0
282.1 
118.4
400.5 
Dividends distributed in cash 
(103.9)
 
(103.9) 
 
(103.9) 
Increase in combined net assets (a)  
1,061.4
 
1,061.4 
 
1,061.4 
Decrease in combined net assets (a)  
(1,268.3)
 
(1,268.3) 
 
(1,268.3) 
Other changes 
125.4
 
125.4 
 
125.4 
Total transactions with former SUEZ 
(non combined entities) 
(185.5)
 
(185.5) 
 
(185.5) 
Change in interest percentage – full 
consolidation method 
341.6
 
341.6 
(341.6)
 
Change in interest percentage – equity 
method of consolidation. 
153.1
 
153.1 
(153.1)
 
Change in ownership percentages 
494.7
 
494.7 
(494.7)
 
Dividends distributed in cash to non-
controlling interests 
 
 
(49.0)
(49.0) 
Other changes 
 
 
(16.0)
(16.0) 
Owner’s net investment at December 31, 
2021 
3,374.7
(29.1)
28.0
3,373.6 
362.6
3,736.2 
 
(a) 
Main transactions are indicated in note 2. 
NB: The values in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. Rounding may in some cases produce a non-material discrepancy in totals or variances.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
5. Combined statements of cash flows 
(in millions of euros)  
Note 
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Net income 
 
187.8 
(108.2)
Share in net income (loss) of joint ventures 
11.1 
(45.2) 
(36.6)
Share in net income (loss) of associates 
11.2 
(130.1) 
(82.7)
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates 
 
93.3 
67.9
Depreciation, amortization and provisions 
 
621.6 
695.4
Scope effects, other gains and losses on disposal 
 
15.8 
11.4
Other items with no cash impact 
 
19.7 
0.3
Lease contracts impact 
 
(1.8) 
(0.1)
Income tax expense 
7 
100.0 
44.8
Financial income 
6 
80.7 
71.3
Cash flows from operations before financial income/(expense) and 
income tax 
 
941.8 
663.5
Tax paid including withholding tax on royalties 
 
(6.9) 
(44.5)
Change in working capital requirements 
 
11.4 
62.2
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
946.3 
681.2
Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
 
(409.2) 
(455.0)
Takeover of subsidiaries net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 
 
(7.8) 
13.8
Acquisitions of interests in associates and joint-ventures 
 
(37.3) 
(25.6)
Acquisitions of equity instruments 
 
(22.3) 
(5.0)
Disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
 
29.9 
15.1
Disposals of interests in associates and joint-ventures 
 
- 
59.1
Disposals of equity instruments 
 
2.0 
0.2
Loss of controlling interests in subsidiaries net of cash and cash equivalents sold 
 
1.4 
(0.9)
Other interest on financial assets, net 
 
(23.9) 
(1.0)
Dividends received on non-current financial assets 
 
2.7 
2.1
Change in loans and financial receivables 
 
107.1 
36.6
Change in financial assets at fair value through income 
 
(2.9) 
(23.5)
Financial interest received 
 
5.1 
16.3
Flows on financial derivatives qualifying net investment hedges and 
compensation payments on financial derivatives 
 
(1.2) 
5.1
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
(356.4) 
(362.7)
Net impact of restructuring operations to create the “new SUEZ” (a)  
 
106.3 
-
Capital increase/reduction of non controlling interests 
 
(57.5) 
44.5
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 
 
(128.7) 
(210.9)
Increase in loans and financial debt 
12.2.1 
252.3 
747.7
Repayment of lease liabilities 
14 
(144.0) 
(151.6)
Repayment of borrowings and financial debts 
12.2.1 
(584.3) 
(679.4)
Financial interest on lease liabilities 
14 
(7.5) 
(8.8)
Other financial interest paid 
 
(26.9) 
(39.4)
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
(590.3) 
(297.9)
Impact of changes in exchange rates and other 
 
127.4 
(18.5)
Total cash flows for the period 
 
127.0 
2.2
Opening cash and cash equivalents 
 
1,031.0 
1,028.8
Closing cash and cash equivalents 
 
1,158.0 
1,031.0
 
(a) 
The main restructuring operations are indicated in note 2. 
NB: The values in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. Rounding may in some cases produce a non-material discrepancy in totals or variances.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
6. Notes to the combined financial statements 
Note 1 
Basis of presentation, principles and accounting 
policies 
1.1 
Presentation of the New SUEZ 
Creation of the New SUEZ 
On June 29, 2021, the Board of Directors of SUEZ SA approved the proposed public tender offer launched by Veolia for SUEZ SA 
shares at a price of €20.50 per share, with coupon attached. At the same time, as provided for in the merger agreement concluded 
on May 14, 2021 between Veolia and SUEZ SA, a consortium of long-term investors consisting of the Meridiam, GIP funds, Caisse 
des Dépôts and CNP Assurances (hereinafter the Consortium) gaveVeolia and SUEZ SA a final binding offer to purchase the 
New SUEZ perimeter (hereinafter New SUEZ or the combined group) for an enterprise value of €10.4 billion, to which is attached 
a draft purchase agreement, known as the Share and Asset Purchase Agreement or SAPA. 
On October 22, 2021, following the finalisation of the information- consultation procedures with the relevant SUEZ Group 
employee representative bodies, Veolia, SUEZ SA and the Consortium signed a finalised version of the SAPA, the terms and 
conditions of which are in line with those set out in the project publicly announced on 29 June 2021. 
On December 14, 2021, Veolia received authorization from the European Union, along with a list of “remedies” in the hazardous 
waste and industrial water sectors, to launch its public tender offer for the shares of SUEZ SA, thereby lifting the last condition 
precedent to the sale of the New SUEZ perimeter to the Consortium. 
Activities operated by the New SUEZ 
The New SUEZ perimeter consists of controlled entities, assets held and liabilities borne directly or indirectly by SUEZ SA (the 
inventory of which is established in Appendix G1 of the SAPA). The activities included in this scope are: 
 municipal water (Eau France) and solid waste (R&V France) in France (including the main research centre in France: CIRSEE); 
 SUEZ activities, particularly in water and in the following geographies: Italy (including the shares held in Acea), Czech Republic, 
Africa (including Lydec in Morocco), Central Asia, India, China, Australia and the global digital and environmental activities 
(SES); 
 two hazardous waste incinerators in mainland China: Shanghai Industrial Park and Suzhou Industrial Park. 
Terminology 
The entities, assets and liabilities of the New SUEZ perimeter are intended to be grouped together in successive legal 
reorganisation steps under the control of a company called SUEZ SA, indirectly controlled by the Consortium; this company is 
distinct from the head company of the former SUEZ Group, also called SUEZ SA and controlled by VEOLIA since the finalisation 
of its takeover bid. For the sake of clarity: 
 the Former SUEZ Group, which was the subject of a takeover bid by Veolia, will be referred to hereinafter as “Former SUEZ”. 
Its parent company SUEZ SA will be referred to hereinafter as “Former SUEZ Holding company” in the following document; 
 the company SUEZ SA, which is controlled by the Consortium and which is intended to take over the New SUEZ perimeter, will 
be referred to hereinafter as the “New SUEZ Holding Company” . This company is not controlled by Former SUEZ or by VEOLIA. 
1.2 
Basis of presentation of the combined accounts 
The entities, assets and liabilities of the New SUEZ perimeter are intended to be grouped together in successive steps of legal 
reorganisation under the control of the New SUEZ Holding Company. As of December 31, 2021, New SUEZ does not constitute 
an independent legal group. On that basis, and in the context of the refinancing of its acquisition debt by the New SUEZ Holding 
Company, the purpose of the combined accounts of New SUEZ is to present the income and financial position of all the entities, 
assets and liabilities constituting the operational activity of New SUEZ (as defined in the SAPA) prior to this legal reorganisation. 
The combined accounts of New SUEZ as at December 31, 2021 are presented in millions of euros rounded to the nearest hundred 
thousand euros. They were prepared by the Managing Director, Sabrina Soussan and approved by the Board of Directors of 
SUEZ SA (New SUEZ Holding Company) on April 20, 2022. 
These financial statements have been prepared as part of the company’s proposed admission of debt securities on the regulated 
market of Euronext Paris pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 as supplemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/980.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Scope of combination 
The New SUEZ perimeter consists of all the controlled entities, assets held and liabilities borne directly or indirectly by the Former 
SUEZ, the inventory of which is established in Appendix G1 of the SAPA. Note 21 presents the scope of combination. 
The consolidation methods are those used by Former SUEZ in its 2020 and 2021 IFRS accounts. They reflect the level of control 
in 2020 and 2021 of Former SUEZ over the various components of the New SUEZ scope. 
The transfer of New SUEZ to the Consortium by Former took place on January 31, 2022. Nevertheless, as of this date, several 
transfers of subsidiaries or activities remain to be carried out once the contractually or legally required authorisations have been 
obtained. Note 20 sets out the key contributory data relating to the entities still to be transferred. As at the close of the accounts, 
the management of the New SUEZ considers that the completion of these operations is highly probable. 
Autonomy of the New SUEZ perimeter 
The financial statements reflect the autonomy of the New SUEZ perimeter (“costs of doing business”). 
Services rendered to New SUEZ by SUEZ Groupe and SUEZ SA, companies acquired by Veolia, are invoiced via (i) management 
fees, (ii) know-how fees, (iii) brand fees and (iv) direct rebilling. These historical billings are maintained in the combined accounts 
as they reflect the costs of doing business. 
Management has not identified any additional historical costs to be allocated to the New SUEZ scope according to this principle. 
 Shared support functions (management fees): The support functions provided by SUEZ Group and SUEZ SA on behalf of 
the New SUEZ perimeter are invoiced via management fees. They have been maintained in the combined accounts at their 
historical amount of invoicing to New SUEZ. They represent approximately €51m in 2021 and €47m in 2020. 
 Royalties for know-how, brands and intellectual property to be acquired by the New SUEZ perimeter: the use of brands 
and intellectual property is invoiced to the New SUEZ perimeter. Consequently, these assets have not been integrated into the 
combined accounts. They have been maintained in the combined accounts at their historical invoicing amount to New SUEZ. 
They represent approximately €74m in 2021 and €72m in 2020. 
The revenue generated by New SUEZ from the Former SUEZ represents approximately €67.3m in 2021 while the current 
operating income (COI) generated by New SUEZ from the Former SUEZ amounts to approximately €0.8m in 2021. 
Approach to the preparation of the accounts 
The accounting principles and methods and the major assumptions used are those of the Former SUEZ Group. They are detailed 
in Notes 1.3, 1.4 and 1.5. 
The combined financial statements have been prepared using the values of assets (including goodwill and fair value adjustments 
(in accordance with IFRS 3) relating to the relevant activities) and liabilities as reported in the SUEZ Group’s IFRS Consolidated 
Financial Statements for each of the periods presented. 
The assets and liabilities that are not intended to join the New SUEZ perimeter in application of the SAPA, even if they are included 
in the legal assets of the combined entities on December 31, 2021, have been excluded from the combined accounts. The impacts 
on the income statement related to these assets and liabilities have been excluded from the combined result for all periods 
presented. 
Leases (IFRS 16) from the SUEZ Group to New SUEZ are recognised in the combined accounts. 
The hedging instruments included in the combined accounts are those in place in the entities in the combined scope. 
The pension liabilities and plan assets included in the combined accounts are those of all the entities in the combined scope. 
In 2021 as in 2020, the cash and cash equivalents presented in the combined accounts are all those legally owned by the entities 
of the combined scope. In particular, they include cash pooling with non-combined entities of the SUEZ Group. The amounts and 
maturities of loans and borrowings at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 correspond to all the contracts concluded by 
the entities in the New SUEZ scope. 
The tax charge for 2021, like that for 2020, has been recognised on a standalone basis, entity by entity, including for the entities 
in the SUEZ Group’s tax consolidation scope (see Note 1.5.15). 
The results presented do not necessarily reflect what they would have been had the combined group existed as a legally separate 
group for the years presented. 
Consideration of subsequent events 
The combined statement of financial position of the New SUEZ has been prepared using the values of assets and liabilities as 
stated in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Former SUEZ Group as at December 31, 2021. No significant subsequent 
events call this valuation into question. 
1.3 
Accounting Standards 
Pursuant to European Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 of April 29, 2004 on information contained in prospectuses, the 
financial information concerning the assets, financial situation and results of New SUEZ is provided for the financial years 2020

--- Page 132 ---
132 
and 2021 and is prepared in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 ofJuly 19, 2002 on the application of international 
accounting standards (IFRS). As at December 31, 2021, the combined financial statements of New SUEZ comply with the IFRS 
published by the IASB and adopted by the European Union 4. 
The accounting principles used for the preparation of the financial statements as atDecember 31, 2021 have been used in the 
same way as for the year 2020. 
1.3.1 
Standards, amendments and interpretations applied from January 1, 2021 
The texts applied for the first time from 1er January 2021 are the following: 
 Amendment to IFRS 16 – Leases, dealing with Covid-19 rent relief, the impact of which is not significant for New SUEZ; 
 Amendments to IAS 39, IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform phase 2, the impact of which is not significant 
for New SUEZ; 
 IFRS IC decisions published during the year: 
– 
the IFRS IC issued a decision on May 24, 2021 on the timing of the recognition of normal service cost in defined benefit 
plans with all of the following characteristics: 
– 
entitlement to benefits is conditional on being in the company’s employment at the time of retirement, 
– 
the amount of the benefits depends on length of service, 
– 
the amount of the benefit is capped, once the employee reaches a certain number of years of service. 
New SUEZ complied with the IFRIC decision in 2021. The decision led to a reduction in pension provisions of EUR 10 million 
recorded against equity, 
– 
on April 27, 2021, the IFRS IC published a decision on the accounting of configuration/adaptation costs in a Software as 
a Service (SaaS) contract. The decision clarifies the criteria for determining whether configuration/adaptation costs should 
be recognised in the statement of financial position as intangible assets, or as deferred expenses, or as expenses in the 
income statement. As atDecember 31, 2021, the Group is still analysing the application of this decision. 
1.3.2 
IFRS standards and amendments applicable after 2021 and not adopted early 
Standards, amendments and interpretations published by the IASB and adopted by the EU 
 Amendment to IAS37 – Onerous Contracts: Cost of Fulfilling a Contract; 
 Amendment to IAS16 – Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended; 
 IFRS17- Insurance contracts. 
The analysis of the possible impacts of these amendments is ongoing. 
Standards, amendments and interpretations published by the IASB and not yet adopted by the EU 
 Amendment to IAS 8 – Definition of Accounting Estimates; 
 IAS1 amendment and IFRS practice statement 2 (practical application guidance on materiality – disclosure of accounting policies); 
 Amendments to IFRS 1 and IAS12 – Deferred tax on assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction; 
 Amendment to IAS1 – Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current/Non-current. 
The analysis of the possible impacts of these amendments is ongoing. 
1.4 
Use of estimates and judgement 
The economic and financial environment leads New SUEZ to maintain its procedures for monitoring risks on financial instruments 
and operating assets. This environment leading to significant market volatility is taken into consideration by New SUEZ in 
estimates such as business plans and the different discount rates used for both value tests and provision calculations. 
1.4.1 
Estimates 
The preparation of the Combined Financial Statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions in the determination of the 
value of assets and liabilities, the measurement of positive and negative contingencies at the balance sheet date, and the income 
and expenses for the period. 
Due to the uncertainties inherent in any valuation process, the Group revises its estimates on the basis of regularly updated 
information. It is possible that the future results of the operations concerned may differ from these estimates. 
                                                     
4 
Available on the European Commission’s website http://ec.europa.eu/finance/company-reporting/standards-interpretations/index_fr.htm.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
The significant estimates made by New SUEZ for the preparation of the Combined Financial Statements relate mainly to: 
 the measurement at fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination (except for transactions 
relating to previously combined entities; see Note 2); 
 the assessment of the recoverable amount of goodwill, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (see Notes 1.4.1.2); 
 the valuation of financial instruments (see Note 1.4.1.6); 
 the valuation of provisions, in particular provisions for litigation and pension and similar commitments (see Notes 1.4.1.3 and 
1.4.1.4); 
 the assessment of turnover achieved and not recorded, known as “unmetered” (see Note 1.4.1.7); 
 the valuation of margins at completion of construction contracts (see Note 1.4.1.7); 
 the valuation of concession maintenance costs liabilities (see Note 1.4.1.5); 
 the valuation of deferred tax assets on tax loss carry-forwards (see Note 1.4.1.9). 
1.4.1.1 
Fair value measurement of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination (except 
for transactions involving previously combined entities; see Note 2) 
The main assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed include the 
market outlook necessary to value future cash flows and the discount rates to be applied. The values used reflect management’s 
best estimates. 
1.4.1.2 
Recoverable amount of goodwill, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (see Notes 8, 9 
and 10) 
Assumptions and estimates are made in determining the recoverable amount of goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant 
and equipment, which relate in particular to the market outlook, necessary for the assessment of cash flows and the discount rate 
to be applied. Any change in these assumptions could have a significant effect on the amount of recoverable amount and could 
result in the recognition of impairment losses. 
1.4.1.3 
Estimated provisions (see Note 16) 
The parameters that have a significant influence on the amount of the provisions are, in addition to the level of the costs 
themselves, the timing of their occurrence and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. These parameters are established on 
the basis of the information and estimates that the Company considers to be the most appropriate at this time. 
To the best of the Group’s knowledge, there is currently no evidence to suggest that the parameters used as a whole are not 
appropriate and there are no known developments that would significantly affect the amounts provided for. 
1.4.1.4 
Pension liabilities (see Note 17) 
The valuation of pension commitments is based on actuarial calculations. New SUEZ believes that the assumptions used to value 
the commitments are appropriate and justified. However, any change in assumptions could have a significant impact. 
1.4.1.5 
Concession maintenance costs liabilities (see Note 4.1.3) 
This item includes the obligation to renew and restore the facilities by the concession companies. The basis for calculating these 
liabilities is an estimate of the cost of replacing or refurbishing the facilities within the concession’s scope (in accordance with 
IFRIC 12), discounted each year by inflation. Expenses are calculated on a contract-by-contract basis by allocating probable 
renewal and refurbishment expenditure over the life of the contract. 
1.4.1.6 
Financial instruments (see Note 14) 
In order to measure at fair value the financial instruments that are not listed on a market, New SUEZ has to use valuation models 
that are based on a number of assumptions, changes in which could have a significant impact. 
1.4.1.7 
Unmetered water revenue (see Notes 3.2 and 4.1.1) 
The revenue generated by customer segments for which meters are read during the accounting period is estimated at the end of 
the year on the basis of historical data, consumption statistics and sales price estimates. New SUEZ has developed measurement 
and modelling tools that enable it to estimate revenue with a satisfactory degree of reliability and to verify a posteriori that the risks 
of error in estimating the quantities sold and the corresponding revenue can be considered insignificant. This so-called 
“unmetered” revenue estimate mainly concerns the Water operating segment.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
1.4.1.8 
Measurement of the margin at completion of construction contracts (see Note 4.1.3) 
The determination of the margin at completion of construction contracts involves the use of significant estimates that depend on 
the technical solutions chosen, the duration of the project and the uncertainties inherent in its progress. 
Management updates these estimates for the preparation of the combined financial statements on a quarterly basis or more 
frequently in the event of major changes in the progress of the project. Any significant change in the measurement of expenses 
and revenues at completion results in an immediate adjustment to the margin already recognised and modifies the future margin 
on work remaining to be completed (see Note 1.5.11.3). 
1.4.1.9 
Valuation of deferred tax assets on tax losses carried forward (see Note 7) 
Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax loss carryforwards when it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against 
which the unused tax losses can be utilised. The likelihood of future taxable profits is estimated by considering the existence of 
taxable temporary differences arising in the same tax entity and reversing over the same periods to the same tax authority, and 
estimates of future taxable profits. These forecasts of taxable profits and the resulting consumption of tax loss carry-forwards are 
based on profit forecasts as prepared within the framework of the medium-term plan and on additional forecasts where necessary. 
Tax loss carryforwards that originated in New SUEZ entities but that belongs to non-combined entities due to the tax consolidation 
agreements in force in 2020 and 2021 do not give rise to the recognition of deferred tax assets in the combined accounts as they 
do not constitute assets of New SUEZ (see also Note 1.5.15). 
1.4.2 
Judgement 
In addition to the use of estimates, management has made judgements in determining the appropriate accounting treatment for 
certain activities and transactions, particularly where the existing IFRS standards and interpretations do not specifically address 
the accounting issues concerned. 
In particular, New SUEZ has exercised its judgment to: 
 accounting for concession contracts; 
 the classification of non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations, in particular to determine whether their 
disposal is highly probable at the balance sheet date; 
 the groupings of activities and entities to be used for the presentation of operating segments in relation to their economic 
characteristics. 
In accordance with IAS 1, New SUEZ presents current and non-current assets and current and non-current liabilities separately 
in the statements of financial position. In view of the majority of the Group’s activities, it was considered that the criterion to be 
used for classification is the time period for realisation of the asset or settlement of the liability: current if this period is less than 
12 months and non-current if it is more than 12 months. 
1.5 
Accounting policies 
1.5.1 
Scope and methods of integration 
The integration methods (full integration, equity accounting) and the percentages of ownership and interest are identical to those 
used by Former SUEZ in its accounts at 31 December 2021: 
 companies exclusively controlled by Former are fully integrated; 
 Joint activities over which joint control is exercised at the Former SUEZ Group level are combined in proportion to the direct 
rights over the assets and direct obligations over the liabilities; 
 the equity method applies to: 
– 
joint ventures over which Former SUEZ has joint control but only a right to the net assets, 
– 
associates in which Former UEZ has a significant influence. Under this method, a specific line in the combined income 
statement entitled “Share in the result of associated companies” includes the share of the net result of the company 
combined by the equity method. The accounting principles applied by these companies are in accordance with IFRS and 
consistent with the accounting principles of New SUEZ. 
The integration method is determined on a case-by-case basis and is based on an analysis of control, after taking into account 
the presumptions specified in IFRS 10, 11 and IAS 28 revised. 
All intercompany transactions and positions are eliminated in the combined financial statements, according to the procedures 
specific to each integration method. 
The scope of combination used for the preparation of these New SUEZ combined accounts is that presented in Appendix G- 1 of 
the Share and Asset Purchase Agreement (SAPA) signed between SUEZ, Veolia and the Consortium.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
1.5.2 
Conversion methods 
1.5.2.1 
Currency of presentation of the combined accounts 
The combined financial statements of the Group are presented in euro (€). 
1.5.2.2 
Functional currency 
The functional currency of an entity is the currency of the economic environment in which the entity principally operates. In the 
majority of cases, the functional currency is the local currency. However, in some entities, a functional currency other than the 
local currency may be used as long as it reflects the currency of the entity’s primary transactions and economic environment. 
1.5.2.3 
Translation of foreign currency transactions 
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the rate of the day of the transaction. At each 
balance sheet date: 
 monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the closing rate. The resulting exchange 
differences are recognised in the result for the period; 
 non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised at the historical rate prevailing at the date 
of the transaction. 
1.5.2.4 
Translation of financial statements of combined companies with a functional currency other than the 
euro 
The statements of financial position are translated into euro at the year-end exchange rate. Income and cash flows are translated 
using the average exchange rates. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of these combined 
companies are recorded as “translation differences” within “Other comprehensive income”. 
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign 
entity. They are therefore expressed in the functional currency of the entity and translated at the closing rate. 
1.5.3 
Business combinations 
New SUEZ applies the acquisition method as described in IFRS 3 revised. Under this method, it recognises the identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition at their fair value, together with any non-controlling interests in the 
acquiree. These non-controlling interests are measured either at fair value or at the proportionate share in the identifiable net 
assets. New SUEZ determines on a case-by-case basis which option it wishes to apply to account for these non-controlling 
interests. 
1.5.4 
Intangible assets 
Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses. 
1.5.4.1 
Goodwills 
a) 
Definition of Cash Generating Units (CGUs and CGU gooodwill) 
The allocation of goodwill to the CGUs corresponds to the allocation made by Former SUEZ for the purposes of its 2020 and 2021 
consolidated accounts. Note 8.2 specifies the valuation of the CGU goodwill. 
The two main goodwill CGUs are as follows: 
 Water France; 
 Recycling and Recovery France. 
The other CGUs have goodwill of less than EUR 100 million per CGU. 
All goodwills have been tested in 2020 and 2021. 
b) 
Determination of goodwill 
In accordance with IFRS 3, goodwill is measured as the excess of the total: 
i. 
of the transferred consideration;  
ii. the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree; and 
iii. in a business combination achieved in stages, the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree;  
to the net carrying amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
The amount of goodwill recognised on acquisition of control cannot be adjusted after the end of the measurement period.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Goodwill relating to investments in associates and joint ventures is included in “Investments in associates” and “Investments in 
joint ventures” respectively. 
c) 
Valuation of goodwill 
Goodwill is not amortised but is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if there are indications of impairment. Goodwill 
is tested at the level of Cash Generating Units (CGUs) which are homogeneous groups of assets that together generate cash 
flows that are largely independent of the cash flows generated by other CGUs. 
The methods used to perform these impairment tests are presented in Note 1.5.6 “Impairment of property, plant and equipment, 
intangible assets and goodwill”. 
Impairment losses relating to goodwill are not reversible and are presented on the line “Impairment of assets” in the income 
statement. 
Impairment losses on goodwill relating to associates and joint ventures are reported under “share of net income of associates” 
and “share of net income of joint ventures” respectively. 
1.5.4.2 
Other intangible assets 
a) 
Development costs 
Research costs are expensed in the year in which they are incurred. 
Development costs are recognised as assets when the criteria for recognition of an asset as set out in IAS 38 are met. In this 
case, the intangible asset arising from the development is amortised over its useful life. Given the Group’s activities, the amounts 
recognised as development costs in the assets in the statements of financial position are not material. 
b) 
Other intangible assets acquired or produced 
Other intangible assets include: 
 sums paid or to be paid in return for rights attached to the status of concessionaire or operator of public facilities; 
 customer portfolios acquired in business combinations; 
 surface and groundwater drawing rights, which are not amortised, as there is no time limit on their allocation; 
 concession assets; 
 exclusive rights to distribute drinking water in a defined geographical area without time limitation; 
 software. 
Amortisation of intangible assets is recognised on the basis of the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits 
of the asset. If this cannot be reliably determined, the straight-line method is used, based on the useful lives presented in the table 
below: 
Useful life (in years)  
MinimumMaximum
Concession rights – duration of contracts 
10
50
Customer portfolios 
10
25
Other intangible assets 
1
40
 
Certain intangible assets (water rights, etc.), which have an indefinite useful life, are not amortised but are subject to an annual impairment 
test. 
1.5.5 
Property, plant and equipment 
1.5.5.1 
Property, plant and equipment – initial and subsequent valuation 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost of acquisition, production or entry into the Group, less accumulated 
depreciation and any impairment losses. 
The book value of tangible fixed assets is not subject to revaluation, as New SUEZ has not chosen the alternative method of 
regularly revaluing one or more categories of tangible fixed assets. 
Investment grants are deducted from the gross value of the assets for which they were received. 
In application of IAS 16, the cost of the asset includes, at the time of its initial recognition, the costs of restoring the site when 
there is a current legal or constructive obligation to restore the site at the date of entry. A provision is then recognised against a 
component of the “asset”. 
New SUEZ applies IAS 23, which consists of incorporating into the cost of the corresponding asset the borrowing costs incurred 
during the construction period of the qualifying asset.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
1.5.5.2 
Amortization 
In application of the component approach, New SUEZ uses different depreciation periods for each of the significant components 
of the same fixed asset when one of these components has a useful life different from the main asset to which it relates. 
Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over normal useful lives. 
The range of depreciation periods is the result of the diversity of the assets concerned and the contractual terms. The minimum 
periods concern small equipment and furniture, while the maximum periods apply to infrastructure networks. 
The normal useful lives are as follows: 
Main depreciation periods (in years)  
Constructions (a)  
3 to 40 years
Plan and equipment 
2 to 70 years
Transport equipment 
3 to 14 years
 
(a) 
Including fittings. 
Assets recognised against provisions for site restoration are depreciated according to the method specified in Note 16.4. 
1.5.6 
Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill 
In accordance with IAS 36, when events or changes in the market environment or internal factors indicate a risk of impairment of 
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and goodwill, they are tested for impairment. In the case of non-amortisable 
intangible assets and goodwill, impairment tests are performed annually. 
Impairment indicators 
For property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with a finite useful life, this impairment test is only performed when there 
are indications that their value has been impaired. This is generally due to significant changes in the operating environment of the 
assets or to a lower than expected economic performance. 
The main indicators of impairment retained by New SUEZ are: 
 external source of information: 
– 
significant changes in the economic, technological, political or market environment in which the business operates or to 
which the asset is assigned, 
– 
lower demand; 
 internal source of information: 
– 
obsolescence or material deterioration not foreseen in the depreciation plan, 
– 
performance below expectations. 
Loss of value 
Such property, plant and equipment or intangible assets are tested at the level of the relevant asset grouping (single asset or 
Cash Generating Unit) determined in accordance with the requirements of IAS 36. If the recoverable amount is less than the net 
book value, an impairment loss is recognised for the difference between these two amounts. The recognition of an impairment 
loss results in a revision of the depreciable base and possibly the depreciation schedule of the assets concerned. 
Impairment losses in respect of property, plant and equipment or intangible assets may be reversed in the future if the recoverable 
amount becomes higher than the net book value. The value of the asset after reversal of the impairment loss is capped at the 
carrying amount that would have been determined net of depreciation if no impairment loss had been recognised in prior years. 
Assessment of the recoverable amount 
In order to examine the recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill, these are, where 
appropriate, grouped into Cash Generating Units (CGUs) whose carrying amounts can be compared with their recoverable 
amounts. 
For operating entities for which New SUEZ is a going concern and a long-term holding, the recoverable amount of a CGU 
corresponds to the higher of its value in use and fair value less costs to sell. Values in use are determined primarily on the basis 
of discounted operating cash flow projections and a terminal value. Standard valuation methods are used for which the main 
economic data used are: 
 discount rates that depend on the particularities of the operating entities concerned; 
 terminal values consistent with available market data specific to the operating segments concerned and growth rates linked to 
terminal values.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
These discount rates are post-tax rates applied to post-tax cash flows. Their use results in the determination of recoverable 
amounts identical to those obtained by using pre-tax rates on untaxed cash flows, as required by IAS 36. 
Assets for which a decision has been made to sell (within the meaning of IFRS 5) are measured and recognised at the lower of 
their carrying amount and their market value less costs to sell. Where negotiations are in progress, the latter is determined by 
reference to the best estimate that can be made, at the balance sheet date, of their outcome. 
If there is an impairment loss, it is recognised in the income statement under “Impairment of assets”. 
1.5.7 
Leases signed as lessee 
The rental contracts signed by New SUEZ as lessee mainly concern real estate, vehicles and construction equipment. The 
duration of the contracts varies greatly depending on the nature of the leased goods. 
The lessee applies a single accounting model which consists of recording the following items on the date a given lease takes 
effect: 
 a lease liability under liabilities in the statement of financial position; 
 a right to use the leased assets under assets; 
 depreciation of the right of use in the income statement; 
 interest in the income statement and principal payments under lease liability, with the sum of these payments corresponding to 
lease payments made to the lessor. 
The lease liability is equal to the present value of future lease payments. 
Rents included in the calculation of the debt include fixed rents, rents that are fixed in substance i.e. unavoidable, variable rents 
whose variability is only due to the effect of an index or a rate, the exercise price of a purchase option if New SUEZ is reasonably 
certain that it will exercise this option, or early termination penalties if the accounting lease term takes this event into account. 
New SUEZ also pays variable rents, which vary according to the degree of use of the leased assets. These variable rents are 
recognised as operating expenses in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the obligation occurs. The total amount 
for the year 2021 is disclosed in Note 14. 
IFRS 16 recommends discounting future lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the contract if this rate can be readily 
determined, or failing that, using the incremental debt rate of the entity holding the relevant leases. 
As the interest rates implicit in the contracts are not easily determined, New SUEZ has therefore used the marginal debt rates of 
the various entities carrying the leases to calculate the Group’s lease debt. The interest rates determined in this way are those for 
amortised debt. 
After the contracts come into effect, the lease liabilities are increased by the financial interests and decreased by the amounts of 
rent paid. 
The carrying amounts of the liabilities are re-estimated whenever an amendment to a lease agreement or a significant change in 
facts and circumstances at the lessee’s control leads to a change: 
 the accounting period of the lease; 
 the number or nature of the leased goods; 
 of the amount of the rent; 
 the valuation of the exercise of an option to purchase the leased property. 
New SUEZ recognises the rights of use at their initial cost, at the effective date of the lease agreements. 
The initial cost of the rights of use includes mainly the amount of the lease liability, the initial incremental direct costs that have 
been incurred to obtain the contracts and the prepaid rents. It is reduced by the benefits received from lessors at the inception of 
the contracts. 
After the effective date, the rights of use are amortised on a straight-line basis over the accounting period of the contracts. As an 
exception, a right of use is depreciated over the useful life of the leased asset, when New SUEZ has reasonable certainty of 
exercising a purchase option on that asset. 
The carrying amount of the rights of use is adjusted when a re-estimation of the lease liability is made. 
Rights of use are impaired when there is an indicator of impairment at the limits of their Cash Generating Unit, using the same 
criteria as for other depreciable fixed assets. 
Judgement exercised in determining the accounting term of leases 
The lease term under IFRS 16 is the non-cancellable lease term plus: 
 the extension period of the contract, if the contract includes an extension option in the hands of the lessee and the lessee has 
reasonable certainty of exercising it; 
 the period during which the lessee may exercise an option to terminate the contract, if the lessee is reasonably certain not to 
exercise that option.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
New SUEZ has the right to exercise options to extend or terminate certain lease agreements signed as lessee. New SUEZ uses 
its judgement to determine whether it has strong economic incentives to exercise them. 
After the commencement of a lease agreement, New SUEZ shall re-evaluate its accounting period if a significant change in 
circumstances occurs and the change in circumstances: 
 is in his hand; 
 and leads New SUEZ to have a reasonable certainty of exercising an option that had not been taken into account at the time of 
the initial determination of the lease term; or that leads New SUEZ to no longer have a reasonable certainty of exercising an 
option that had initially been taken into account. 
The enforceable period of a contract ends when the tenant and the landlord each have the right to terminate the tenancy 
agreement without the permission of the other party, and without incurring a more than negligible penalty. 
As specified by the IFRIC, the penalties to be taken into account in determining the term of a lease include economic penalties, 
in particular the net book value of fixtures and fittings that are inseparable from the leased assets, which New SUEZ has paid for, 
and which it would lose if it terminated the lease in question. New SUEZ therefore includes the existence of fixtures and fittings 
that are not fully depreciated and would have to be abandoned in the event of termination of the lease in the assessment of the 
lease term. 
The retroactive application of the IFRIC decision did not have a significant impact on the combined accounts of New SUEZ. 
1.5.8 
Stocks 
Inventories mainly consist of recyclable materials awaiting processing or shipment, treatment products used in the water 
production and treatment cycle, and parts and consumables required for the maintenance of water networks and waste treatment 
assets. 
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business less the expected costs of completion or realisation of the sale. 
The cost of inventories is determined using either the first-in, first-out method or the weighted average cost method. 
1.5.9 
Financial instruments 
Financial instruments are recognised and measured in accordance with IFRS 9. 
1.5.9.1 
Classification, measurement and impairment of financial assets 
The financial assets are mainly cash, or rights to receive cash, or equity instruments of other entities. 
They are listed as follows: 
 assets whose cash flows are not interest and principal repayments (equity interests in non-integrated entities, derivative 
instruments); 
 assets whose cash flows are interest and principal repayments (mainly loans and receivables); 
 cash and cash equivalents. 
Financial assets are broken down in the statements of financial position into non-current and current assets. 
a) 
Investments in non-integrated entities 
New SUEZ’s holdings in non-combined companies are classified as: 
 either in the category of equity instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss. This category essentially comprises 
listed securities held in companies in which New SUEZ does not have significant influence; 
 or in the category of Equity instruments measured at fair value through Other comprehensive income, following the irrevocable 
option taken by New SUEZ, security by security, and from the first recognition. Essentially, this category includes unlisted 
securities held in companies in which New SUEZ does not have significant influence. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, equity instruments are recognised: 
 at original cost plus transaction costs when measured at fair value through Other comprehensive income; 
 at their initial cost when they are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction costs are then recognised in the 
income statement at the date of acquisition. 
At each balance sheet date, investments in non-integrated companies are measured and recognised at fair value. For shares in 
listed companies, this fair value is determined on the basis of the stock market price at the relevant balance sheet date. For 
unlisted companies, fair value is estimated using valuation models based mainly on recent market transactions, discounted 
dividends or cash flows, or failing that, on the net book value. 
In accordance with the terms of IFRS 9:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 all impacts related to securities measured at fair value through profit or loss that have been generated after their acquisition 
date are recognised in the income statement: dividends, positive or negative differences between fair value and acquisition 
price throughout the holding of the securities, gains or losses on disposals in particular; 
 impacts related to securities measured at fair value through Other comprehensive income are never recycled in the income 
statement. Positive or negative differences between fair values and acquisition prices are recognised in Other comprehensive 
income throughout the holding period. Gains and losses on disposals are classified as Other comprehensive income, and the 
total accumulated Other comprehensive income relating to the line of securities disposed of is reclassified to the Group’s net 
contribution. Only dividends received impact the Group’s result; 
 there is no recognition of impairment of New SUEZ’s holdings in non-integrated companies. 
b) 
Derivative instruments 
Derivatives are measured and recognised at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement, except 
where derivatives are used as cash flow or net investment hedges (see Note 1.5.9.3). 
c) 
Loans and receivables at amortised cost 
The category mainly includes receivables and loans related to equity investments, current account advances to associated or 
non-combined entities, guarantee deposits, long-term receivables from customers under concession agreements (see 
section 1.5.11.4) and trade and other receivables due within one year. 
On initial recognition, these loans and receivables are carried at fair value plus transaction costs, which in most cases is their 
nominal value. Subsequently, at each balance sheet date, these assets are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
rate method. 
In accordance with the terms of IFRS 9, the New SUEZ entities have established an impairment approach by asset type for 
counterparty risk. 
For trade and rental receivables, they have drawn up risk matrices for non-recovery by homogeneous category of customer, 
adapted to their local realities, with regard to the rates of non-payment observed in the recent past on receivables with a similar 
credit risk profile. They update their matrices at least once a year or more in the light of unforeseeable events with major 
consequences (in 2020, the effect of the Covid-19 pandemic). They use these matrices to calculate impairments now based on 
expected non payment rates for each of the homogeneous customer categories. 
For loans to associates, current account advances to associates and deposits and guarantees, impairment losses are calculated 
based on the expected losses on the individual assets. 
These assets are classified into three categories: 
 situation 1: Assets with no significant deterioration in credit risk, where debtors pay on time or are less than 60 days late; 
 situation 2: Assets with significant credit risk deterioration, where overdues at between 60 days and 180 days late; 
 situation 3: Assets for which deterioration is such that loss is proven, with overdues excedding 180 days. 
Assets classified as situation 1 are subject to impairment for expected losses over a 12-month period. Assets classified as situation 
2 and 3 are subject to impairment for expected losses over their entire life. The amount of the impairment is calculated based on: 
 the probability of default by the debtor; 
 the estimated loss rate if the counterparty defaults, applied to the total value of the asset. 
Impairment losses on loans to associates, current account advances to associates and deposits and guarantees are calculated 
based on the expected losses on the individual assets. 
Receivables arising under concession agreements, where New SUEZ has obtained an unconditional right to receive cash, contain 
a financing component within the meaning of IFRS 15 since customers pay over several years for a service already provided. As 
permitted by IFRS 9, the impairment method used for the calculation of impairment losses on loans and advances in current 
accounts as described above is applied to these receivables. 
The gross values of the receivables are transferred to losses on bad debts in the income statement, when the remedies available 
to New SUEZ to recover these assets are exhausted. The accumulated depreciation on the receivables concerned is then also 
reversed to the income statement. 
Contract assets with customers include amounts due from customers under construction contracts, the calculation of which is 
specified in Note 1.5.11.3. These assets are tested for impairment in accordance with the same rules as trade receivables. 
d) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and short-term investments that are considered liquid, convertible to a known 
amount of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of change in value in accordance with the criteria set out in IAS 7 and held for the 
purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments. 
Bank overdrafts are excluded from the concept of cash and cash equivalents and are recognised as current financial liabilities in 
the statement of financial position.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
1.5.9.2 
Classification and measurement of financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities include financial debts (including bank overdrafts), trade payables, derivative financial instruments and other 
financial liabilities. 
Financial liabilities are broken down in the statements of financial position into non-current and current liabilities. Current financial 
liabilities mainly include: 
 financial liabilities maturing within 12 months of the balance sheet date; 
 derivative financial instruments qualifying as hedges; 
 derivative financial instruments not qualifying as hedges. 
Borrowings and other financial liabilities are measured using the amortised cost method using the effective interest rate. 
On initial recognition, issue premiums/discounts, redemption premiums/discounts and issuance costs are recognised as an 
increase or decrease in the nominal value of the loans concerned. These premiums and discounts are taken into account in the 
calculation of the effective interest rate and are then recognised in the income statement over the life of the borrowings using the 
amortized cost method. 
New SUEZ treats restructurings of financial debts that are not between identical lenders and borrowers as an extinguishment of 
the original debt and a recognition of the new debt. 
Similarly, a renegotiated debt whose value of future cash flows under the new terms (including fees paid to the counterparty bank, 
discounted using the original effective interest rate) differs by more than 10 per cent from the present value of the remaining cash 
flows of the original financial liability, is accounted for as a new debt, because the contractual change is material within the meaning 
of IFRS 9. The original liability is then considered extinguished and removed from the statement of financial position. On this 
occasion, all costs related to the old debt that have not yet been amortised are transferred to the income statement. 
When the change is not material within the meaning of IFRS 9, the initial debt remains recognised in the statement of financial 
position, including the related costs not yet amortised. However, the application of the standard leads New SUEZ to revalue the 
carrying amount of this debt, to take into account the new future cash flows expected over its residual term. The effect of the 
revaluation is recognised in the income statement. 
1.5.9.3 
Derivatives and hedge accounting 
New SUEZ uses derivative financial instruments to manage and reduce its exposure to market risks arising from fluctuations in 
interest rates, exchange rates and commodity prices. The use of derivatives is carried out within the framework of a Group policy 
for managing interest rate, exchange rate and commodity price risks. 
a) 
Definition and scope of derivative financial instruments 
Derivative financial instruments are contracts whose value is affected by changes in one or more observable parameters, which 
do not require a significant initial investment and which provide for settlement at a future date. 
Derivative financial instruments include swaps, forward purchases and forward sales. 
b) 
Accounting and presentation of hedging derivatives 
Derivative financial instruments that qualify as hedging instruments are systematically recognised in the statements of financial 
position at their fair value. However, their accounting treatment varies depending on whether they are qualified as: 
 fair value hedge of an asset or liability; 
 cash flow hedging; 
 hedge of a net investment in a foreign entity. 
Fair value hedge 
A fair value hedge hedges the risk arising from changes in the fair value of assets or liabilities, such as fixed rate loans and 
borrowings, or firm foreign currency assets, liabilities or commitments. 
Changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are recognised in profit or loss for the period. Symmetrically, the hedged item 
is remeasured for the hedged risk through profit or loss for the period even if the hedged item is normally in a category in which 
changes in fair value are recognised in Other comprehensive income or if it is normally carried at amortised cost in the absence 
of a hedge. These two remeasurements offset each other in the income statement, except for the ineffective portion of the hedge. 
Cash flow hedging 
It is the hedging of an exposure arising from the risk of future changes in one or more cash flows affecting the combined result. 
The cash flows hedged may arise from contracts on financial or non-financial assets already reflected in the statements of financial 
position or from future transactions not yet reflected in the statements of financial position, provided that these future flows are 
highly probable. 
Changes in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument are recognised net of tax in Other comprehensive income for the 
effective portion and in profit or loss for the period for the ineffective portion. Gains or losses accumulated in equity must be

--- Page 142 ---
142 
reclassified to profit or loss when the cash flows relating to the hedged item (financial asset or liability) themselves affect the 
income statement. These gains or losses on hedging instruments must be transferred to the same line in the income statement 
as the impacts related to the hedged item, i.e. current operating income for operating flow hedges and financial income for other 
hedges. 
If the hedging relationship is terminated, in particular because it is no longer considered effective, the gains or losses accumulated 
in respect of the derivative instrument are maintained in equity until the hedged transaction matures, unless the entity expects 
that the forecast transaction will not occur, in which case the gains and losses recognised in equity are reclassified immediately 
to the income statement. 
Hedge of a net investment in a foreign entity 
Similar to cash flow hedging, changes in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument are recognised net of tax in Other 
comprehensive income for the effective portion attributable to the hedged foreign currency risk and in profit or loss for the 
ineffective portion. Gains or losses accumulated in equity are reversed through profit or loss at the date of liquidation or disposal 
of the net investment. 
c) 
Identification and documentation of hedging relationships 
New SUEZ identifies the hedging instrument and the hedged item at the inception of the hedge and formally documents the 
hedging relationship by identifying the hedging strategy, the hedged risk and the method used to assess the effectiveness of the 
hedge. Only derivatives traded with counterparties external to the Group are considered eligible for hedge accounting. 
This methodology is consistent with the terms of IFRS 9. 
New SUEZ demonstrates and documents the effectiveness of the hedging relationship from the outset and on an ongoing basis 
throughout the financial years for which the hedge has been designated. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, hedges are considered effective when: 
 there is an economic link between the hedged item and the hedging item; this link exists when the characteristics of the hedging 
instrument (notably the notional amount and maturity date) are highly correlated with those of the hedged item and/or when the 
change in value of the hedging instrument is itself highly correlated with the change in value of the hedged item; 
 the hedge ratio is consistent with the risk management strategy of the company carrying the hedged item; 
 the value of the hedging instrument is virtually uncorrelated with the credit risk of the debtor. 
The effectiveness of hedges is demonstrated prospectively and retrospectively. It is established by using different methodologies, 
mainly based on the comparison between changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedged item and the hedging instrument. 
New SUEZ also uses methods based on statistical correlation analysis between historical prices. 
d) 
Accounting and presentation of non-hedging derivatives 
This includes derivative financial instruments that are economic hedges but have not been or are no longer documented in 
accounting hedging relationships. 
When a derivative financial instrument has not been (or is no longer) qualified as a hedge, its successive changes in fair value 
are recognised directly in profit or loss for the period, within a specific Mark-to-Market or “MtM on financial instruments of an 
operational nature” heading under current operating income for derivatives on non-financial assets and in financial income or loss 
for foreign exchange, interest rate or equity derivatives. 
Derivative financial instruments that do not qualify as hedges are presented in the statement of financial position as current for 
derivatives with a maturity of less than 12 months and as non-current for others. 
e) 
Fair value measurement 
The fair value of instruments quoted in an active market is determined by reference to their quoted price. In this case, these 
instruments are presented in Level 1 fair value measurement. 
The fair value of unlisted financial instruments for which observable market data exists is determined using, among other things, 
the discounted cash flow method. Counterparty risk is taken into account in the valuation of derivative instruments. 
The models used to value these instruments use assumptions based on market data in accordance with IFRS 13: 
 the fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated on the basis of discounted future cash flows; 
 the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swaps is calculated by reference to current prices for contracts 
with similar maturity profiles by discounting the difference in future cash flows (the difference between the forward price of the 
contract and the forward price recalculated according to the new market conditions applied to the notional amount); 
 commodity derivative contracts are valued according to market quotations based on discounted future cash flows (firm contracts: 
commodity swap or commodity forward), and option pricing models (option contracts) for which it may be necessary to observe 
the volatility of market prices. For contracts with maturities exceeding the depth of transactions for which prices are observable 
or which are particularly complex, valuations may be based on internal assumptions; 
 in the case of complex contracts negotiated with independent financial institutions, New SUEZ exceptionally uses valuations 
made by the counterparties.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
These instruments are presented in Level 2 fair value measurement, except where their measurement is significantly dependent 
on unobservable inputs. In the latter case, they are presented in level 3 fair value measurement. These are most often derivative 
financial instruments whose maturity exceeds the observability horizon of the forward prices of the underlying asset of liability or 
for which certain parameters such as the volatility of the underlying were not observable. 
1.5.10 
Provisions 
1.5.10.1 
Provisions for post-employment and other long-term employee benefits 
Depending on the laws and practices of each country, New SUEZ companies have obligations in terms of retirement, early 
retirement, severance pay and other similar benefits. These obligations generally exist for all employees of the companies 
concerned. 
The measurement and accounting methods used by New SUEZ for pension and other employee benefit obligations are those set 
out in IAS 19 Revised. As a result: 
 the cost of defined contribution plans is recognized in the income statement on the basis of contributions payable for the period; 
 the valuation of the amount of pension and similar commitments, when they represent defined benefits, is carried out on the 
basis of actuarial valuations. These calculations include assumptions on mortality, staff turnover and salary projections that take 
into account the economic conditions specific to each country or company. Discount rates are determined by reference to the 
yield, at the valuation date, on bonds issued by senior companies (or by the government if there is no representative market for 
private debt) in the area concerned. A discount rate curve has been selected by currency area and applied to the debt and to 
the components of the current expense (Service Cost and Net Interest). 
The IFRS IC issued a decision on 24 May 2021 on the timing of normal service cost recognition in defined benefit plans with all 
of the following characteristics: 
 the definitive acquisition of the benefits is conditional on the presence in the company at the time of retirement; 
 the amount of benefits depends on seniority; 
 the amount of the benefit is capped once the employee reaches a certain number of years of service. 
New SUEZ has complied with the IFRIC decision in 2021. 
The decision has been applied retroactively as a change in accounting policy under the terms of IAS8. 
Amounts relating to plans where the obligation less unrecognised past service costs exceeds the fair value of the plan assets are 
included in liabilities under provisions. When the value of the planned assets (capped, if applicable) exceeds the obligations, the 
net amount is presented on the assets side of the statements of financial position under current or non-current “Other assets”. 
For post-employment benefits, New SUEZ recognises actuarial gains and losses resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions 
and experience adjustments directly in Other comprehensive income. Where applicable, adjustments arising from the capping of 
net assets relating to overfunded plans follow the same method. 
For other long-term benefits such as long-service awards, actuarial gains and losses continue to be recognised immediately in 
the income statement. 
The net interest cost (income) in respect of defined benefit plans is recognised in the financial result. 
1.5.10.2 
Other provisions 
New SUEZ recognises a provision when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) to a third party as a result of a past 
event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation without any expected consideration. 
A provision for restructuring is recognised when the general criteria for establishing a provision are met, there is a detailed formal 
plan and New SUEZ has created a valid expectation among those affected that it will implement the restructuring either by starting 
to execute the plan or by announcing its main features to them. 
Provisions with a maturity of more than 12 months are discounted when the effect of discounting is significant. The main types of 
long-term provisions, excluding provisions for post-employment benefits, are provisions for site restoration (Recycling and 
Recovery business). The discount rates used reflect current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific 
to the liability concerned. Expenses corresponding to the unwinding of the discount on long-term provisions are recognised in the 
financial result (under “other financial income and expenses”). 
Whenever there is a current legal or constructive obligation to restore a site, New SUEZ records a provision for site restoration. 
The counterpart of the provision for reconstitution is included in the book value of the asset concerned. Adjustments to the amount 
of the provision resulting from a subsequent revision of the amount of the resource outflow, the date of occurrence of the 
restoration or the discount rate are symmetrically deducted from or added to the cost of the corresponding asset. The effects of 
the unwinding of discounting are recognised in profit or loss for the year. 
1.5.11 
Turnover 
Revenue corresponds to income from contracts signed with customers. It is calculated and recognised in accordance with the 
principles of IFRS 15.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
New SUEZ determines the performance obligations included in the contracts signed with its customers. Most contracts include 
only one performance obligation. 
Where a contract includes both a construction activity and a facility operation activity, two performance obligations are 
distinguished. The overall contract revenue is then split between construction and operation activities in accordance with IFRS 15. 
New SUEZ only recognises the variable part of turnover, depending on the degree of achievement of contractual targets (bonuses 
or penalties), if it is highly unlikely that there will be a significant downward adjustment in future accounting periods. 
New SUEZ recognises its revenue when control of the goods or services promised to the customer is transferred, which occurs 
either on delivery (i.e. when control is transferred to the buyer) or on an ongoing basis (services and construction activity 
recognised on a percentage of completion basis), often under long-term contracts. 
It only records the turnover of his co-contractors as the main actor if he: 
 bears primary responsibility for the conduct and completion of the overall service; 
 carries out a major task of integrating the various works carried out by the co-contractors; 
 and carries out extensive technical supervision work so that it takes control of all the goods or services performed, before 
transferring that control to the client. 
Turnover includes revenues from the following businesses: 
 Water; 
 Recycling and Recovery; 
 Engineering contracts, construction contracts and services. 
1.5.11.1 
Water 
Revenue is recognised on the basis of volumes delivered to the customer in the water supply business, whether these volumes 
have been specifically billed (“metered”) or estimated on the basis of the performance of the supply networks. As permitted by 
IFRS 15 and for simplification purposes, revenue corresponds to volumes delivered multiplied by a tariff per m³ (see Note 1.4.1.7). 
For sanitation or effluent treatment, the price of the service is either included in the water supply bill or is billed specifically to the 
local authority or industrial customer. 
The revenue recognition rules for concession contracts are detailed in Note 1.5.11.4. 
1.5.11.2 
Recycling and Recovery 
Turnover is recognised: 
 according to the tonnages collected and the service provided by New SUEZ, in the waste collection activity; 
 according to the volumes of waste treated and the related income from waste recovery, in incineration (sale of heat and 
electricity in particular) and sorting (sale of raw materials – paper, cardboard, glass, metals, plastics). 
As allowed under IFRS 15 and for simplification purposes, revenue is calculated as the tonnage of waste processed multiplied by 
a price per tonne. 
The revenue recognition rules for concession contracts are detailed in Note 1.5.11.4. 
1.5.11.3 
Engineering contracts, construction contracts and service contracts 
Revenue is recognised, based on the stage of completion of costs, in the engineering, construction and equipment sales activities. 
When it is likely that the total unavoidable direct costs of the contract will exceed the total expected economic benefits to be 
received from the contract, New SUEZ immediately recognises a loss on completion as an expense for the period. Possible losses 
on completion are calculated at the contract level by applying IAS 37 and not for each service obligation. 
Partial payments received on these so-called construction contracts, before the related work has been performed, are recognised 
as advances and deposits received within contract liabilities (see also Note 1.5.13). 
The positive difference between the cumulative amount of recognised revenue and progress billings is recorded as “amounts due 
from customers on construction contracts” within contract assets (see Note 1.5.13). If negative, this difference is recognised in 
“amounts due to customers on construction contracts” within contract liabilities. 
1.5.11.4 
Concession contracts 
A significant portion of the activities in the Water and Recycling & Recovery businesses are carried out under concession 
contracts, in particular to operate drinking water production and distribution, wastewater treatment and waste incineration facilities. 
SIC 29 – Service Concession Arrangements – Disclosures deals with the disclosures to be made in the notes to the financial 
statements regarding concession arrangements.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
IFRIC 12 is the interpretation that specifies the common features of concession agreements: 
 the concession grantor, usually a public authority, is obliged to provide a public service which it delegates to New SUEZ acting 
as the concessionaire (decisive criterion); 
 the concessionaire New SUEZ is responsible for the management of the associated infrastructure and the provision of the public 
service itself, not just an agent acting on orders; 
 the concessionaire New SUEZ has more or less extensive obligations to expand or improve the existing infrastructure, and in 
any case an obligation to maintain this infrastructure in good condition; 
 the price and the conditions (regulation) of price revision are fixed at the origin of the contract. 
For a concession arrangement to be included in the scope of IFRIC 12, the infrastructure must be controlled by the grantor. Control 
of the infrastructure by the grantor is achieved when the following two conditions are met: 
 the grantor controls or regulates the public service, i.e. it controls or regulates the services to be provided by the infrastructure 
under concession and determines to whom and at what price they are to be provided; and 
 the grantor controls any residual interest in the infrastructure at the end of the contract. This control is most often reflected in 
the grantor’s right to take over the infrastructure at the end of the contract. 
IFRIC 12 applies in the context of IFRS 15. Concession contracts usually include two performance obligations: construction and 
operation: 
 construction services include the creation of new infrastructure, the extension or improvement of existing infrastructure, financed 
by the concessionaire, and which allow future economic benefits to be created. Revenue from construction services is 
recognised in all cases using the percentage-of-completion method, since the infrastructure is built on the customer’s site. The 
customer takes control of the infrastructure as it is built. The accounting counterpart of the revenue is a contract asset (see 
Note 1.6.15), as long as construction is in progress. At the date of commissioning, the contract asset is reclassified, depending 
on how New SUEZ is remunerated for the service. 
Thus: 
– 
the asset becomes a receivable, and therefore a financial asset, when the concessionaire obtains the unconditional right 
to receive a predetermined amount of cash, either directly from the concession grantor, or indirectly through guarantees 
given by the concession grantor on the amount of cash received from the users of the public service (via, for example, a 
contractually guaranteed Internal Rate of Return) The receivable contains a financing component within the meaning of 
IFRS 15 since the customer pays over several years for a service already provided by New SUEZ. This accounting scheme 
applies in particular to BOT (Build Operate Transfer) contracts signed with local authorities and relating to public services 
(water treatment, household waste incineration), 
– 
when the concessionaire does not obtain an unconditional right to receive a predetermined amount of cash, the asset 
becomes an intangible asset: the concessionaire then benefits from a simple right to invoice the users of the public service; 
the concessionaire is paid in substance by the user. This scheme corresponds to the majority of New SUEZ concession 
contracts, 
– 
finally, when the concessionaire obtains this unconditional right to receive cash only for part of its construction service, the 
counterpart of the turnover is a financial asset for this part, and an intangible asset for the remaining amount; 
 the operating service includes the day-to-day operation of the infrastructure, the provision of the operating service to the 
customer (drinking water distribution; waste treatment, etc.) and the provision of replacement services to maintain the facilities 
in good condition. 
The amounts received from the customer under the concession agreement are split between construction fees and operating fees 
in accordance with IFRS 15 and IFRIC 12: 
 when the asset created is a receivable, the amounts received from the client in compensation for the construction service are 
recorded partly as interest income in revenue, and partly as repayment of the principal of the receivable; the amount received 
in compensation for the operating service is recorded in revenue; 
 when the asset created is an intangible asset, it is amortised over the term of the concession agreement. All amounts received 
from the customer are fully recognised as revenue. 
Fixed assets received free of charge from the grantor, as items of infrastructure to which the concessionaire is given access for 
the purposes of the service agreement, which cannot be sold and which are returned free of charge to the grantor at the end of 
the contract, are not included in the statement of financial position. 
New SUEZ may be liable to make payments to the grantor in certain circumstances. If these payments are not made in exchange 
for goods or services that are separate from the concession agreement, these payments constitute, by application of IFRIC 12: 
 a reduction in the selling price of the infrastructure, recognised as an operating expense, when the consideration for the 
construction service is a financial asset; 
 an increase in the intangible asset when the consideration for the construction work is an intangible asset, and the payments 
to the grantor are fixed; the amount of this increase in the intangible asset is the present value of the future fixed payments; 
 an operating expense when the consideration for the construction service is an intangible asset, and the payments to the grantor 
are variable.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Renewal expenses correspond to obligations provided for in the contracts, the terms of which may differ (contractual rehabilitation 
obligation, contractual renewal plan, contractual monitoring account, etc.). 
They are recognised either as an asset in the statement of financial position as an intangible asset or a financial asset according 
to the model applicable to the contract if they generate future economic benefits (renewal with improvement), or as an expense 
in the opposite case (identical renewal). 
A concession asset or liability is recognised for replacement expenditure when, at a given date, there is a time lag between the 
contractual commitment and its realisation. 
The amounts are calculated per contract according to the obligations of each contract. 
1.5.12 
Costs of obtaining and enforcing contracts 
IFRS 15 also establishes principles for accounting for the costs of obtaining and performing contracts with customers. 
New SUEZ recognises as an asset in the statement of financial position all significant incremental costs of obtaining contracts 
signed with customers, when these costs were incurred after the date on which it obtained virtual certainty of being awarded the 
contracts. These incremental costs are the costs it incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it would not have incurred had 
it not been awarded the contract (e.g. commissions paid to sales staff when obtaining contracts). 
New SUEZ also recognises the costs of executing contracts as an asset in the statement of financial position, when these costs: 
 are directly linked to a specific contract (direct labour costs, costs that can be re-invoiced to the client, raw material costs); 
 provide the Group with new or increased resources that will be used to meet, or continue to meet, a performance obligation in 
the future; 
 and that it expects to recover these costs. 
The assets thus recognised on the costs of obtaining and executing contracts are then amortised in the income statement as the 
services are provided to the client. They appear under the heading “Depreciation, amortisation and provisions” in the combined 
income statement and are thus included in current operating income. 
1.5.13 
Contract assets and liabilities 
New SUEZ presents the trade receivables corresponding to the unconditional right to receive cash in exchange for contractual 
obligations already fulfilled as an isolated asset in the statement of financial position. 
There are also situations where it has partially fulfilled its obligations under contracts signed with customers but has not yet 
obtained an unconditional right to collect, for example because a technical milestone has not been reached at the balance sheet 
date. These situations lead to the presentation of the assets concerned on two separate lines in the statement of financial position: 
“Non-current contract assets” and “Current contract assets”. Contract assets are impaired, as soon as impairment losses on these 
assets are expected, by applying the same principles as those described in Note 1.5.9 for impairment losses on trade receivables. 
There are also contract liabilities with customers, incurred because the customers have already paid for services that New SUEZ 
has not yet performed (advance payments received for services not yet performed; deferred income). They are isolated on two 
separate lines: “Non-current contract liabilities” and “Current contract liabilities”. 
1.5.14 
Current operating profit (COI) 
Current Operating Income is an indicator used by New SUEZ that makes it possible to present “a level of operating performance 
that can be used for a forward-looking approach to recurring performance” (in accordance with Recommendation ANC 2013-03, 
relating to the format of financial statements of companies under international accounting standards). Indeed, the COI is a 
management balance that facilitates the understanding of the Group’s performance by excluding items that, by nature, have an 
insufficient degree of predictability, given their unusual, abnormal or infrequent nature. For the Group, these items correspond to 
impairment losses on assets, restructuring charges, scope effects, other disposal results and non-recurring items. They are 
defined as follows: 
 impairment losses on assets: this heading includes impairment losses on goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and 
equipment, investments in associates and equity instruments; 
 restructuring costs: These are costs corresponding to a programme planned and controlled by management, which significantly 
modifies either the scope of the company’s activity or the way in which this activity is managed, in accordance with the criteria 
provided for by IAS 37; Also included in 2021 are: 
– 
the one-off impact of bonuses distributed to employees of the combined scope by the combined companies and linked to 
the completion of the VEOLIA takeover bid over the former SUEZ, 
– 
and the early payment of deferred compensation schemes set up within the Former SUEZ, and from which the employees 
of the combined companies benefited; 
 perimeter effects. This line includes: 
– 
direct acquisition costs in the event of a takeover, 
– 
the effects of revaluations, at acquisition date fair value, of previously held interests in the case of step acquisitions, 
– 
subsequent changes in the fair value of earn-outs,

--- Page 147 ---
147 
– 
the results of disposals of shareholdings that lead to a change in the method of combination and, where applicable, the 
effects of revaluation of retained interests; 
 other gains and losses on disposals and non-recurring items: this heading includes in particular gains and losses on disposals 
of non-current assets and equity instruments; 
 other non-recurring operations. 
1.5.15 
Cash flow statements 
The statements of cash flows are prepared using the indirect method from net income. 
Interest received from non-current financial assets“ is classified as a flow from investing activities because it represents a return 
on investment. Interest received on cash and cash equivalents” is classified as a flow from financing activities because it reduces 
the cost of obtaining financial resources. 
Impairment losses on current assets are treated as definitive losses; consequently, the change in current assets is presented net 
of impairment. 
The flows related to the payment of taxes are isolated. 
In accordance with the terms of IAS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows”, the cash and cash equivalents item in the statement of cash 
flows includes bank overdrafts when the counterparty bank can demand repayment on demand of the negative balance and when 
the balance of the accounts concerned regularly changes from a negative to a positive position. In this case, the ‘combined 
statement of cash flows’ includes explanations of the reconciling items to the cash and cash equivalents item in the statement of 
financial position. 
1.5.16 
Taxes 
New SUEZ calculates its income taxes in accordance with the tax legislation in force in the countries where the results are taxable. 
The tax charge at 31 December 2021 has been recognised on a standalone basis, entity by entity, including for entities included 
in the tax consolidation groups. 
In application of the French tax consolidation agreement, the deficits recognised during the period of membership of the French 
tax consolidation of the former SUEZ are the property of the Former SUEZ. As a result, no deferred tax assets have been 
recognised in respect of these deficits in the combined financial statements presented. 
All of each entity’s temporary differences (which form the basis of deferred tax assets and liabilities) are recognised in the 
combined financial statements. 
In accordance with IAS 12, temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the combined financial 
statements and their tax bases result in the recognition of deferred tax using the liability method at tax rates enacted or 
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. 
However, in accordance with the requirements of IAS 12, no deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences arising from 
goodwill whose impairment is not deductible or from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a 
business combination and affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit at the transaction date. 
New SUEZ does not recognise deferred tax at the date of first recognition of the leases, since at this date the temporary differences 
relating to the lease assets and liabilities are fully offset. However, deferred taxes are recognised after the effective date of the 
leases in the amount of the temporary differences between the book value and the tax value that are no longer offset due to the 
differences in the book value of the lease assets and liabilities. 
Furthermore, a deferred tax asset is only recognised if it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible 
temporary differences can be utilised. 
A deferred tax liability is recognised for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates, 
joint ventures and investments in branches unless New SUEZ is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary 
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
Deferred tax balances are determined on the basis of the tax position of each company or the aggregate result of the companies 
included in the relevant tax consolidation group and are presented as assets or liabilities in the statements of financial position for 
their net position by tax entity. 
Deferred taxes are reviewed at each balance sheet date to take into account the impact of changes in tax legislation and the 
prospects for recovery of deductible temporary differences. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Note 2 
Major operations 
2.1 
Main internal reorganisations within the SUEZ Group during the 2021 financial 
year and impacting the entities of the New SUEZ combination scope 
In view of the acquisition by the Consortium of New SUEZ, several acquisition and disposal transactions within Former SUEZ 
were carried out between the combined and non-combined perimeters. The transactions that impact the combined accounts 
consist of: 
 purchases by combined companies of shares in already combined companies; 
 disposals by combined companies of shares in non-combined companies. 
The impact on the combined net assets of the acquisition by combined companies of the previously combined entities corresponds 
mainly to: 
 €404.9m to acquire the shares of Acea (previously combined entity) from Former SUEZ Holding (uncombined entity); 
 €251.4m to acquire the shares of R&V Réunion (previously combined entity) from SUEZ Groupe (non-combined entity); 
 €69.4m to acquire the Ovak shares (previously combined entity) from SUEZ Groupe (non-combined entity); 
 €27.8m to acquire the Vak shares (previously combined entity) from SUEZ Groupe (non-combined entity); 
 €26.4m to acquire the BVK shares (previously combined entity) from SUEZ Groupe (non-combined entity); 
 €514.9m to acquire the shares of companies in the Water Asia perimeter (previously combined entities) from SITA Asia Pacific 
(non-combined entity). 
These amounts make up the bulk of the “Decrease in combined net assets” line, which amounts to €1,268.3m on the statement 
of changes in combined net assets. 
The impact on the combined net assets of the disposal of non-combined entities by combined companies is mainly due to: 
 €464.8m to dispose of the shares of IWS (non-combined entity) by R&V France (combined entity); 
 €244.6m to dispose of the shares in SUEZ Australia (non-combined entity) by SUEZ International (combined entity); 
 €267.4m to dispose of the OSIS shares (non-combined entity) by R&V France (combined entity). This transaction is not related 
to the acquisition by the Consortium. 
These amounts make up the bulk of the line “Increases in combined net assets” which amounts to €1061.4m in the statement of 
changes in combined net assets. 
The impact of these transactions on cash and cash equivalents is presented under the heading “Net effect of reorganisation 
operations for the creation of New SUEZ” in statements of combined cash flow for a total of €106.3m. 
The difference between this positive cash flow and the sum of the increases and decreases in combined net assets (negative 
cash flow of €207m) is mainly explained by the part of the acquisition price that remained unpaid at closing date and is recorded 
under current liabilities in the statements of financial position. 
2.2 
Acquisition by SUEZ Asia Ltd (non-combined entity) of minority interests in SUEZ 
NWS (combined entity) and Suyu (combined entity) in China 
On January 11, 2021, Former SUEZ announced the signing of an agreement with its historical partner NWS Holdings Limited 
(NWS) to acquire NWS’s minority interests in all of the two Groups’ joint operations in Greater China. These acquisitions 
strengthen Former SUEZ presence in Greater China and simplify the structure of its activities in the region. Upon completion of 
the transaction, Former SUEZ owned 100% of SUEZ NWS and Suyu. 
On 11 May 2021, Former SUEZ announced the completion of the acquisition of NWS’s (NWS Holdings Limited) 50% indirect 
stake in Suyu through its subsidiary NWS Hong Kong Investment Limited (NWS HKI). 
Following the acquisition of the indirect 50% stake in NWS, Former SUEZ owned 100% of Suyu. 
On 15 November 2021, the acquisition of the entire 42% minority stake in SUEZ NWS was finalised. 
These acquisitions were made by SUEZ Asia Ltd, which is not included in the scope of combination. These operations had an 
impact on the combined net assets, group share, of €494.7m.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Note 3 
Operating segments information 
3.1 
Reportable segments 
In both 2020 and 2021, the New SUEZ perimeter was part of the Former SUEZ. The reportable segments presented below are 
therefore those that were used by the Former SUEZ. 
In accordance with the provisions of IFRS 8 – Segment Reporting, four reportable segments grouping the activities of the various 
regions and/or business units have been retained by Former SUEZ to present its segment reporting; they have been identified on 
the basis of internal reporting, in particular those monitored by the Executive Committee of Former SUEZ, made up of Former 
SUEZ’s main operational decision makers: 
The subsidiaries of New SUEZ are thus divided into the following reportable segments: 
 Water: water distribution and treatment services, particularly under concession contracts (water management). They are 
delivered to individuals, local authorities or industrial clients; 
 Recycling and Recovery: services and treatment of waste vis-à-vis local authorities and industrial clients. They include 
collection, sorting, recycling, composting, energy recovery and landfill, for ordinary waste; 
 ETS: This segment includes all water services for the industrial customer segment, hazardous Waste Services and treatment 
as well as services, technologies and solutions (SMART) tailored to the specific needs of industrial or municipal customers 
(Advanced Solutions) and Consulting services; 
 segment “Other”. 
3.2 
Key indicators by reportable segments 
In both 2020 and 2021, the New SUEZ perimeter was part of the Former SUEZ. The key indicators presented below are therefore 
those used by the former SUEZ. EBITDA, EBIT, Capital Employed and Investments indicators are reconciled to the combined 
financial statements. 
Turnover 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non-
Group
Group
Total 
Non-
Group
Group
Total
Water 
3,679.3 
2.3 3,681.6 
3,515.5
13.3
3,528.8
Recycling and Recovery 
3,441.8 
44.5
3,486.3 
2,733.6
48.7
2,782.3
ETS 
360.9 
38.5
399.4 
323.8
87.2
411.0
Other 
52.2 
-
52.2 
35.8
89.4
125.2
Intercompany eliminations 
(85.3) 
(85.3) 
(238.6)
(238.6)
Total revenues 
7,534.2 
-
7,534.2 
6,608.7
-
6,608.7
 
EBITDA 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Water 
907.1 
812.2
Recycling and Recovery 
489.8 
349.8
ETS 
36.1 
19.4
Other 
21.2 
1.3
Total EBITDA 
1,454.2 
1,182.7

--- Page 150 ---
150 
EBIT 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Water 
379.2 
256.8
Recycling and Recovery 
170.5 
(3.5)
ETS 
4.7 
(13.2)
Other 
(9.4) 
(23.7)
Total EBIT 
545.0 
216.4
 
Depreciation and amortization 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Water 
(295.2) 
(284.2)
Recycling and Recovery 
(250.8) 
(264.8)
ETS 
(30.3) 
(28.0)
Other 
(9.3) 
(17.5)
Total depreciation and amortization 
(585.6) 
(594.5)
 
Capital employed 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Water 
3,405.3 
3,915.1
Recycling and Recovery 
1,500.7 
1,595.3
ETS 
291.3 
228.0
Other 
14.2 
(422.8)
Total Capital employed 
5,211.5 
5,315.6
 
Investments in property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and financial assets 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Water 
(224.2) 
(256.1)
Recycling and Recovery 
(189.6) 
(226.6)
ETS 
(77.3) 
(23.5)
Other 
14.4 
34.3
Total investments 
(476.6) 
(471.8)

--- Page 151 ---
151 
3.3 
Key indicators by geographical area 
The indicators below are broken down: 
 destination of products and services sold for revenues; 
 geographical location of combined companies for capital employed. 
(in millions of euros)  
Revenues 
Capital Employed
December 31, 
2021 
December 31, 
2020
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
France 
4,601.3 
4,183.2
2,063.6 
2,340.9
Europe 
1,061.1 
719.7
892.5 
849.8
Rest of the world 
1,871.8 
1,705.8
2,255.4 
2,124.9
Total 
7,534.2 
6,608.7
5,211.5 
5,315.6
 
3.4 
Reconciliation of indicators with financial statements 
3.4.1 
Reconciliation of EBIT and EBITDA to current operating income 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Current operating income 
296.2 
25.0
(+) Share in net income of equity-accounted companies considered as core business 
175.2 
119.3
(-) Others 
73.5 
72.1
EBIT 
544.9 
216.4
(-) Net depreciation, amortization and provisions 
608.3 
690.1
(-) Share-based payments (a)  
19.5 
-
(-) Disbursements under concession contracts 
281.6 
276.2
EBITDA 
1,454.2 
1,182.7
 
(a) 
Excluding cash compensation plans (granting performance units plan and long-term incentive plan). 
3.4.2 
Cost of doing Business 
Former SUEZ did not include in the definition of its EBIT and EBITDA indicators the know-how and brand royalties invoiced to its 
subsidiaries. However, according to the Management of New SUEZ, these represent a part of the cost of doing business. The 
table below shows the impact that the integration of these amounts would have on EBIT and EBITDA. 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
EBIT 
544.9 
216.4
(-) Know-how and brand royalties 
73.5 
72.2
EBIT including royalties 
471.4 
144.2
 
 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
EBITDA 
1,454.2 
1,182.7
(-) Know-how and brand royalties 
73.5 
72.2
EBITDA including royalties 
1,380.7 
1,110.5

--- Page 152 ---
152 
3.4.3 
Reconciliation of capital employed to the statement of financial position headings 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
(+) Tangible and intangible assets, net 
2,927.6 
2,962.0
(+) Goodwill, net 
999.4 
959.6
(+) Rights of use 
467.5 
573.8
(+) Equity instrument (excluding marketable securities and impact of revaluation to fair value) 
88.8 
123.6
(+) Loans and receivables carried at amortized cost (excluding assets related to financing) 
757.2 
795.7
(+) Investments in joint ventures (excluding Other comprehensive income net of taxes) 
626.7 
851.4
(+) Investments in associates (excluding Other comprehensive income net of taxes) 
1,677.0 
778.3
(+) Trade and other receivables 
2,491.9 
2,327.3
(+) Inventories 
209.8 
192.5
(+) Contracts assets 
363.4 
333.9
(+) Other current and non-current assets 
918.5 
1,037.7
(-) Provisions and actuarial losses/gains on pensions plans 
(802.4) 
(747.0)
(-) Trade and other payables 
(2,225.9) 
(1,660.7)
(-) Contracts liabilities 
(726.4) 
(755.2)
(-) Other current and non-current liabilities 
(2,555.2) 
(2,456.6)
(-) Other financial liabilities 
(6.5) 
(0.7)
Capital employed 
5,211.5 
5,315.6
 
3.4.4 
Reconciliation of investments with the statement of cash flows 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
(409.2) 
(455.0)
Takeover of subsidiaries net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 
(7.8) 
13.8
Acquisitions of interests in associates and joint-ventures 
(37.3) 
(25.6)
Acquisitions of equity instruments 
(22.3) 
(5.0)
Total investments 
(476.6) 
(471.8)
 
Note 4 
Current operating income 
4.1 
Turnover 
4.1.1 
Turnover by nature 
The breakdown of New SUEZ’s turnover by type of service is as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Water, Recycling and Recovery 
429.1 
406.7
Construction contracts, equipment sales, engineering and other services 
6,314.0 
5,545.6
Sale of chemical treatments for industrial water 
791.1 
656.4
Total 
7 534.2 
6 608.7

--- Page 153 ---
153 
4.1.2 
Backlog 
The order book represents future revenue on contracts signed with customers for the following activities: construction contracts 
(excluding new works and concessions), equipment sales and engineering. 
The breakdown of the order book is as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Total 
Less than a year From 1 to 5 years
Beyond 5 years
December 31, 2021 
1,159.6 
582.5
538.1
39
December 31, 2020 
1,221.8 
509.4
642.2
70.2
 
4.1.3 
Contract assets and liabilities 
Contract assets and liabilities include balances due to or from customers under construction contracts: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non 
current 
Current 
Non 
current
Current
Contracts assets 
67.2 
296.1 
66.2
267.7
Contracts liabilities 
133.8 
592.6 
103.6
651.6
 
Contract assets and liabilities include balances due to or from customers under construction contracts: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Amounts due from customers under construction contracts 
168.6 
128.4
Amounts due to customers under construction contracts 
239.5 
154.6
Net position 
(70.9) 
(26.2)
 
In addition, at the balance sheet date, the costs and margins incurred on construction contracts in progress are as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Cumulated costs incurred and margins recognized 
4,352.0 
3,898.4
Advances received 
174.0 
210.3
Retentions 
47.1 
21.7
 
4.2 
Personnel costs 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Short-term benefits 
(1,807.2) 
(1,709.4)
Share-based payments or by cash payment 
(30.9) 
1.4
Post-employment benefit obligations and other long-term benefits 
(9.8) 
(46.8)
Total 
(1 847.9) 
(1,754.8)
 
Short-term benefits correspond to salaries and costs recognised during the period. Their variation between 2020 and 2021 is 
mainly explained by the mechanisms for reducing social security charges and short-time working implemented by the authorities 
in France in 2020 (COVID impacts). 
Post-employment and other long-term benefits are disclosed in Note 17. The amount corresponds to the expenses for defined 
benefit pension plans (see Note 17.2.3).

--- Page 154 ---
154 
4.3 
Depreciation, amortisation and provisions 
The amounts shown below are net of reversals. 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Amortization 
(585.6) 
(594.3)
Depreciation of inventories, trade receivables and other assets 
(7.5) 
(62.8)
Net change in provisions (a)  
(15.2) 
(33.0)
Total 
(608.3) 
(690.1)
 
(a) 
Excluding post employment benefit obligations presented in Note 4.2 above. 
4.4 
Other operating income and expenses 
Other operating income and expenses include the following amounts: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Other operating income 
231.2 
210.9
Other operating expenses 
(2,755.8) 
(2,857.7)
Sub-contracting 
(1,231.4) 
(1,068.8)
Taxes excluding corporate income tax 
(289.0) 
(251.4)
Other expenses 
(1,235.4) 
(1,537.5)
Total 
(2 524.6) 
(2 646.7)
 
Subcontracting essentially corresponds to expenses incurred in the context of outsourcing part of the production cycle. 
Other expenses mainly include the following types of costs: external personnel, maintenance expenses for industrial assets and 
fees. 
Note 5 
Income from operating activities 
5.1 
Impairment losses on tangible, intangible and financial assets 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Impairments 
 
Property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets 
(15.5) 
(99.1)
Rights of use 
(5.1) 
-
Financial assets 
(20.8) 
(28.4)
Total 
(41.4) 
(127.5)
Write-back of impairments 
 
Property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets 
9.4 
10.6
Financial assets 
11.3 
18.9
Total 
20.7 
29.5
Total 
(20.7) 
(98.0)

--- Page 155 ---
155 
5.1.1 
Impairment of goodwill 
At December 31, 2021, as at December 31, 2020, the tests carried out on goodwill in accordance with the procedure described 
in Note 8.3 did not reveal any impairment. 
5.1.2 
Impairment of tangible and intangible assets 
In 2021, this item mainly includes individually non material amounts. 
In 2020, this item mainly includes site impairments in the Recycling and Recovery operating segment in France. 
5.1.3 
Impairment of financial assets 
In both 2021 and 2020, these losses correspond mainly to impairments of financial receivables in France. 
5.2 
Restructuring 
At December 31, 2021, restructuring expenses correspond mainly to costs related to the implementation of various restructuring 
plans within the New SUEZ as well as, for €29m, the impact of the early payment by the combined entities to their employees of 
the deferred compensation plans in place within the Former SUEZ and the impact of the special bonuses put in place as part of 
the creation of the New SUEZ. 
At December 31, 2020, these restructurings mainly correspond to costs related to the implementation of the Shaping SUEZ 2030 
strategic plan in France. 
5.3 
Profit or loss on disposal of tangible and intangible assets 
As at December 31, 2021, disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are not material. 
Note 6 
Net financial income/loss 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Expenses 
Income 
Total 
Expenses
Income
Total
Cost of net debt 
(39.0) 
8.4 
(30.6) 
(61.5)
29.1
(32.4)
Other financial income and expenses 
(76.6) 
26.5 
(50.1) 
(52.0)
13.1
(38.9)
Financial income/(loss) 
(115.6) 
34.9 
(80.7) 
(113.5)
42.2
(71.3)
 
6.1 
Cost of net debt 
This item mainly includes interest expense (calculated at the effective interest rate – EIR) on gross debt, the result of foreign 
exchange and currency hedging on gross debt, interest income on cash investments and the change in fair value of financial 
assets measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Expenses 
Income 
Total 
Expenses
Income
Total
Interest expense on gross borrowings 
(29.3) 
- 
(29.3) 
(38.3)
-
(38.3)
Interest expense on lease liabilities 
(7.5) 
- 
(7.5) 
(8.8)
-
(8.8)
Exchange gain/(loss) on borrowings and hedges 
(1.2) 
2.6 
1.4 
(2.5)
5.1
2.6
Unrealized income/(expense) from economic hedges on 
borrowings 
- 
- 
- 
-
0.6
0.6
Income/(expense) on cash and cash equivalents, and financial 
assets at fair value through income 
- 
5.2 
5.2 
-
16.4
16.4
Capitalized borrowing costs 
- 
0.4 
0.4 
-
1.0
1.0
Financial income (expense) relating to a financial debt or 
receivable restructuring 
(1.0) 
0.2 
(0.8) 
(11.9)
6.0
(5.9)
Cost of net debt 
(39.0) 
8.4 
(30.6) 
(61.5)
29.1
(32.4)

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
6.2 
Other financial income and expenses 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Expenses 
Income 
Total 
Expenses
Income
Total
Net interest expenses related to post employment and other 
long term benefits 
(4.2) 
0.1 
(4.1) 
(4.7)
0.1
(4.6)
Unwinding of discounting adjustment to long term provisions 
(except post employment) 
(27.4) 
- 
(27.4) 
(29.3)
-
(29.3)
Change in fair value of derivatives not included in net debt 
- 
- 
- 
-
-
-
Income from equity instruments 
- 
2.0 
2.0 
-
1.9
1.9
Other 
(45.0) 
24.4 
(20.6) 
(18.0)
11.1
(6.9)
Other Financial Income and Expenses 
(76.6) 
26.5 
(50.1) 
(52.0)
13.1
(38.9)
 
Note 7 
Income tax 
7.1 
Income tax expense in the income statement 
7.1.1 
Breakdown of the tax expense in the income statement 
The tax expense recognised in profit or loss for the year is EUR 100.0 million in 2021 compared to a charge of EUR 44.7 million 
in 2020. The breakdown of this tax charge is as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Current income tax 
(97.6) 
(71.1)
Deferred taxes 
(2.4) 
26.4
Total income tax expense recognized in income 
(100.0) 
(44.8)
 
7.1.2 
Theoretical tax expense and recognised tax expense 
The reconciliation between the theoretical tax expense and the actual tax expense recognised is presented in the following table: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
Net income 
187.7 
Share in net income of associates and joint ventures 
175.2 
Income tax expense 
(100.0) 
Income before income tax and share in net income of associates and joint ventures (A) 
112.5 
Statutory income tax rate of SUEZ (B) 
28.4% 
Theoretical income tax expense (C) = (A) X (B) 
(32.1) 
In fact: 
 
Difference between the normal tax rate applicable to SUEZ and the normal tax rate applicable in jurisdictions in 
France and outside France 
13.1 
Permanent differences 
(91.8) 
Income taxed at a reduced rate or tax-exempt 
4.0 
Additional tax expense 
(2.1)

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Effect of unrecognized deferred tax assets on tax loss carryforwards and on other tax-deductible temporary 
differences 
(12.0) 
Recognition or utilization of tax assets on previously unrecognized tax loss carryforwards and other tax-
deductible temporary differences 
13.4 
Impact of changes in tax rates 
5.0 
Tax savings and credits 
1.8 
Other 
0.7 
Actual income tax expense 
(100.0) 
Effective tax rate (actual income tax expense divided by income before income tax and share in net 
income of associates and joint ventures) 
88.9% 
 
Permanent differences of (91.8) million euros mainly correspond to a tax effect resulting from internal reorganisations. 
7.1.3 
Analysis of deferred tax income in the income statement by temporary difference category 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Deferred tax assets 
 
Loss carryforwards 
12.1 
1.2
Pension obligations 
(1.2) 
(4.8)
Concessions arrangements 
(1.1) 
3.8
Non-deductible provisions 
(7.7) 
12.8
Differences between the carrying amount of PPE and their tax bases 
0.2 
0.9
Measurement of financial instruments at fair value 
0.3 
(0.5)
Other 
(9.2) 
(2.5)
Total 
(6.6) 
10.9
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
Differences between the carrying amount of PPE and their tax bases 
13.3 
12.3
Concessions arrangements 
6.6 
(14.4)
Tax-driven provisions 
(7.8) 
(0.5)
Measurement of assets and liabilities at fair value 
(10.4) 
(6.7)
Other 
2.5 
24.8
Total 
4.2 
15.5
Net Deferred Taxes 
(2.4) 
26.4
 
7.2 
Deferred tax income and expense recognised in Other comprehensive income 
Deferred tax income and expenses recognised in “Other comprehensive income” are broken down by type of underlying asset as 
follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Actuarial gains and losses 
3.6 
0.4
Cash flow hedges 
0.1 
(2.5)
Total excluding share of associates and joint ventures 
3.7 
(2.1)
Share of associates 
(2.7) 
4.3
Total 
1.0 
2.3

--- Page 158 ---
158 
7.3 
Deferred taxes in the combined statements of financial position 
7.3.1 
Change in deferred taxes 
The change in deferred taxes recognised in the statement of financial position, after offsetting deferred tax assets and liabilities 
by tax entity, is broken down as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Assets
Liabilities
Net Balances
At January 1, 2021 
374.7
(180.0)
194.7
From income statement 
(6.6)
4.2
(2.4)
From Other comprehensive income (a)  
4.1
(0.1)
4.0
Scope effects 
(14.5)
(81.3)
(95.8)
Translation adjustments 
7.0
(12.6)
(5.6)
Other impacts 
(41.0)
(0.5)
(41.5)
Deferred tax netting off by tax entity 
(7.2)
7.2
-
At December 31, 2021 
316.6
(263.1)
53.5
 
(a) 
Excluding share of associates and joint-ventures. 
7.3.2 
Analysis by temporary difference category of the net deferred tax position reported in the combined 
statements of financial position (before offsetting deferred tax assets and liabilities by tax entity) 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Deferred tax assets 
 
Loss carry-forwards and tax credit 
41.8 
17.8
Pension obligations 
97.1 
93.2
Concessions arrangements 
41.9 
39.3
Non-deductible provisions 
56.8 
59.9
Differences between the carrying amount of PPE and their tax bases 
88.6 
85.7
Measurement of financial instruments at fair value 
7.3 
6.5
Other 
65.0 
51.8
Total 
398.5 
354.2
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
Differences between the carrying amount of PPE and their tax bases 
(299.3) 
(307.2)
Concessions arrangements 
(92.7) 
(99.2)
Tax-driven provisions 
(22.8) 
(15.0)
Measurement of assets and liabilities at fair value 
(40.5) 
(28.7)
Other 
110.3 
290.7
Total 
(345.0) 
(159.4)
Net Deferred Taxes 
53.5 
194.8
 
7.4 
Unrecognised deferred taxes 
7.4.1 
Unrecognised deductible temporary differences 
 
Time differences on loss carry-forwards 
As at December 31, 2021, the amount of deferred tax on unused tax losses not recognised in the combined financial statements 
(as they do not meet the criteria for recognition as a deferred tax asset) is EUR 62.6 million, compared to EUR 70.1 million as 
at December 31, 2020. 
 
Other unrecognised timing differences 
The amount of deferred tax assets on other unrecognised temporary differences is EUR 17.2 million at December 31, 2021, 
compared to EUR 12.2 million at December 31, 2020.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
7.4.2 
Unrecognised deferred taxes on taxable temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries 
A significant deferred tax liability is recognised in respect of temporary differences for which New SUEZ is able to control the 
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference, and to the extent that it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in 
the foreseeable future. 
Note 8 
Goodwills 
8.1 
Movements in the carrying amount of goodwill 
(in millions of euros)  
Gross amount
Impairment 
Losses
Carrying 
amount
At December 31, 2020 
967.4
(7.8)
959.6
Scope effects 
10.9
-
10.9
Impairment losses 
-
-
-
Translation adjustments 
8.5
-
8.5
Other 
20.4
-
20.4
At December 31, 2021 
1,007.2
(7.8)
999.4
 
In 2021, the net change in goodwill amounts to EUR +39.8 million and results mainly from: 
 the impact of translation differences, notably the Hong Kong dollar for +€3.9 million and the Yuan +€2.9 million; 
 the entry of an Australian entity into the scope of integration for +12.9 million euros. 
8.2 
Main goodwill CGUs 
The breakdown of goodwill by CGU goodwill is as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Operating segment 
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Material CGUs 
 
 
Water France 
Water 
341.5 
341.4
R&R France 
Recycling and Recovery 
492.0 
495.6
Other CGUs (individual goodwill of less than EUR 80 million) 
 
165.9 
122.7
Total 
 
999.4 
959.6
 
8.3 
Impairment test 
All significant Cash Generating Units (CGUs) are tested for impairment at based on the end of June data, the last reporting period 
of the current year adjusted for the review of upcoming events for the second half of the year, the budget for the following year 
and the four year Medium Term Plan (MTP) for the remainder of the business plan. 
The recoverable amount of goodwill CGUs is assessed by applying various methods, mainly discounted cash flow (DCF). The 
discounted cash flow method is based on: 
 cash flow forecasts established during the period of the Medium Term Plan. They are linked to the operating conditions forecast 
by the Executive Committee, in particular the duration of the contracts carried by the entities in the relevant CGU, changes in 
tariff regulations, future market prospects;

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 a terminal value, for the period beyond the MTP, determined by applying the long-term growth rate, ranging from 1.6% to 4.3% 
depending on the business, to the “Free Cash Flow” 5 normative (definition specific to impairment testing) of the last year of the 
forecast; 
 a discount rate corresponding to the CGU based on the business, country and currency risks associated with each CGU. The 
discount rates, after tax, used in 2021 are between 4.1% and 4.6%. 
When this method is used, the assessment of the recoverable amount of the CGU goodwill is based on three scenarios (“low”, 
“medium” and “high”) differentiated by changes in key assumptions: the discount rate and the long-term growth rate of normative 
free cash flow. The “medium” scenario is preferred. 
The valuations obtained in this way are systematically compared with those obtained using market multiples or stock market 
values where applicable. 
New SUEZ believes, based on events reasonably foreseeable to date, that there is no reason to recognise a material impairment 
loss on the goodwill presented in the statement of financial position, and that any changes in the key assumptions described 
below would not result in a shortfall in the recoverable amount compared to the carrying amount. 
At 31 December 2021, New SUEZ also considered the value of the transactions to be carried out (Consortium transaction) in the 
context of the recoverable amount tests. 
Main assumptions used on significant goodwill 
The table below describes the method and discount rate used in the review of the recoverable amount of Cash Generating Units 
with significant goodwill: 
 
Cash-generating units 
Measurement method 
Discount rates
Water France 
DCF 
4.3%
R&R France 
DCF 
4.3%
8.4 
Sensitivity to interest rate and operational assumptions 
The table below shows the sensitivity of the measurements of recoverable value exceeding book value, in response to changes 
in discount rates and growth rates: 
Impact in % on excess of recoverable value over book value 
Discount rates
Growth rate of normalized 
Free Cash Flow
50 pb
+ 50 pb
- 50 pb
+ 50 pb
Water France 
27%
-18%
-18%
27%
R&R France 
53%
-34%
-33%
50%
 
In addition, New SUEZ has ensured that a reasonable decrease (less than or equal to 5%) in cash flows over the duration of the 
medium-term plan and in the terminal value would not call into question the value of the goodwill of the various significant CGUs. 
8.5 
Segment information 
The breakdown by reportable segment of the carrying amount of goodwill is as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
January 1, 2021
Water 
419.9 
409.1
Recycling and Recovery 
506.3 
495.6
ETS 
73.3 
54.9
Total 
999.4 
959.6
 
 
                                                     
5 
The “normative” Free Cash Flow used in the impairment tests differs from the Free Cash Flow in the following respects: no financial interest, use of a normative tax, taking into 
account all investment flows (maintenance and financial disposals, development and financial acquisitions already committed).

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Note 9 
Intangible assets 
9.1 
Movements in the carrying amount of intangible assets 
(in millions of euros)  
Softwares
Intangible 
rights arising 
on concession 
contracts
Other
Total 
A. Gross amount 
 
 
At December 31, 2020 
529.3
2,827.1
513.2
3,869.6 
Acquisitions 
32.9
135.3
41.9
210.1 
Disposals 
(6.5)
(212.6) (a)
(3.8)
(222.9) 
Translation adjustments 
0.8
62.7
1.4
64.9 
Changes in scope of consolidation 
(1.6)
-
6.3
4.7 
Other 
27.1
-
(32.2)
(5.1) 
At December 31, 2021 
582.0
2,812.5
526.8
3,921.3 
B. Accumulated depreciation and impairment 
 
 
At December 31, 2020 
(371.5)
(1,671.3)
(351.9)
(2,394.7) 
Depreciation 
(43.2)
(179.4)
(19.6)
(242.2) 
Impairment losses 
-
(1.7)
-
(1.7) 
Disposals 
5.6
204.3 (a)
3.8
213.7 
Translation adjustments 
(0.7)
(27.6)
(0.7)
(29.0) 
Changes in scope of consolidation 
1.1
-
(3.0)
(1.9) 
Other 
(1.3)
(4.1)
(0.3)
(5.7) 
At December 31, 2021 
(410.0)
(1,679.8)
(371.7)
(2,461.5) 
C. Carrying Amount 
 
 
At December 31, 2020 
157.8
1,155.8
161.3
1,474.9 
At December 31, 2021 
172.0
1,132.7
155.1
1,459.8 
 
(a) 
At the end of concession contract, intangible assets falling within the scope of IFRIC 12 are sold, in gross value, amortizations and impairments by disposal flows. 
9.2 
Information on intangible assets 
Intangible rights on concession contracts 
New SUEZ manages concession contracts within the meaning of SIC 29 (see Notes 1.4.11.3), in the areas of drinking water 
distribution, wastewater treatment and waste processing. The rights given to New SUEZ as concessionaire over infrastructure, 
falling within the scope of IFRIC 12 and corresponding to the intangible model, are recognised under this heading. They include 
in particular the rights to invoice users in application of the IFRIC 12 intangible asset model. 
Research and development costs 
Research and Development activities involve carrying out various studies relating to technological innovation, improving the 
efficiency of installations, safety, environmental protection and quality of service. 
Research and development costs that do not meet the measurement criteria defined by IAS 38 are expensed, with a decrease of 
33.7 million euros at 31 December 2021. This decrease is justified by the effect of the Covid-19 pandemic and the postponement 
of related innovation and research and development projects. 
Expenditure on internal projects in the development phase that meet the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset is not 
material for the year 2021.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Note 10 Property, plant and equipment 
10.1 
Movements in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment 
(in millions of euros)  
Lands Constructions
Plant and
equipment
transport 
equipment
Capitalized 
dismanting and
restoration 
costs
Construction 
in progress
Other
Total property, 
plant and 
equipment 
A. Gross amount 
 
 
At December 31, 2020 
826.7
997.7
2,049.3
340.7
306.7
223.9
123.8
4,868.8 
Acquisitions 
3.0
16.0
46.4
3.1
-
145.3
4.2
218.0 
Disposals 
(2.3)
(15.2)
(68.8)
(27.1)
-
-
(8.8)
(122.2) 
Translation adjustments 
0.1
2.0
20.6
1.2
-
0.8
1.7
26.4 
Changes in scope of 
consolidation 
-
(0.4)
(43.5)
5.3
(3.5)
5.0
1.4
(35.7) 
Other 
(16.7)
15.3
50.4
2.0
5.2
(69.2)
2.1
(10.9) 
At December 31, 2021 
810.8
1,015.4
2,054.4
325.2
308.4
305.8
124.4
4,944.4 
B. Accumulated 
depreciation and 
impairment 
 
 
At December 31, 2020 
(563.3)
(685.1)
(1,405.9)
(310.5)
(306.7)
(6.1)
(104.1)
(3,381.7) 
Depreciation 
(41.5)
(35.0)
(101.9)
(14.9)
-
(6.0)
(199.3) 
Impairment losses 
(9.9)
(1.8)
(0.1)
-
(0.5)
(1.5)
(13.8) 
Disposals 
3.3
16.3
50.0
25.5
-
2.7
8.2
106.0 
Translation adjustments 
-
(0.7)
(9.4)
(1.1)
-
-
(1.4)
(12.6) 
Changes in scope of 
consolidation 
-
0.3
19.1
(4.2)
3.5
-
(1.1)
17.6 
Other 
3.5
7.7
(0.8)
2.2
(5.3)
-
(0.1)
7.2 
At December 31, 2021 
(607.9)
(698.3)
(1,449.0)
(303.0)
(308.5)
(3.9)
(106.0)
(3,476.6) 
C. Carrying Amount 
 
 
At December 31, 2020 
263.4
312.6
643.4
30.2
-
217.8
19.7
1,487.1 
At December 31, 2021 
202.9
317.1
605.4
22.2
(0.1)
301.9
18.4
1,467.8 
 
In 2021, the main changes correspond to acquisitions of assets under construction (+145.3 million euros), mainly in France. 
10.2 
Tangible assets pledged as security 
Tangible assets pledged as collateral for financial liabilities are stable and amount to EUR 5.1 million at 31 December 2021. 
10.3 
Contractual commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment 
In the normal course of their activities, some New SUEZ companies have undertaken to invest in technical facilities which the 
third parties concerned undertake to deliver in return. 
The contractual commitments for investment in tangible assets made by New SUEZ amount to 111.8 million euros as at 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Note 11 Investments in joint ventures and associates 
11.1 
Interests in joint ventures 
The most significant shareholdings are the Chinese joint ventures, 50% of which are held by the Hong Kong-based SUEZ NWS 
Limited group and 50% by the local authorities granting the concession. Given the full integration of SUEZ NWS Limited into the 
Former SUEZ, the shares of all the joint ventures held (including the aforementioned Chinese joint ventures) are accounted for 
using the equity method based on the percentage held by SUEZ NWS Limited (50% for the Chinese joint ventures) and represent 
620.5 million euros as of 31 December 2021. 
The other significant holding at 31 December 2020, the Suyu Group, is no longer presented as a joint venture at 
31 December 2021. The completion on 11 May 2021 of the acquisition of NWS’s (NWS Holdings Limited) 50% stake in Suyu 
brought Former SUEZ’s holding in the latter to 100%. In addition, this transaction led to the reclassification of Derun 
Environnement, which was 25.1% owned and previously classified as a joint venture through the Suyu group, as an “associated 
company”. 
(in millions of euros)  
Carrying amount of 
investments in joint 
ventures 
Share in net income/ (loss) of 
joint ventures 
December 31
, 2021 
December 31
, 2020
December 31
, 2021 
December 31,
2020
SUEZ NWS Limited Group 
620.5 
532.0
45.2 
33.8
Suyu Group 
0.0 
313.2
0.0 
1.4
Other 
6.2 
6.3
(0.1) 
1.4
Total 
626.7 
851.4
45.2 
36.6
 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2021
Net income 
45.2 
36.6
Other comprehensive income (OCI) 
28.9 
4.3
Comprehensive income 
74.1 
40.9
 
The following are the summarised financial statements (at 100%) of the Chinese joint ventures accounted for by the equity method 
at SUEZ NWS Limited on the one hand, and of the Suyu Group, for the 2020 financial year only, on the other hand, as these 
holdings remain the most significant at the level of New SUEZ. 
Summary financial statements 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31, 2020
Chinese joint 
ventures 
Chinese joint
ventures
Suyu Group (a)
Non-current assets 
1,514.4 
1,347.0
844.4
Current assets 
593.6 
535.3
7.7
of which Cash and cash equivalents 
289.8 
266.5
7.7
Total assets 
2,108.1 
1,882.3
852.1
Shareholders’ equity, Group share 
1,122.3 
975.2
626.4
Non-controlling interests 
9.6 
8.0
-
Total shareholders’ equity 
1,131.9 
983.2
626.4
Non-current liabilities 
355.8 
311.0
192.4
Current liabilities 
620.4 
588.1
33.3
Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities 
2,108.1 
1,882.3
852.1
100% dividends paid in the previous financial year 
39.3 
63.2
-
 
(a) 
In 2021, the Group, through its subsidiary SUEZ Asia, acquired an additional 50% in the Suyu Group (see Note 2.3). Following this transaction, SUEZ no longer consolidates the 
Suyu Group as a joint venture. SUEZ now directly owns 25.1% of Derun Environnement, which is now classified as an associate. It was previously classified as a joint venture 
through the Suyu group.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Summary income statements 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
 December 31, 2020
Chinese joint 
ventures 
Chinese joint 
ventures
Suyu Group
Revenues 
601.2 
541.1
-
Current operating income 
116.1 
111.7
(0.1)
Net income – group share 
90.9 
70.5
2.9
Net income – non-controlling interests 
1.0 
1.1
-
Net income 
91.9 
71.6
2,9 (a)
Other comprehensive income (OCI) (b)  
96.3 
(24.7)
(12.5)
Comprehensive income 
188.1 
46.9
(9.6)
 
(a) 
Derun Environnement’s share in net income accounted for using the equity method in the Suyu Group. 
(b) 
This amount corresponds to translation adjustments. 
11.2 
Investments in associates 
Investments and share of profit in associates break down as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Carrying amount of 
investments in associates 
Share in net income/ (loss) of 
associates 
December 31
, 2021 
December 31
, 2020
December 31
, 2021 
December 31,
2020
Acea Group 
658.8 
624.3
70.3 
65.0
Derun (a)  
782.4 
-
37.1 
-
Other (individual contributions less than 10% of the total) 
235.8 
154.0
22.7 
17.7
Total 
1,677.0 
778.3
130.1 
82.7
 
(a) 
In 2021, the Group, through its subsidiary SUEZ Asia, acquired an additional 50% in the Suyu Group Following this transaction, SUEZ no longer consolidates the Suyu Group 
as a joint venture. SUEZ now directly owns 25.1% of Derun Environnement, which is now classified as an associate. It was previously classified as a joint venture through the 
Suyu group. 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Net income 
130.1 
82.7
Other comprehensive income (OCI) 
83.6 
(3.3)
Comprehensive income 
213.7 
79.4
 
The information presented below for the Acea Group represents 100% of the summarised statements of financial position and 
income statements. 
At the date of publication of the combined annual accounts 2021 of New SUEZ, the combined financial statements as at 
31 December 2021 of the Acea Group are not available. In compliance with IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and joint ventures”, 
the condensed statement of financial position and income statement as at 30 September 2021 correspond to the most recent 
accounts available. 
Summary financial statements of the Acea Group 
(in millions of euros)  
September 30, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Non-current assets 
7,660.0 
7,311.0
Current assets 
2,736.4 
2,362.6
of which Cash and cash equivalents 
746.5 
642.2
Total assets 
10,396.4 
9,673.6

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Shareholders’ equity, Group share 
2,067.9 
1,964.9
Non-controlling interests 
381.7 
358.4
Total shareholders’ equity 
2,449.6 
2,323.3
Non-current liabilities 
5,614.3 
4,839.0
Current liabilities 
2,332.5 
2,511.3
Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities 
10,396.4 
9,673.6
100% dividends paid in the previous financial year 
170.0 
166.1
 
Summary income statement for the first nine months of the Acea Group 
(in millions of euros)  
September 30, 
2021 
September 30,
2020
Revenues 
2,765.8 
2,471.60
Gross operating profit 
930.2 
858.7
Operating profit/(loss) 
459.7 
426
Net income – group share 
248.6 
218.7
Net income – non-controlling interests 
31.7 
32.4
Net income 
280.3 
251.1
Other comprehensive income (OCI) 
27.2 
(3.2)
Comprehensive income 
307.5 
247.9
 
Note 12 Financial instruments 
12.1 
Financial assets 
The different categories of financial assets and their breakdown between their “non-current” and “current” portions are presented 
in the table below: 
 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Equity instruments at fair value 
52.7 
- 
52.7 
82.9
-
82.9
Loans and receivables carried at amortized cost 
606.4 
2,642.7 
3,249.1 
741.9
2,381.2
3,123.1
Loans and receivables carried at amortized cost (excluding 
trade and other receivables) 
606.4 
150.8 
757.2 
741.9
53.9
795.8
Trade and other receivables 
- 
2,491.
9 
2,491.
9 
-
2,327.3
2,327.3
Financial assets measured at fair value 
0.1 
36.9 
37.0 
-
30.5
30.5
Derivative financial instruments 
0.1 
9.7 
9.8 
-
7.1
7.1
Financial assets measured at fair value through income 
- 
27.2 
27.2 
-
23.4
23.4
Cash and cash equivalents 
- 
1,157.9 
1,157.9 
-
1,031.0
1,031.0
Liquid financial investments 
- 
- 
- 
-
-
-
Other cash and cash equivalents 
- 
1,157.9 
1,157.9 
-
1,031.0
1,031.0
Total 
659.2 
3,837.5 
4,496.7 
824.8
3,442.7
4,267.5

--- Page 166 ---
166 
12.1.1 
Equity instruments at fair value 
Movements in equity instruments at fair value can be analysed as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Equity instruments at FV 
through OCI
Equity instruments at FV
through income
At December 31, 2020 
82.8
0.1
Acquisitions 
21.4
-
Net book value of disposals 
(9.1)
-
Changes in fair value posted to equity as Other comprehensive income 
25.1
-
Changes in fair value posted to income statement 
-
-
Changes in scope, exchange rates and other 
(67.8)
0.2
At December 31, 2021 
52.4
0.3
 
The equity instruments at fair value through OCI and through profit or loss held by the Group at 31 December 2021 are unlisted 
securities. 
12.1.2 
Loans and receivables at amortised cost 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Loans and receivables carried at amortized cost 
(excluding trade and other receivables) 
606.4 
150.8 
757.2 
741.9
53.9
795.8
Loans granted to affiliated companies (a) 
582.0 
13.9 
595.9 
557.1
27.6
584.7
Other receivables at amortized cost 
- 
- 
- 
-
-
-
Concession receivables 
24.4 
136.9 
161.3 
184.8
26.3
211.1
Finance lease receivables 
- 
- 
- 
-
-
-
Trade and other receivables 
- 
2,491.9 
2,491.9 
-
2,327.3
2,327.3
Total 
606.4 
2,642.7 
3,249.1 
741.9
2,381.2
3,123.1
 
(a) This item primarily includes loans granted to associates accounted for under the equity method and/or to non-consolidated companies, and amount to EUR 64.6 million as of 
December 31, 2021, versus EUR 55.3 million as of December 31, 2020. 
Impairments and losses on loans and receivables at amortised cost are presented below: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Gross 
Depreciation 
and 
impairment 
Net 
Gross
Depreciation 
and 
impairment
Net
Loans and receivables carried at amortized cost 
(excluding trade and other receivables) 
784.4 
(27.2) 
757.2 
820.3
(24.5)
795.8
Trade and other receivables 
2,701.5 
(209.6) 
2,491.9 
2,543.4
(216.1)
2,327.3
Total 
3,485.9 
(236.8) 
3,249.1 
3,363.7
(240.6)
3,123.1
 
Information on the ageing of past due receivables not impaired and the monitoring of counterparty risk on loans and receivables 
at amortised cost (including trade and other receivables) is presented in Note 13.2 “Counterparty risk”. 
The net gains and losses recognised in profit or loss on loans and receivables at amortised cost are as follows (including trade 
receivables): 
(in millions of euros)  
Interests
Remeasurement post-acquisition
Translation adjustment
Impairment
At December 31, 2020 
16.6
(0.6)
(68.5)
At December 31, 2021 
13.8
0.4
(9.1)

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Trade and other receivables 
On initial recognition, trade receivables are recognised at their fair value, which in most cases corresponds to their nominal value. 
An impairment loss is recognised based on the risk of non-recovery by homogeneous category of customers and on the expected 
default rates for each category of customers (see Note 1.5.9.1). 
The fair value of trade and other receivables is equal to their net book value as recorded in the combined statements of financial 
position. 
12.1.3 
Financial assets measured at fair value 
This item, consisting of derivative financial instruments and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss excluding 
derivatives, is analysed as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Derivative financial instruments 
0.1 
9.7 
9.8 
-
7.1
7.1
Debt-related derivatives (see Note 12.3.1) 
- 
0.5 
0.5 
-
0.5
0.5
Derivative hedging commodities 
0.1 
2.1 
2.2 
,
,
,
Derivative hedging other items 
- 
7.1 
7.1 
-
6.6
6.6
Financial assets at fair value through income exluding 
derivatives 
- 
27.2 
27.2 
-
23.4
23.4
Financial assets measured at fair value through income (See 
Note 12.3.1) 
- 
27.2 
27.2 
-
23.4
23.4
Total 
0.1 
36.9 
37.0 
-
30.5
30.5
 
Commodity derivatives and debt and other derivatives are set up as part of the Group’s risk management policy. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (excluding derivatives) mainly correspond to mutual fund shares and 
medium-term notes; they are included in the calculation of the Group’s net financial debt (see Note 12.3). 
The result recorded on all financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss at 31 December 2021 is not material. 
12.1.4 
Cash and cash equivalents 
The risk management policy for financial instruments is presented in Note 13. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents amounted to 1,157.9 million at 31 December 2021 compared to 1,031.0 million at 31 December 2020. 
At 31 December 2021, it mainly comprises term deposits of EUR 85.3 million compared with EUR 86.6 million at 31 December 2020, 
cash and cash equivalents of EUR 491.5 million compared with EUR 452.2 million and cash current accounts of EUR 580.9 million 
compared with EUR 491.9 million in 2020. 
The result recorded on “cash and cash equivalents” as at 31 December 2021 is EUR 5.0 million compared to EUR 16.3 million as 
at 31 December 2020. 
12.1.5 
Other assets 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Other tax receivables 
- 
438.1 
438.1 
-
461.4
461.4
Income tax receivables 
- 
25.8 
25.8 
-
27.2
27.2
Inter-company account for tax consolidation 
- 
58.4 
58.4 
-
100.0
100.0
Employee-related receivables 
- 
6.6 
6.6 
-
6.5
6.5
Other miscellaneous receivables 
135.6 
254.1 
389.7 
153.0
289.7
442.7
Total 
135.6 
783.0 
918.6 
153.0
884.8
1,037.8

--- Page 168 ---
168 
12.2 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities are recognised: 
 in ‘liabilities at amortised cost’ for financial debts, trade and other payables and other financial liabilities; 
 or in “liabilities measured at fair value” for derivative financial instruments. 
The various financial liabilities, as well as their breakdown between their “non-current” and “current” portions, are presented in the 
table below: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Borrowings 
644.4 
1,396.4 
2,040.8 
777.7
1,427.3
2,205.0
Lease liabilities 
362.4 
124.5 
486.9 
454.1
136.0
590.1
Derivative financial instruments 
0.1 
7.9 
8.0 
0.4
7.4
7.8
Trade and other payables 
- 
2,225.9 
2,225.9 
-
1,660.8
1,660.8
Other financial liabilities 
6.5 
- 
6.5 
0.7
-
0.7
Total 
1,013.4 
3,754.7 
4,768.1 
1,232.9
3,231.5
4,464.4
 
12.2.1 
Financial debts 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Bonds issues 
51.4 
17.1
68.5 
66.2
16.6
82.8
Commercial paper 
-
-
- 
-
-
-
Draw downs on credit facilities 
23.5 
-
23.5 
13.0
-
13.0
Other bank borrowings 
143.9 
23.8
167.7 
160.9
25.0
185.9
Other borrowings 
426.5 
835.5 1,262.0 
541.2
58.3
599.5
Borrowings (gross amounts) 
645.3 
876.4 1,521.7 
781.3
99.9
881.2
Overdrafts and current cash accounts 
-
519.2 
519.2 
-
1,323.4
1,323.4
Outstanding financial debt 
645.3 
1,395.6 2,040.9 
781.3
1,423.3
2,204.6
Impact of measurement at amortized cost 
(0.9) 
0.8 
(0.1) 
(3.6)
4.0
0.4
Impact of fair value hedge 
-
-
- 
-
-
-
Borrowings and debt 
644.4 
1,396.4 2,040.8 
777.7
1,427.3
2,205.0
 
The fair value of financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 is EUR 2,064.7 million, with a net book value of EUR 2,040.8 million 
(see analysis of fair value by level in Note 12.4.2). 
Financial liabilities are analysed in Note 12.3 “Net financial debt”. 
Changes in financial liabilities by flow are shown below: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31
, 2020
Cash flows
Non cash flows 
Others
December 
31, 2021 
Forex effect Scope effect
Change in 
fair value and 
amortized
cost
Bond issues 
82.8
(16.9)
2.6
-
-
-
68.5 
Commercial paper 
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
Draw downs on credit facilities 
13.0
10.5
-
-
-
-
23.5 
Other bank borrowings 
185.9
(24.6)
6.3
-
-
0.1
167.7 
Other borrowings 
599.5
571.1
23.9
77.0
-
(9.5)
1,262.0 
Borrowings (gross amounts) 
881.2
540.1
32.8
77.0
-
(9.4)
1,521.7

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Overdrafts and current cash 
accounts  
1,323.4
(865.3)
0.7
7.4
-
53.0
519.2 
Outstanding financial debt 
2,204.6
(325.2)
33.5
84.4
-
43.6
2,040.9 
Impact of measurement at amortized 
cost 
0.4
(6.8)
-
0.4
2.7
3.2
(0.1) 
Impact of fair value hedge 
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
Borrowings and debt 
2,205.0
(332.0)
33.5
84.8
2.7
46.8
2,040.8 
Lease liabilities 
590.1
(144.0)
1.6
(6.9)
(68.1)
114.2
486.9 
 
12.2.2 
Suppliers and other creditors 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Trade payables 
1,487.1 
1,498.6
Payables on fixed assets 
738.8 
162.2
Total 
2,225.9 
1,660.8
 
The fair value of trade and other payables is equal to their carrying amount in the combined statements of financial position. 
12.2.3 
Other liabilities 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Employee-related payables 
1.2 
486.4 
487.6 
1.4
410.1
411.5
Income taxes payables 
- 
133.6 
133.6 
-
56.4
56.4
Other taxes payables 
- 
497.7 
497.7 
-
519.7
519.7
Amounts collected on behalf of third parties 
- 
810.1 
810.1 
-
817.1
817.1
Other miscellaneous payables 
242.4 
383.8 
626.2 
234.4
417.5
651.9
Total 
243.6 
2,311.6 
2,555.2 
235.8
2,220.8
2,456.6
 
12.3 
Net financial debt 
12.3.1 
Net financial debt by nature 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
December 31, 2020
Non- 
current 
Current 
Total 
Non-
current
Current
Total
Outstanding borrowings 
645.3 
1,395.6 
2,040.9 
781.3
1,423.3
2,204.6
Impact of measurement at amortized cost (a)  
(0.9) 
0.8 
(0.1) 
(3.7)
4.0
0.3
Impact of fair value hedge (b)  
- 
- 
- 
-
-
-
Borrowings and debts 
644.4 
1,396.4 
2,040.8 
777.6
1,427.3
2,204.9
Lease liabilities 
362.4 
124.5 
486.9 
454.1
136.0
590.1
Debt-related derivatives under liabilities (c)  
- 
0.5 
0.5 
-
0.5
0.5
Gross debt 
1,006.8 
1,521.4 
2,528.2 
1,231.7
1,563.8
2,795.5
Financial assets measured at fair value through income 
excluding financial derivative instruments 
- 
(27.2) 
(27.2) 
-
(23.4)
(23.4)
Cash management assets 
- 
- 
- 
-
-
-
Other cash and cash equivalents 
- (1,157.9) 
(1,157.9) 
-
(1,031.0)
(1,031.0)
Debt-related derivatives under assets (c)  
- 
(0.5) 
(0.5) 
-
(0.5)
(0.5)
Net cash 
- (1,185.6) 
(1,185.6) 
-
(1,054.9)
(1,054.9)

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Net debt 
1,006.8 
335.8 
1,342.6 
1,231.7
508.9
1,740.6
Outstanding borrowings 
645.3 
1,395.6 
2,040.9 
781.3
1,423.3
2,204.6
Lease liabilities 
362.4 
124.5 
486.9 
454.1
136.0
590.1
Financial assets measured at fair value through income 
excluding financial derivative instruments 
- 
(27.2) 
(27.2) 
-
(23.4)
(23.4)
Cash management assets 
- 
- 
- 
-
-
-
Other cash and cash equivalents 
- (1,157.9) 
(1,157.9) 
-
(1,031.0)
(1,031.0)
Net debt excluding amortized cost and impact of derivative 
financial instruments 
1,007.7 
335.0 
1,342.7 
1,235.4
504.9
1,740.3
 
(a) 
This item includes accrued interest on gross financial debt as well as premiums and set-up costs for loans still to be amortised. 
(b) 
This item corresponds to the revaluation of the interest rate component of the debts hedged as part of a fair value hedging strategy. 
(c) 
This is the fair value of debt-related derivatives, whether or not they qualify as hedges. 
The sensitivity of the debt (including interest rate and currency derivatives) to interest rate and currency risk is presented in 
Note 13. 
12.3.2 
Change in net financial debt 
In 2021, net financial debt decreased by EUR 398.0 million. This change is mainly due to: 
 to the payment of dividends paid in cash to the minority shareholders of the subsidiaries in the amount of EUR 128.7 million; 
 to the postive effect of the reorganisation operations for the creation of New SUEZ amounting to 106,3 million euros; 
 to the cash surplus generated by the Group’s activities in the amount of EUR 374.1 million; 
 15.9 million increase in net financial debt. 
12.3.3 
Debt ratio 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Net debt 
1,342.6 
1,740.6
Total equity 
3,736.2 
3,586.2
Debt/equity ratio 
35.9% 
48.5%
 
12.4 
Fair value of financial instruments by level 
12.4.1 
Financial assets 
Equity instruments at fair value 
60.7 million as at 31 December 2021, are valued using valuation models based mainly on recent transactions, discounted 
dividends or cash flows and net asset value (level 3 fair value). 
At 31 December 2021, the change in Level 3 equity instruments at fair value is analysed as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Equity instruments at FV 
through OCI
Equity instruments at FV
through income
At December 31, 2020 
52.6
0.1
Acquisitions 
21.4
-
Net book value of disposals 
(9.1)
-
Changes in fair value posted to equity as Other comprehensive income
25.1
-
Changes in fair value posted to income statement 
-
-
Changes in scope, exchange rates and other 
(29.6)
0.2
At December 31, 2021 
60.4
0.3

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Loans and receivables at amortised cost (excluding trade and other receivables) 
Loans and receivables at amortised cost (excluding trade and other receivables), with a carrying amount of EUR 757,2 million at 
31 December 2021, may include items that are part of a fair value hedging relationship. As at 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020, no hedges were in place. 
Derivative financial instruments 
The portfolio of derivative financial instruments used by the Group as part of its risk management mainly comprises interest rate 
and currency swaps, currency options and forward currency purchases and sales. It is recognised at fair value at 
31 December 2021 for EUR 9.8 million. The fair value of substantially all of these contracts is determined using internal valuation 
models based on observable inputs. These instruments are presented in Level 2. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
The financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, which amounted to EUR 27.2 million at 31 December 2021, are 
level 2 financial assets, as their fair value is determined using observable inputs. 
12.4.2 
Financial liabilities 
The fair value of financial debts and financial instruments positioned as liabilities is broken down into different fair value levels as 
follows (the definition of the fair value levels is presented in Note 1.5.9.2 and 1.5.9.3): 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 2021 
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3 
Borrowings 
2 064.7
-
2 064.7 
- 
Derivative financial instruments 
8.0
-
8.0 
- 
Debt-related derivatives 
0.5
-
0.5 
- 
Derivatives hedging commodities 
-
-
-
- 
Derivatives hedging other items 
7.5
-
7.5 
- 
Total 
2,072.7
-
2,072.7
- 
 
Financial debts 
Only listed bonds issued by SUEZ are presented in this table in level 1. The other bonds are presented in level 2. All of these 
bonds are valued taking into account the interest rate risk (interest rate component); their fair value is determined on the basis of 
observable data. 
Derivative financial instruments 
Refer to the description in Note 12.4.1 to justify the level of fair value. 
Note 13 Risk management of financial instruments 
The Group mainly uses derivatives to hedge its exposure to market risks. 
13.1 
Foreign exchange risk 
The Group’s subsidiaries operate mainly locally and in their own currency, and the Group’s exposure to transaction risk associated 
with purchases and sales is therefore limited. 
The translation risk is mainly concentrated in the holdings in China and Australia. 
Among the hedging instruments used, the most natural hedge is the subscription of loans in the currency concerned. The Group 
also uses foreign exchange derivatives (currency swaps, cross currency swaps, etc.) which enable foreign currency debts to be 
created synthetically. 
13.2 
Counterparty risk 
The Group is exposed, through its operational and financial activities, to the risk of default by its counterparties (customers, 
suppliers, partners, intermediaries, banks) when they are unable to honour their contractual commitments. This risk results from

--- Page 172 ---
172 
the combination of a payment risk (non-payment of services or deliveries made), a delivery risk (non-delivery of services or 
supplies paid for) and a risk of replacement of defaulting contracts (known as Mark to Market exposure corresponding to 
replacement under conditions different from those initially planned). 
13.2.1 
Operational activities 
Trade and other receivables 
The gross outstanding trade and other receivables that are past their due date are analysed below: 
Trade and other receivables 
(in millions of euros)  
Past-due non impaired assets at closing date
Impaired 
assets (a)
Non-impaired
and not past-due
assets
Total 
0-
6 months
6-
12 months
Over one 
year
Total
Total
Total
At December 31, 2021 
97.0
13.6
31.2
141.8
405.1
2,154.6
2,701.5 
At December 31, 2020 
113.7
31.7
39.5
184.9
457.3
1,901.2
2,543.4 
 
The ageing of past due receivables that have not been written down may vary significantly depending on the category of customers 
with which the Group companies operate, whether they are private companies, individuals or public authorities. In accordance 
with the terms of IFRS 9, SUEZ Group entities establish risk matrices for non-recovery of their trade receivables by homogeneous 
category of customers, adapted to their local realities, with regard to the rates of non-payment observed in the recent past on 
receivables with a similar credit risk profile. They update the matrices at least once a year and use them to calculate impairment 
charges based on the expected default rates for each homogeneous category of customers (see Note 1.5.9.1). 
Changes in impairment of trade and other receivables: 
(in millions of euros)  
Impairment on trade and other receivables
At December 31, 2020 
(216.1)
Additional credit risk allowances 
(95.7)
Reversals for risk surplus/extinction 
51.9
Reversal by the counterpart of loss on bad trade receivables 
37.3
Change in scope, exchange rates and other 
13.0
At December 31, 2021 
(209.6)
 
Other assets 
With regard to “Other assets”, the proportion of impaired assets remains insignificant in relation to the total amount of the item. 
The Group considers that it is not exposed to any counterparty risk on these assets. 
13.2.2 
Financial activities 
The Group’s maximum exposure to counterparty risk on financial activities can be assessed as the carrying amount of financial 
assets excluding equity instruments, and the fair value of derivatives recognised as assets in the statements of financial position 
(i.e. EUR 4,444,0 million at 31 December 2021 and EUR 4,184.6 million at 31 December 2020). 
13.2.2.1 
Counterparty risk on loans and receivables at amortised cost (excluding trade and other receivables) 
In accordance with the application of IFRS 9 and in accordance with the method detailed in Note 1.5.9.1, the counterparty risk of 
gross outstandings and impairment of loans and receivables at amortised cost (excluding trade and other receivables) that have 
passed their due date is analysed below: 
(in millions of euros)  
Not unpaid/no 
overdue more than 
60 days
Unpaid/overdue
60 days to
180 days
Overdues of more 
than 180 days
December 31, 
2021 Total 
Loans, deposits and guarantees – gross 
779.2
0.1
6.1
785.4 
Loans, deposits and guarantees – impairment 
(16.7)
-
(10.5)
(27.2) 
 
Gross loans and receivables at amortised cost (excluding trade and other receivables) do not include amortised cost items 
(EUR 1.0 million).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Changes in impairment and amortised cost items are presented in Note 12.1.2 “Loans and receivables at amortised cost”. 
13.2.2.2 
Counterparty risk related to investment activities and the use of derivative financial instruments 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk on the investment of its surplus funds (cash and cash equivalents) and through the use 
of derivative financial instruments. Counterparty risk is the loss that the Group could incur if counterparties fail to meet their 
contractual obligations. In the case of derivatives, this risk corresponds to the positive fair value. 
The Group invests the majority of its cash surpluses and negotiates its financial hedging instruments with leading counterparties. 
As part of its counterparty risk management policy, the Group has set up management and control procedures based, on the one 
hand, on the approval of counterparties according to their external ratings, their financial situation and objective market factors 
(credit default swaps, market capitalisation) and, on the other, on the definition of risk limits. 
At 31 December 2021, “Cash and cash equivalents” and derivative financial instrument assets are the most significant items 
subject to counterparty risk. The breakdown of counterparties by type of rating on these items is as follows: 
Counterparty risk arising from investing activities 
December 31, 2021 
Total
Investment
Grade (a)
Unrated (b) (c)
Non Investment 
Grade (b) 
% of exposure 
1,187.6 
43%
52% 
5% 
 
(a) 
Counterparties with a minimum rating of BBB- by Standard & Poor’s or Baa3 by Moody’s. 
(b) 
The bulk of these two exposures are carried by combined companies in which there are non-controlling interests or by Group companies operating in emerging countries, where 
cash is not centralisable and is therefore invested locally. 
(c) 
Including 46% of unrated counterparts concerning entities in the former SUEZ perimeter and 6% of other. 
13.3 
Liquidity risk 
In the course of its operational and financial activities, the Group may be exposed to the risk of a lack of liquidity preventing it from 
meeting its contractual commitments. 
13.3.1 
Available cash 
The Group’s financing policy is based on the following principles: 
 diversification of funding sources between the banking and capital markets; 
 balanced financial debt repayment profile. 
At December 31, 2021, 1 185.6 million euros, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss for 27.2 million euros, and 
derivative financial instruments relating to debt and recorded as assets for 0.5 million euros. Almost all of the surplus is invested 
in short-term bank deposits and interest-bearing accounts. 
In addition, the Group has at 31 December 2021 confirmed credit facilities totalling EUR 36.2 million, of which EUR 23.5 million 
are drawn; undrawn credit facilities therefore amount to EUR 12.7 million, of which EUR 0.2 million will mature during 2022. 
At December 31, 2021, bank resources represent 12.6% of outstanding financial debt (excluding bank overdrafts and cash current 
accounts, as these items do not constitute a permanent source of financing). Capital market financing represents 4.5% of 
outstanding financial debt (excluding bank overdrafts and cash current accounts). 
Available cash, consisting of cash and cash equivalents (1,157.9 million), financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss (‘27.2 million), net of bank overdrafts and cash current accounts (‘519.2 million), amounted to €665.9 million at 
31 December 2021. 
13.3.2 
Undiscounted contractual flows to financial activities 
In order to reflect the economic reality of the operations as closely as possible, the flows linked to derivatives recorded on the 
liabilities and assets side presented below correspond to net positions. Furthermore, the values presented have a positive sign in 
the case of liabilities and a negative sign in the case of assets. 
The undiscounted contractual flows on outstanding financial debt by maturity date and nature are as follows: 
At December 31, 2021 (in millions of euros)  
Total 
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Beyond
5 years
Bonds issues 
68.5 
17.1
17.1
17.1
17.2
-
-
Draw downs on credit facilities 
23.5 
-
11.1
-
3.5
-
8.9
Other bank borrowings 
167.7 
23.8
26.3
36.3
37.8
22.4
21.1
Other borrowings 
1,262.0 
835.5
321.1
3.2
2.5
1.9
97.8

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Borrowings 
1,521.7 
876.4
375.6
56.6
61.0
24.3
127.8
Overdrafts and current accounts 
519.2 
519.2
-
-
-
-
-
Outstanding borrowings 
2,040.9 
1,395.6
375.6
56.6
61.0
24.3
127.8
Financial assets measured at fair value through income 
(27.2) 
(27.2)
-
-
-
-
-
Other cash and cash equivalents 
(1,157.9) 
(1,157.9)
-
-
-
-
-
Net debt excluding lease liabilities and 
excluding amortized cost and impact of 
derivative financial instruments 
855.8 
210.5
375.6
56.6
61.0
24.3
127.8
 
The undiscounted contractual interest flows on outstanding financial debt by maturity date are as follows: 
At December 31, 2021 (in millions of euros)  
Total 
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Beyond
5 years
Undiscounted contractual interest payments on 
outstanding borrowings 
69.9 
13.4
10.9
9.5
7.9
5.6
22.6
 
Note 14 Information on leases 
The following analyses show the main items under leases. 
14.1 
Rights of use 
The following table shows the rights of use by category: 
(in millions of euros)  
Lands
Buildings
Plant 
machinery and 
technical 
equipment
Vehicles
Others
Total 
At January 1st, 2020 
45.7
245.6
11.8
268.8
1.9
573.8 
Asset inflows 
7.3
33.9
9.4
62.2
0.1
112.9 
Impairment loss 
-
0.7
-
-
-
0.7 
Amortization 
(6.4)
(55.6)
(4.1)
(76.7)
(0.9)
(143.7) 
Termination 
-
(12.1)
-
(60.0)
-
(72.1) 
Scope effects 
-
(5.4)
(0.1)
(1.4)
-
(6.9) 
Translation effects and other 
0.1
1.0
0.1
1.5
0.1
2.8 
At December 31, 2020 
46.7
208.1
17.1
194.4
1.2
467.5 
 
14.2 
Rental expenses exempted under IFRS 16 
As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the following items continue to be reported as rental expenses: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Short term leases 
29.6 
21.4
Leases of low value assets 
15.7 
31.3
Expenses on variable leases 
0.4 
0.1
Others 
20.1 
5.3
Total 
65.8 
58.1

--- Page 175 ---
175 
14.3 
Lease debt 
At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the discounted cash flows on outstanding lease debt by maturity date are as follows: 
At December 31, 2021 (in millions of euros)  
Total 
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Beyond
2026
Lease obligation 
486.9 
124.5
105.9
80.0
51.0
31.4
94.1
 
 
At December 31, 2020 (in millions of euros)  
Total 
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Beyond
2025
Lease obligation 
590.0 
136.0
93.2
80.7
63.2
43.1
173.8
 
The cash outflows from leases are as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Repayment of the lease debt 
144.0 
151.6
Interest expense related to lease liabilities 
7.5 
8.8
Rental expenses benefiting from exemptions under IFRS 16 
65.8 
58.1
Cash outflows related to leases 
217.3 
218.5
 
Note 15 Non-controlling interests 
Non controlling interests amount to 362.6 million at 31 December 2021 compared to 803.6 millions euros at 31 December 2020. 
They mainly concern: 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
SUEZ NWS 
146.6 
641
 
Details of changes in non-controlling interests are shown in the statement of changes in combined net assets. 
The decrease in non-controlling interests in SUEZ NWS results from the acquisition of the 42% stake held by the New World 
Group in SUEZ NWS on 15 November 2021. 
Note 16 Provisions 
(in millions of euros)  
December 
31, 2020 Allowances
Reversals 
(utilizations
)
Reversals
(surplus
provisions)
Scope 
effects
Impact of
unwinding
discount
adjustments (a)
Translation
adjustments Other
December 31
, 2021 
Post-employment benefit 
obligations and other 
long-term benefits 
366.7
13.9
(19.7)
-
2.4
4.1
3.5
15.0
385.9 
Sector-related risks 
14.6
22.8
(14.9)
-
0.2
-
-
(0.3)
22.4 
Warranties 
5.0
0.5
(1.6)
-
-
-
-
-
3.9

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Tax risks, other disputes 
and claims 
43.9
11.9
(19.1)
-
(3.5)
-
0.1
0.8
34.1 
Site restoration 
300.3
40.1
(50.7)
-
(3.5)
15.1
-
-
301.3 
Restructuring costs 
19.0
15.4
(9.5)
-
(0.8)
-
0.1
(0.2)
24.0 
Other contingencies 
139.3
76.3
(42.2)
-
5.9
0.1
-
3.3
182.7 
Total provisions 
888.8
180.9
(157.7)
-
0.7
19.3
3.7
18.6
954.3 
Total current provisions 
123.3
95.3
(67.1)
-
(1.0)
-
0.5
(8.6)
142.4 
Total non-current 
provisions 
765.8
85.7
(90.6)
-
1.7
19.3
3.3
26.7
811.8 
 
(a) 
The discounting impact on post-employment and other long-term benefits relates to the interest expense calculated on the net amount of pension obligations and the fair value 
of plan assets, in accordance with IAS 19 revised. 
The total amount of provisions increased by EUR 65.2 million over the period. This change is mainly due to: 
 the change in provisions for post-employment and other long-term benefits for EUR +19.2 million mainly related to the change 
in actuarial gains and losses in the “Other” column (see Note 17); 
 the change in provisions for other risks of EUR +43.4 million is mainly due changes in the provisions for losses at completion 
on construction contracts. 
The allowances, reversals and the impact of unwinding discount adjustments presented above and linked to discounting impacts 
are presented as follows in the combined income statement at 31 December 2021: 
(in millions of euros)  
2021 
Income from operating activities 
21.5 
Other financial income and expenses 
19.3 
Income tax expense 
1.8 
Total 
42.6 
 
The analysis by nature of the provisions and the principles applicable to their calculation are set out below. 
16.1 
Post-employment and other long-term benefits 
The evolution of this item is presented in Note 17. 
16.2 
Sector related risks 
This item primarily includes provisions for risks relating to investment on share and to warranties given in connection with 
divestments that are likely to be called upon. 
16.3 
Tax risks, other disputes and claims 
This item includes provisions related to ongoing procedures concerning employees or social security bodies (adjustment of social 
security contributions, etc.), ongoing disputes arising from the Company’s normal activity (customer complaints, supplier disputes), 
tax adjustments and tax disputes. 
16.4 
Site reconstruction 
The European Directive of June 1998 on landfills introduced obligations for the closure and long-term monitoring of landfills. These 
obligations imposed on the holder of the operating permit (or, failing that, on the owner of the land in the event of the operator’s 
default) set out rules and conditions to be observed in terms of the design and sizing of storage centres, the collection and 
treatment of liquid (leachate) and gaseous (biogas) effluents, and the establishment of a 30-year monitoring system for these 
sites. 
These provisions of two types (redevelopment and long-term monitoring) are calculated site by site and are constituted during the 
period of operation of the site in proportion to the consumption of the excavation void (linking of expenses and income). These costs, 
which will have to be incurred when the site is closed or during the long-term monitoring period (generally 30 years in the European 
Union after the site is closed, 20 years in France pursuant to the ministerial order of 15 February 2016 followed by a renewable

--- Page 177 ---
177 
5-year monitoring period), are discounted. An asset is recognised against the provision. It is amortised at the rate of consumption 
of the excavation void or the need for cover, i.e. during the financial year. 
The calculation of the provision for rehabilitation (when the storage facility closes) depends on the type of cover chosen: semi-
permeable, semi-permeable with drain, or impermeable. This choice has a strong impact on the level of future leachate production 
and consequently on the future costs of treating these effluents. The calculation of this provision requires an assessment of the 
cost of reclaiming the remaining area to be covered. The provision recorded in the statement of financial position at the end of the 
period must allow for the redevelopment of the part not yet treated (difference between the filling rate and the percentage of the 
site surface already redeveloped). Each year, the provision is re-evaluated on the basis of the work carried out and that to be 
carried out. 
The calculation of the provision for long-term monitoring depends on the costs of leachate and biogas production on the one hand, 
and on the recovery of biogas on the other. This biogas recovery is a source of income and reduces the long-term monitoring 
expenses. The main items of expenditure for long-term monitoring are: 
 construction of infrastructure (biogas recovery unit, leachate treatment facility) and demolition works of facilities used during the 
operational period; 
 maintenance and repair of roofing and infrastructure (surface water collection); 
 control and monitoring of surface water, groundwater and leachate; 
 replacement and repair of control points (piezometers); 
 leachate treatment costs; 
 the expenses related to the collection and treatment of biogas (but taking into account the income generated by its recovery). 
The long-term monitoring provision to be disclosed in the period-end statement of financial position is based on the filling rate of 
the storage facility at the end of the period, the estimated total expenditure per year and per item (based on standard or specific 
costs), the expected date of closure of the site and the discount rate used for each site (based on its remaining life). 
Note 17 Post-employment and other long-term benefits 
17.1 
Description of the main pension plans and similar benefits 
Most of the New SUEZ companies provide their employees with post-employment benefits (pension plans and end-of-career 
indemnities, medical coverage, benefits in kind, etc.), as well as other long-term benefits such as long-service awards. 
17.1.1 
Main pension schemes 
Employees benefit from defined contribution pension schemes such as the basic social security scheme or supplementary pension 
schemes. Some employees also benefit from voluntary pension schemes, some of which are defined benefit schemes through 
which the employer undertakes to pay its employees, or a category of its employees, retirement pensions the amount of which is 
fixed contractually. 
17.1.2 
Other post-employment and long-term benefits 
In addition to the pension supplements mentioned above, most of the New SUEZ entities grant their employees long-service 
awards, which correspond to bonuses paid during the period of activity to the employees concerned, when they meet certain 
seniority conditions. In addition, several New SUEZ companies undertake to finance part of the costs incurred by their employees 
and/or retirees in the event of specific events (illnesses, etc.) and in addition to the amounts paid under the defined contribution 
plans. 
These obligations are under defined benefit plans. They are presented in the following tables under “other post-employment 
benefits” and “other long-term benefits”. 
17.2 
Defined benefit plans 
17.2.1 
Amounts presented in the statement of financial position and statement of comprehensive income 
In accordance with IAS 19, the information presented in the statement of financial position for post-employment and other long-
term benefits is the difference between the defined benefit obligation (gross obligation) and the fair value of the plan assets. Where 
this difference is positive, a provision is recorded (net liability). When the difference is negative, a net asset is recognised as long 
as it meets the conditions for recognition of a plan asset. 
The changes in provisions and assets for pensions and similar commitments recognised in the statement of financial position are 
as follows:

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(in millions of euros)  
Assets
Liabilities
Total
Balance at December 31, 2020 
0.3
(366.7)
(366.4)
Translation gains and losses 
-
(3.8)
(3.8)
Actuarial gains and losses (a)  
(0.2)
(14.1)
(14.3)
Changes in scope of consolidation and other 
(0.2)
(1.9)
(2.1)
Expense of the period (b)  
-
(13.9)
(13.9)
Contributions 
0.3
14.5
14.8
Balance at December 31, 2021 
0.2
(385.9)
(385.7)
 
(a) 
Actuarial gains and losses on employee benefits. 
(b) 
Including actuarial gains and losses on long-term benefits (particularly long-service awards). 
Plan assets and reimbursement rights are presented in the statement of financial position under the non-current and current “Other 
assets” lines. 
The impact of the financial year 2021 brings out a cost of (13,9) million euros versus a net income of 1,7 million euros in 2020. 
The main components of this cost for 2021 are presented in Note 17.2.3. 
Actuarial gains and losses on post-employment benefits recognised in equity amount to (151.9) million euros at 
31 December 2021 compared to (142.1) million euros at 31 December 2020. (142.1) million at 31 December 2020. They are 
presented here excluding the translation adjustment and the tax effect, the latter being presented separately in the statement of 
comprehensive income. 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Opening balance 
(142.1) 
(137.6)
Actuarial gains and (losses) generated during the year (a)  
(14.3) 
2.3
Changes in scope of consolidation and other 
4.5 
(6.8)
Closing balance 
(151.9) 
(142.1)
 
(a) 
On employee benefits. 
The closing balance of actuarial gains and losses presented above includes actuarial gains and losses recognised in companies 
accounted for using the equity method. 
17.2.2 
Changes in the amount of liabilities and plan assets 
The table below shows the amount of New SUEZ’s defined benefit obligation and plan assets, their evolution over the years, and 
a reconciliation with the amounts recognised in the statement of financial position. 
(in millions of euros)  
 
December 31, 2021 
Pension
benefit
obligations (a
)
Other post-
employment 
benefits (b)
Other long
term
benefits (c)
Total 
Change in Projected Benefit Obligation 
 
 
Projected Benefit Obligation at the beginning of the period 
 
(244.2)
(127.0)
(10.1)
(381.3) 
Service Cost 
 
(13.3)
(1.7)
(0.8)
(15.8) 
Interest cost 
 
(1.9)
(2.3)
-
(4.2) 
Contributions paid 
 
-
-
-
- 
Amendments 
 
(0.1)
-
-
(0.1) 
Acquisitions/Disposals of subsidiaries 
 
(1.4)
-
(0.1)
(1.5) 
Curtailments/settlements 
 
5.4 
0.2 
0.2
5.8 
Special terminations 
 
-
-
-
- 
Financial actuarial gains and losses 
 
2.6 
2.0 
-
4.6 
Demographic actuarial gains and losses 
 
(18.4)
(0.7)
0.4
(18.7) 
Benefits paid 
 
9.0 
5.4 
0.7
15.1 
Other 
 
0.3 
(2.6)
-
(2.3) 
Projected Benefit Obligation at the end of period 
(A)
(262.0)
(126.7)
(9.7)
(398.4)

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Change in fair value of plan assets 
 
 
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the period 
 
14.9 
-
-
14.9 
Expected return on plan assets 
 
0.1 
-
-
0.1 
Contributions received 
 
8.0 
5.4 
0.6
14.0 
Curtailments/settlements 
 
-
-
-
- 
Actuarial gains and losses 
 
0.1 
-
-
0.1 
Benefits paid 
 
(8.4)
(5.4)
(0.6)
(14.4) 
Other 
 
(1.9)
-
-
(1.9) 
Fair value of plan assets at the end of period 
(B)
12.8 
-
-
12.8 
Funded status 
(A+B)
(249.2)
(126.7)
(9.7)
(385.6) 
Net benefit obligation 
 
(249.2)
(126.7)
(9.7)
(385.6) 
Total Liabilities 
 
(249.3)
(126.8)
(9.8)
(385.9) 
Total Assets 
 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1
0.3 
 
(a) 
Pensions and retirement bonuses. 
(b) 
Medical coverage, gratuities and other post-employment benefits. 
(c) 
Long-service awards and other long-term benefits. 
17.2.3 
Component of the cost for the year 
The cost recognised for pensions and similar defined benefit obligations in 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Exercice 2021 
December 31,
2020
Current service cost 
(15.8) 
(15.5)
Net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability 
(4.1) 
(4.5)
Actuarial gains or losses 
0.4 
0.4
Past service cost/amendments 
(0.1) 
11.7
Gains or losses on Pension Plan curtailments, terminations and settlements 
5.7 
9.6
Total 
(13.9) 
1.7
of which recognized in current operating income 
(9.8) 
6.2
of which recognized in financial income/(loss) 
(4.1) 
(4.5)
 
17.2.4 
Policy and strategy for covering pension and similar commitments 
Where defined benefit plans are financially backed, the assets are invested through pension funds and/or insurance companies. 
The allocation between these broad categories differs for each plan according to the investment practices of the countries 
concerned. The investment strategies of defined benefit plans aim to strike a good balance between the return on investment and 
the associated risks. 
The investment objectives are: 
 maintain sufficient liquidity to pay pensions or other lump sum payments; and 
 within a framework of controlled risk, to achieve a long-term rate of return remunerating the discount rate or, where appropriate, 
at least equal to the future returns requested. 
The coverage of the liabilities is analysed as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Present benefit 
obligation
Fair value of 
plan assets
Cost of 
unrecognized 
past service
Limit on
defined benefit
assets and 
supplementary 
provision
Total net 
obligation
Underfunded plans 
(35.1)
14.1
-
-
(21.0)
Overfunded plans 
(0.7)
0.8
-
-
0.1
Unfunded plans 
(345.5)
-
-
-
(345.5)
Total December 31, 2020 
(381.3)
14.9
-
-
(366.4)
Underfunded plans 
(29.7)
11.9
-
-
(17.8)
Overfunded plans 
(0.6)
0.9
-
-
0.3

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Unfunded plans 
(368.1)
-
-
-
(368.1)
Total December 31, 2021 
(398.4)
12.8
-
-
(385.6)
 
The breakdown of the cover assets into the main asset categories is as follows: 
  
2021 
2020
Securities 
5% 
7%
Bonds 
69% 
67%
Real Estate 
7% 
5%
Other (including money market securities) 
19% 
21%
Total 
100% 
100%
 
17.2.5 
Actuarial assumptions 
Actuarial assumptions have been determined by country and company in conjunction with independent actuaries. 
The weighted rates are presented as follows: 
  
Pensions 
Other post-
employment benefits 
Long-term benefits 
Total benefit 
obligation 
2021 
2020
2021 
2020
2021 
2020
2021 
2020
Discount rate 
0.6% 
0.5%
2.2% 
2.5%
1.1% 
0.8%
1.5% 
1.9%
Estimated future increase in salaries 
1.3% 
0.9%
2.5% 
3.6%
1.6% 
1.5%
2.2% 
2.6%
Inflation Rate 
0.9% 
0.8%
2.1% 
2.3%
1.5% 
1.7%
1.5% 
2.1%
Average remaining working lives of 
participating employees 
15 ans 
15 ans
14 ans 
14 ans
6 ans 
8 ans
15 ans 
15 ans
 
The discount and salary increase rates are presented including inflation. 
The discount rate used is determined by reference to the yield, at the valuation date, on bonds issued by senior companies, for a 
maturity corresponding to the duration of the commitment. 
Similarly to 31 December 2020, the rates at the end of 2021 have been determined for each currency area using data on either 
the yield on high quality corporate bonds or the yield on government bonds for countries where there is no deep market for high 
quality corporate bonds. A discount rate curve has been selected per currency area and applied to the debt and to the components 
of the current expense (Service Cost and Net Interest). 
Note 18 Share-based payments or cash payments 
The amounts recognised for share-based and cash-based payments are as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
Note 
(Expense) for the period 
2021 
2020
Performance share and units plans 
18.1 
(11.4) 
(2.1)
Employees share issues 
18.2 
(19.5) 
-
Long-term incentive plan (a)  
 
- 
3.8
Total 
 
(30.9) 
1.7
 
(a) 
In 2020, this line included a reversal of a provision relating to the 2017 plan for which the grant period had expired. This reversal of the provision was the counterpart of the 
amount paid to the beneficiaries and was recorded in personnel expenses. 
These expenses are accounted for in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 2 and IAS 19 (revised).

--- Page 181 ---
181 
18.1 
Free share and performance unit plans 
Free share and performance unit plans are those set up in the Former SUEZ. The costs presented below are correspond to the 
benefits awarded to NEW SUEZ employees and either paid by combined entities or directly by the Former SUEZ holding 
Company. 
18.1.1 
Devices and allocations 
No new free share and performance unit plans were granted during the year. 
18.1.2 
Accounting expenses 
(in millions of euros)  
Weighted average fair 
value
(Expense) for the period 
2021 
2020
July 2018 – Performance units plan 
7.2 €
0.8 
(0.8)
October 2019 -Performance units plan 
19.7 €
(11.5) 
(4.5)
November 2020 – Performance units plan 
19.7 €
(8.8) 
(0.6)
Total 
 
(19.5) 
(5.9)
 
The costs of the plans, including social security charges, are spread over the vesting period of the rights against equity for the 
performance share plan and against social security liabilities for the performance unit plans. 
The Board of Directors of Former SUEZ, on July 28, 2021 lifted the initial presence conditions of the performance unit plans 
granted in 2019 and 2020 so that the payments to the beneficiaries would take place in the month following the closing of 
Veolia S.A.’s takeover bid for the SUEZ S.A. shares. 
The performance share and performance unit plans granted in 2018 vested on 30 September 2021 and 31 October 2021 
respectively. 
The provisions relating to the Free Share and Performance Unit Plans are described in detail in the previous Universal Registration 
Documents and Reference Documents of SUEZ. 
18.2 
Capital increases reserved for employees employees 
The costs recorded in 2021 and 2020 on the current plans is as follows: 
(in millions of euros)  
 
(Expense) for the period 
2021 
2020
SUEZ Sharing 2020 Plan 
Discount in France
Jannuary 2021
(19.5) 
-
Total 
 
(19.5) 
-
 
18.2.1 
Sharing 2020 Plan 
On 6 January 2021, Former SUEZ launched its fifth employee shareholding plan called Sharing 2021. This capital increase 
reserved for the Group’s employees in France is part of a policy to develop employee shareholding. 
The proposed formula was a “Multiple” formula allowing employees to benefit from a leverage effect to complete their personal 
contribution as well as a discounted subscription price. Through a swap agreement with the bank structuring the discount formula, 
employees benefit from a guarantee on their personal contribution and a minimum return guarantee. 
18.2.1.1 
Accounting impact of the capital increase in France 
The subscription price corresponds to the average of the opening price of the SUEZ (Former SUEZ) share during the 20 trading 
days preceding the date of the decision of the Chief Executive Officer of Former SUEZ fixing the opening of the 
subscription/withdrawal period, less 15%, i.e. 14.59 euros. 
In application of IFRS 2, an expense is recognised in the accounts of NEW SUEZ against combined net assets, even if the plan 
is mostly financed by non combined entities. For the discount granted on the share price, the accounting charge corresponds to 
the difference between the fair value of the share subscribed and the subscription price. The fair value takes into account the 
condition of non-transferability of the shares over a period of 5 years, provided for by French legislation, as well as the opportunity 
gain implicitly borne by SUEZ by allowing its employees to benefit from more favourable pricing conditions than those they could 
obtain as individuals.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
The assumptions made are as follows: 
 5-year risk-free interest rate: 0%; 
 funding rate for an employee: 0%; 
 cost of securities lending: 0.80; 
 volatility spread: 1.92. 
(19.5) million in the year 2021. 
  
  
Sharing
Multiple
Amount subscribed (in millions of euros)  
  
149.8
Number of shares subscribed (in millions)  
(a) 
8.7
Gross value of the employee benefit (euros/share) 
b1 
2.57
Lock-in cost for the employee (euros/share) 
b2 
(0.68)
Measure of opportunity gain (euros/share) 
b3 
0.33
Total benefit granted to employees* (euros/share) 
(b) = b1+b2+b3 
2.23
Book expense 
- (a) X (b) 
(19.5)
 
* 
When the benefit granted to employees is negative, it is reduced to 0. 
The net contribution received by the employees was paid in cash by SUEZ and was recorded in personnel expenses. 
The valuation of the expense recognised depends, among other things, on the assessment of the opportunity gain. A variation of 
+/-0.5 points in these rates would have the following impacts on the recognised expense: 
Sensitivity (change in expense in millions of euros) 
Total
Increase in opportunity gain +0.5% 
(0.7)
 
Note 19 Court and arbitration proceedings 
New SUEZ is involved in the normal course of business in a number of disputes and arbitrations with third parties or with the tax 
authorities of certain countries. Provisions are made for these disputes and arbitrations when there is an obligation (legal, 
contractual or implicit) to a third party at the balance sheet date, it is probable that an outflow of resources without consideration 
will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount of this outflow of resources can be estimated with sufficient reliability. The 
amount of provisions set aside for this purpose at 31 December 2021 is EUR 34.1 million. 
Note 20 Events after the balance sheet date 
During the month of January 2022, several transfers of shares took place between the combined scope and the non-combined 
scope of Former SUEZ in order to prepare for the finalisation of the buyout by the Consortium of the New SUEZ scope. This 
mainly concerns the purchase of “Sino-French (SCIP) Sewage Company Limited” by “Sino French Water Development” from 
SUEZ Asia (the first two companies are in the combined scope, while the last one is not. 
The transfer by SUEZ to the Consortium of the New SUEZ perimeter took place on 31 January 2022. Nevertheless, at this date, 
several transfers of subsidiaries or activities remain to be carried out once the contractually or legally required authorisations have 
been obtained. 
This mainly concerns the transfer by SUEZ to the Consortium of LYDEC; the other activities awaiting transfer present a non-
material contribution to the combined accounts. 
Management considers it likely that these transactions will be completed.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
The table below shows LYDEC’s contribution to the combined accounts: 
 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Non-current assets 
469.4 
506.1
Current assets 
300.5 
289.0
of which cash and cash equivalents 
25.1 
6.1
Total Assets 
769.9 
795.1
Shareholders’ equity, Group share 
(7.9) 
(11.6)
Non-controlling interests 
(7.6) 
(11.1)
Total shareholders’ equity 
(15.5) 
(22.7)
Non-current liabilities 
389.8 
430.2
Current liabilities 
395.6 
387.6
Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities 
769.9 
795.1
 
 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Revenues 
668.1 
629.2
Current operating income 
40.4 
26.2
Net income 
10.0 
1.2
of which: Group share 
5.1 
0.6
 
 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
EBITDA 
103.1 
91.1
EBIT 
40.4 
26.2
 
 
(in millions of euros)  
December 31, 
2021 
December 31,
2020
Cash flows from operating activities 
70.5 
4.1
Cash flows from investing activities 
(29.1) 
(31.7)
Cash flows from financing activities 
(22.7) 
14.8
Net debt 
103.8 
133.4

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Note 21 List of major combined companies as at 
31 December 2021 and 2020 
  
Names 
 
Headquarters address 
% interest 
% control 
Consolidation 
methods (a)
Dec. 2021 Dec. 2020 Dec. 2021 Dec. 2020 Dec. 2021 Dec. 2020
Water 
 
 
 
 
SUEZ Eau France 
Tour CB21, 16 Place de l’Iris, 
92040 Paris-La Défense Cedex – France 
100,0 
100,0
100,0 
100,0
FC 
FC
SUEZ Australia 
Holding Pty Ltd 
Level 3, 3 Rider Boulevard 2138 
Rhodes, NSW – Australie 
100,0 
100,0
100,0 
100,0
FC 
FC
Sociedade de 
Abastecimento de 
Aguas de Macau 
718 avenida do Conselheiro borja, 
Macao – Chine 
49,3 
49,3
85,0 
85,0
FC 
FC
SUEZ International 
Tour CB21, 16 Place de l’Iris, 
92040 Paris-La Défense Cedex – France 
100,0 
100,0
100,0 
100,0
FC 
FC
LYDEC 
48, Boulevard Mohamed Diouri, 
Casablanca – Maroc 
51,0 
51,0
51,0 
51,0
FC 
FC
ACEA Spa 
P.le Ostiense, 2 – 00154 Roma – Italie 
23,3 
23,3
23,3 
23,3
EM 
EM
Chongqing Derun 
Environment 
Company Limited 
NO. 20-1, Block 3, 101 Cypress Road 
Springfield Road Chongqing – Chine 
25,1 
12,6
25,1 
12,6
EM 
EM
RECYCLING AND RECOVERY  
 
 
 
SUEZ RV France 
Tour CB21, 16 Place de l’Iris, 
92040 Paris-La Défense Cedex – France 
100,0 
100,0
100,0 
100,0
FC 
FC
Environmental Technology & Solutions – ETS  
 
 
 
Safège 
15, rue du Port, 92022 Nanterre – France 
100,0 
100,0
100,0 
100,0
FC 
FC
 
(a) 
FC: Full consolidation. 
 
EM: Equity method of consolidation. 
 
NC: Non consolidated.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
REPORT OF THE STATUTORY AUDITORS OF SUEZ SA ON THE COMBINED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS OF THE NEW SUEZ PERIMETER FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 
 
 
MAZARS 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92075 Paris-La Défense cedex 
S.A. à directoire et conseil de 
surveillance au capital de € 8 320 000 
784 824 153 R.C.S. Nanterre 
 
Commissaire aux Comptes 
Membre de la compagnie 
régionale de Versailles et du Centre 
ERNST & YOUNG Audit 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense cedex 
S.A.S. à capital variable 
438 476 913 R.C.S. Nanterre 
 
 
Commissaire aux Comptes 
Membre de la compagnie 
régionale de Versailles et du Centre 
 
New SUEZ  
 
Year ended December 31, 2021  
 
Report of the statutory auditors of SUEZ SA on the combined financial statements of the New SUEZ 
scope  
 
To the members of the Board of Directors,  
 
In our capacity as statutory auditors of SUEZ SA (the New SUEZ holding company), and in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, within the 
framework of the proposed admission to trading of debt securities on the Euronext Paris regulated market, we 
have audited the accompanying combined financial statements of the New SUEZ scope as defined in the notes 
to the combined financial statements, for the year ended December 31, 2021, prepared for the purposes of the 
prospectus.  
 
Due to the global crisis related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the financial statements for this period have been 
prepared and audited under special circumstances. Indeed, this crisis and the exceptional measures taken in the 
context of the health emergency have had numerous consequences for companies, particularly on their 
operations and their financing, and have led to greater uncertainties regarding their future prospects. Some of 
these measures, such as travel restrictions and remote working, have also had an impact on companies’ internal 
organization and on the performance of audits.  
 
These combined financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of SUEZ SA (New SUEZ 
holding company). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with professional standards applicable in France and with the 
professional guidance issued by the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (CNCC) relating 
to this type of engagement. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance that the combined financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit consists of 
performing procedures, using sampling techniques or other selection methods, to obtain audit evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes evaluating the 
appropriateness of the accounting principles used and the reasonableness of significant estimates made by 
Management, as well as the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have gathered is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
In our opinion, the combined financial statements of the New SUEZ scope, prepared for the purposes of the 
prospectus, give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities and of the financial position of the combined 
scope as at December 31, 2021 and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.  
 
Without qualifying the opinion expressed above, we draw your attention to Note 1.2 "Basis of preparation of 
the combined accounts" which presents the New SUEZ scope of combination and the approach used for the 
preparation of the combined financial statements.  
 
Paris-La Défense, April 27, 2022  
 
The Statutory Auditors 
 
MAZARS 
 
ERNST & YOUNG Audit 
Julien Huvé 
Jean-Christophe Goudard

--- Page 187 ---
187 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
On 6 May 2022, Suez published the following press release: 
“SUEZ: ACQUISITION OF THE HAZARDOUS WASTE ASSETS IN FRANCE FROM VEOLIA 
SUEZ and Veolia announce an agreement for the acquisition by SUEZ of all hazardous waste assets in France 
as part of commitments made by Veolia to the European Commission regarding competition. The assets 
represent an enterprise value of €690 million 
The agreement is formalized through a unilateral put option which should enable the parties to complete the 
transaction and the consultation process with the works councils of Veolia and to obtain the required regulatory 
approvals. The agreement will be implemented in compliance with the social commitments announced by both 
Groups.”

--- Page 188 ---
188 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 6 May 2022 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to issue Notes directly 
on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be placed by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two 
or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), nor with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons exemption in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable 
state securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes are bearer notes under U.S. tax law; which are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions, or to a U.S. person; except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, deliver Notes of any Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing 
date, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Furthermore, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in any 
“directed selling efforts” (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S) with respect to the Notes and each of the 
foregoing persons has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulations S.  
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance with 
Regulation S and U.S. tax law. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche of Notes and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer 
or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the 
United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the 
United States to any other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise 
such non-U.S. person with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer or any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than 
those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
retail investors in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Relevant State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
- 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or 
- 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
- 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
(ii) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (i) it is 
a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to retail investors in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
-  
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or 
-  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
- 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
France 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and 
will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to, qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or 
any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
Belgium 
In the case of Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months that qualify as money market instruments, this 
Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian 
Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “Belgian FSMA”). Accordingly, no action will be taken and 
the Dealers have represented and agreed that it shall refrain from taking any action that would require the 
publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market (the 
“Belgian Prospectus Law”). 
Materialised Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or 
other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not

--- Page 192 ---
192 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation 
to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(the Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Hong Kong  
This Base Prospectus has not been, and the applicable Final Terms will not be, approved by or registered with 
the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (“SFO”)) other than (i) to professional investors as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “CWUMPO”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
 
People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the “PRC”) as 
part of the initial distribution of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in 
the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
Neither the issuer nor the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the 
PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer nor any Dealer which would permit

--- Page 193 ---
193 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not 
being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes 
or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
(c) 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulation 2018 of Singapore.  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 
2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are “prescribed capital markets 
products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Italian Financial Services Act”), CONSOB Regulation No.20307 of 15 February 
2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority.  
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of 
the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Save as stated herein, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to retail investors 
of any of the Notes. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be resold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such resale. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable enquiries) comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and none of the Issuer or 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France and the United States. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018, as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
2[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials”), as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID 
II”)]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
                                                     
1  
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
2  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3  
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 196 ---
196 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[ capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).] 6 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
“consumers” (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
SUEZ 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007LKZ37MXEN5D79 
(the “Issuer”) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Under the 
                                                     
4 
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B below. 
5  
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below. 
6 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Euro 7,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
SERIES NO: [] 
TRANCHE NO: [] 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2022 which received approval no. 22-137 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 6 May 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated []7 which received 
approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s website (www.suez.com). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
Issuer: 
Suez 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about forty 
(40) calendar days after the Issue Date (the 
“Assimilation Date”).] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
                                                     
7  
Delete if no supplement is published.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
5.
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)]  
6.
Specified Denominations: 
[] (one denomination only for the Dematerialised 
Notes) 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[] [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/CMS Spread] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation linked interest] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount.] / [As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes as the case 
may be]  
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs where applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
13. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [the 
Business Day Convention specified below 8] [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]9: 
[] per [] in nominal amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[]] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual - ISDA 
/ Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(vii) 
[Business Day Convention10 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention]] 
 
(viii) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating Interest Amounts (if 
not the Calculation Agent)11 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
                                                     
8  
RMB Notes only. 
9  
Not applicable for RMB Notes. 
10  
RMB Notes only. 
11  
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[], in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[] specify/Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/€STR/CMS Rate/see CMS combination 
formula below] 
 
(B) 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[[●] [TARGET Business Days]] / [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
(C) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day of each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(D) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(E) 
CMS combination 
formula: 
[m × CMS Rate [specify maturity] [+/-/×] n × CMS Rate 
[specify maturity]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
m: 
[Not Applicable / [●]]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
(only applicable in the case of CMS combination 
formula) 
 
(G) 
n: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of CMS combination 
formula) 
 
(H) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
(I) 
Specified Time: 
[] 
 
(J) 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
(K) 
Reference Bank 
[[] specify four/Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
(B) 
Floating Rate 
 
Determination Date 
 
(Date de Détermination 
 
du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. the fall-back provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Recueil de Taux – Additifs 
Techniques FBF are reliant upon the provisions by 
reference banks of offered quotations for EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
- 
Calculation Period: 
[] 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) / [] 
 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [] 
 
- 
Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) / []

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall 
be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounding: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
- 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
- 
Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
- 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift 
Additional business Days: 
[] 
 
- 
Compound with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant financial 
center(s)] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent.] / [[] per cent. per annum (such rate to 
be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 203 ---
203 
(xv) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA 
/ Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
16. Zero Coupon Notes provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition 6(g)(i)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
17. Inflation Linked Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] 
(ii) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if 
not the Calculation Agent):  
[] 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/ US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: []) 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent.] / [[] per cent. per annum (such rate to 
be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA 
/ Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
(xii) 
[Reference month: 
[]]

--- Page 204 ---
204 
(xiii) 
[Spread: 
[]] 
(xiv) 
[Multiplier: 
[]] 
(xv) 
[Change in the US CPI: 
[]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination]12 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum nominal 
 
amount to be 
 
redeemed: 
[] 
 
 
(B) 
Maximum nominal 
 
amount to be 
 
redeemed: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period:13 
[] 
19. Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period14:  
[] 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
(iii) 
Method of determination of the 
Make-whole Redemption Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation]/[Reference Screen Rate] 
(iv) 
Reference Screen Rate 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable][as per Condition 6(c)][] 
(vi) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] 
                                                     
12  
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
13  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
14  
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
(vii) 
Make-Whole 
Calculation 
Agent: 
[] 
20. Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
Clean-Up Percentage 
[75] per cent./ [●] per cent. 
21. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination]15 
(iii) 
Notice period16: 
[] 
22. Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] /[As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes as the case 
may be] 
 
 
24. Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] 
 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 6(f) applies] 
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●])  
 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
                                                     
15  
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
16  
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
25. Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(h)) or for illegality 
(Condition 6(l)): 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days others than 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
(Condition 6(h)(i)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
(Materialised 
Bearer 
Notes 
only) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
26. Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/ US CPI] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 6(g)(ii) applies]  
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/ US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
27. Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and may 
only be issued outside France). 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether: bearer dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/administered 
registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré)/fully 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name 
and details] (note that a registration agent must be

--- Page 207 ---
207 
appointed in relation to fully registered dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [] 
(the “Exchange Date”), being forty (40) calendar days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as specified 
in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes) 
28. Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.] (Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which items 15(ii), 16(iii) and 
18(vii) relates) 
29. Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
30. Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
31. [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
information 
of 
Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) is contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
32. [Exclusion of the possibility of holding 
and reselling purchased Notes in 
accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations (Condition 6(i)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and reselling 
purchased Notes in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations in accordance with Condition 6(i) is 
contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
33. Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
apply] 
34. [Payment in Euro Equivalent instead of 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent in the case 
contemplated in Condition 7(i) for RMB 
Notes] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 208 ---
208 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 209 ---
209 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [] with effect from [].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already admitted to trading on [●] as from [its/their 
respective] issue date.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated] / [The Notes to be 
issued [are expected to be ] / [have been] rated: 
 
[Moody’s: []] 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [Moody's] is established in 
the European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended, 
although the result of such applications has not been 
determined.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [Moody's] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website

--- Page 210 ---
210 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[[●], [●] and] [Moody's] [is/are] not established in 
the European Union and [has/have] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended [(the “CRA Regulation”), but is endorsed 
by [insert credit rating agency's name] which is 
established in the European Union, registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk)].]. 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).] /[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”))] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] has not been 
certified under (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation] 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for the fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]

--- Page 211 ---
211 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[●] /General corporate purposes /Financing and/or 
refinancing [in whole or in part] the Eligible Green 
Projects described below: 
 
[Describe specific Eligible Green Projects included 
in the Green Bond Framework and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party 
opinions and/or where the information can be 
obtained.]] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from (i) 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus and/or (ii) 
financing and/or refinancing existing or future 
Eligible Green Projects described in the Green Bond 
Framework, give details)] 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - Performance of Rates 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge 
from [Reuters / give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] 
which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at [●], [●] 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]].]

--- Page 212 ---
212 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – Performance of Index and Other Information Concerning the 
Underlying  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, 
[but not free of charge], from: [●]/ [give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
volatility and performance]: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
8. 
Operational Information 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, SA and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the 
rate of [] producing a sum of: 
[] 
9. 
Distribution 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names of Managers] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
 
 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes

--- Page 213 ---
213 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]  
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For 
the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 
an investment, where, regardless of the legal form of 
the investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]  
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For 
the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA, an investment, where, regardless of the legal 
form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.)

--- Page 214 ---
214 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 6 May 2023 provided that 
it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base 
Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Application will be made 
in certain circumstances to admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and application may be made for the 
listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the establishment of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes under the Programme will be authorised by a resolution of its Conseil 
d’administration which may delegate its powers within one (1) year from the date of such authorisation 
to any person of its choice. For this purpose, the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer, on 4 May 
2022, delegated its powers to issue up to €5,000,000,000 of notes to the Chief Executive Officer of 
the Issuer for a period of one (1) year (i.e., until 3 May 2023). 
(3) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in section “Description of the Issuer”, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021. 
(4) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in section “Description of the Issuer”, there has been no 
significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2021. 
(5) 
There has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the period of twelve (12) months 
immediately preceding the date of approval of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in 
the recent past, a significant effect on the Issuer's or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
(6) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number, in relation to the Notes of each 
Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any 
other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
(7) 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of 
the Programme”) of Notes, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
(8) 
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL 
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE 
NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS 
AVAILABLE.” 
(9) 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will bear 
the following legend: “ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS NOTE WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
(10) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(11) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
“benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (the “ESMA Benchmarks Register”). In particular, EURIBOR is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears 
on the ESMA Benchmarks Register.  
(12) 
The website of the Issuer is www.suez.com. The information on such website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
(13) 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent, and their affiliates have 
and/or may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking, commercial banking and other 
financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities 
issued by any entity of the Group (as defined above). They have or may (i) engage in investment 
banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, 
financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with 
offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group. In the context of these 
transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of 
the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. Hence, the Dealers for a Tranche of Notes may have interests differing from the 
Noteholder’s interests with respect to the implementation of an issue of Notes. Potential conflicts of

--- Page 216 ---
216 
interest may also arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Series of Notes and the Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer and one or several Dealers, all or part of the 
proceeds of an issue of Notes may, or may not, potentially be used to repay or reimburse all or part of 
such loans. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Suez 
16 Place de l’Iris (Tour CB21)  
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
 
on 6 May 2022 
Duly represented by: 
Sabrina Soussan, Chief Executive Officer of Suez 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 6 May 2022 and is valid until 6 May 2023 and shall, within this 
period and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The 
Base Prospectus has the following approval number: 22-137.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Issuer
Suez 
16 Place de l'Iris (Tour CB21) 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Arranger 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Dealers  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
55 boulevard Royal 
L – 2449 
Luxembourg 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI  
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France  
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan  
Italy 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Gross Gallusstrasse, 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center  
Tower H, Level 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent  
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Paying Agent and Registration Agent
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
Auditors
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Régnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1 
France 
Legal Advisers
To the Issuer
To the Dealers
As to French law 
As to French law 
White & Case LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
52, avenue Hoche 
75001 Paris 
CS 90005 
France 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
 
France