--- Page 1 ---
10202181515-v10 
 
70-41014363 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
SP MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
Covered Bond Programme 
___________________________________ 
Sp Mortgage Bank Plc ("Sp Mortgage Bank" or the "Issuer") has established a €3,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the 
"Programme"). Any Covered Bonds (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are 
issued subject to the provisions described herein. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds") under the Finnish Covered Bond Act (in Finnish laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010), as amended (the "CBA") denominated in any currency as may be agreed with the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of the Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The CBI's approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (as defined below) 
or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area. Application will be made to the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Covered Bonds within twelve months after the date 
hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated 
Market") of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the "CRA Regulation"). As such, S&P is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) 
assigned to Covered Bonds already issued. Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
ability of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.

--- Page 2 ---
10202181515-v10 
 
70-41014363 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
NORDEA 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
LANDESBANK BADEN-
WÜRTTEMBERG 
 
8 June 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10202181515-v10 
- ii - 
70-41014363 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such 
Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the 
"Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto (and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein) and, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the 
subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Overview of the Programme" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of 
the Covered Bonds) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly 
held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state 
any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of 
the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) not misleading in any material respect; 
and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor 
the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
incorporated by reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Covered Bonds and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Covered Bonds have not been and

--- Page 4 ---
10202181515-v10 
- iii - 
70-41014363 
 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the "Securities Act") and 
Bearer Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds 
may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, delivered within the United States or to 
U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Covered Bonds. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained (or incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be)  in respect of any Covered Bonds includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who

--- Page 5 ---
10202181515-v10 
- iv - 
70-41014363 
 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set 
out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. The registration status 
of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final

--- Page 6 ---
10202181515-v10 
- v - 
70-41014363 
 
Terms may over allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area and references to "Euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 
2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus: 
The "Savings Banks" refer to the following savings banks belonging to the Amalgamation from time to time, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus: (1) Aito Säästöpankki Oy, (2) Avain Säästöpankki, (3) Ekenäs Sparbank 
Ab, (4) Eurajoen Säästöpankki, (5) Helmi Säästöpankki Oy, (6) Kvevlax Sparbank, (7) Lammin 
Säästöpankki, (8) Liedon Säästöpankki, (9) Länsi-Uudenmaan Säästöpankki, (10) Mietoisten Säästöpankki, 
(11) Myrskylän Säästöpankki, (12) Nooa Säästöpankki Oy, (13) Närpes Sparbank Ab, (14) Someron 
Säästöpankki, (15) Säästöpankki Kalanti-Pyhäranta, (16) Säästöpankki Optia, (17) Säästöpankki Sinetti and 
(18) Ylihärmän Säästöpankki. 
The "Union Co-op" refers to the Savings Banks' Union Co-op, the corporate union co-operative entity which 
is established by the Savings Banks by way of the Amalgamation. The Union Co-op is the central 
administrative institution for the Amalgamation (as described further in the "Information on the Group and 
the Amalgamation" section). 
The "Amalgamation" means (a) the Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's 
consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and the Issuer, (d) 
the companies belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in (c) above, and (e) such 
credit institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the institutions referred to in (a) to (d) 
above combined own more than half of the voting rights. 
The "Member Credit Institutions" refers to the Issuer, the Savings Banks and Central Bank of Savings 
Banks Finland Plc. 
The "Group" refers to the Issuer, the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and certain 
other corporate entities that are consolidated for accounting purposes.

--- Page 7 ---
10202181515-v10 
 
70-41014363 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. ii 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 24 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 30 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 31 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................................... 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................... 38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 70 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS ...................................................................................................... 71 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................................................................ 80 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM......................................................................................................................................................... 87 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 90 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 91 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP AND THE AMALGAMATION .................................................... 103 
THE AMALGAMATION ACT ............................................................................................................... 114 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ORIGINATION DOCUMENTS .................................................................... 118 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL ............................................................ 123 
COVERED BOND ACT .......................................................................................................................... 125 
THE FINNISH HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET ............................................................................. 131 
RESOLUTION LAWS ............................................................................................................................. 139 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 141 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 142 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 145

--- Page 8 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 1 - 
70-41014363 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Covered Bonds is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Covered 
Bonds, prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in 
the Covered Bonds, the business of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates together with all 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described 
below could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect of the Issuer's capacity to 
repay principal and make payment of interest on Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Words and 
expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the industry(ies) in which it operates 
and the Covered Bonds summarised in this section of this Base Prospectus are the risks that the Issuer 
believes to be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to invest in the 
Covered Bonds.  
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Covered Bonds and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties 
relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations 
and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Covered Bonds 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Covered Bonds is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Issuer is part of the Group and serves as the mortgage credit bank of the Group. Where certain factors 
are described below with references to the Group such factors are also relevant to the Issuer as part of the 
Group. 
Risk factors associated with the Group's operating environment 
Uncertain global economic and financial market conditions could adversely affect the Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources 
The ongoing coronavirus pandemic ("COVID 19") continues to have a significant impact on the world 
economy since the outbreak in late December 2019. Economies in Europe have been more heavily affected 
compared to the economies in the United States and China. In Finland, COVID 19 and the related 
lockdowns have impacted the Finnish economy heavily, especially in the service sector. Economic 
development has been volatile and the economic situation has deteriorated since the beginning of 2021 as 
the number of infections increase. Although the Finnish economy has been less affected compared to other 
European countries and is expected to recover in the second half of 2021 with GDP forecasted to grow by 
some 2.5 per cent, economic development in the first half of the year has been weakened by the coronavirus 
and various closure measures. Moreover, even if the infection numbers stabilise and the economy picks up 
again, the main risk for economic recovery is the slow progress of vaccinations or possible new viral 
mutations. In addition, the progress of vaccinations plays an important role in determining the timing of 
recovery. The development and recovery of the Finnish economy is also strongly influenced by the recovery 
of the rest of the world, especially Europe. Given the ongoing and fluid nature of the circumstances, it is 
difficult to predict the overall effect of the COVID 19 on the Group's business. 
Disruptions in the financial markets may also be reflected in the global economy and consequently on 
Finland's economic development. For example, rising inflation rate expectations and the consequent 
concerns about reducing the monetary stimulus may cause nervousness in the financial markets. Concerns 
about the debt sustainability of eurozone countries may also resurface, especially as the COVID 19 crisis 
has led to growing indebtedness. Although the impact of COVID 19 on Finnish households has resulted in 
higher household saving rates which once restrictive measures are lifted may in turn lead to greater spending 
and promotion of rapid economic recovery, layoffs and unemployment have risen, albeit moderately, given 
the nature of the crisis. In addition, while corporate bankruptcies were lower than normal last year, this was 
largely due to a temporary change in bankruptcy legislation that made it more difficult for companies to

--- Page 9 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 2 - 
70-41014363 
 
file for bankruptcy. Despite business support having managed to avoid a significant wave of bankruptcies, 
the number of bankruptcies are expected to rise in 2021. 
The financial results of the Group (as defined above in the section headed "Important Notices") are affected 
by many factors, the most important of which are the general economic situation and its impact on the 
demand for banking services, such as housing loans. Deterioration in market conditions could result in 
difficulties for the Group's customers in meeting their payment obligations, which could lead to increased 
disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and loan losses. Deterioration in the general 
economic situation could also reduce demand for loans, such as housing loans and other products, leading 
to reduced net interest income from the banking business. 
Moreover, income generation in the Group's retail banking segment is significantly affected by changes in 
the interest rate level. Interest rate risk arises when interest rate fixing periods or interest rate bases for 
assets and those for liabilities are mismatched. Net interest income comprises a substantial part of the 
Group's total income. Furthermore, the recent low interest rate levels have not been beneficial to the Group, 
since low interest levels have a negative impact on the Group's net interest income. 
The market value of financial assets held by the Group may also be affected. The changes in market prices 
or decreased liquidity of the financial markets can have an effect on the Group. The Group may either be 
unable to sell certain financial assets or it may be required to sell certain financial assets at a reduced price, 
which could have a negative impact on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, deterioration in the general economic situation could increase the refinancing costs and 
hamper the Group's refinancing options. 
Although the Group's management believes that the Group's capital structure will provide sufficient 
liquidity to conduct the Group's day-to-day banking business even when there is uncertainty in the global 
economy and financial markets, there can be no assurance that the Group's liquidity and access to financing 
will not be affected by changes in the financial markets or that its capital resources will, at all times, be 
sufficient to satisfy the Group's liquidity needs. 
The Savings Banks are exposed to risks relating to the outflow of deposits 
Retail deposits comprise a major share of the Savings Banks' funding. Central Bank of Savings Bank 
Finland Plc supports the liquidity and borrowing activities of the Savings Banks by acquiring funds and 
operating in the money markets and capital markets. Nevertheless, should the current financial situation 
lead to a significant outflow of retail deposits, the Savings Banks' funding structure would change 
substantially and the average cost of funding would increase. Furthermore, this would jeopardise the 
Savings Banks' liquidity, and the Savings Banks would be unable to meet their current and future cash flow 
and collateral needs, both expected and unexpected, without affecting their daily operations or overall 
financial position. Therefore, this could have a negative impact on the Savings Banks' business, results of 
operations and financial conditions. 
The market for the Savings Banks' core business areas remains highly competitive 
The financial services market remains highly competitive in the local and regional markets where the 
Savings Banks operate. For example, the margins of housing loans are currently low due to competition. In 
addition, the operating environment of the financial services market faces significant changes. Innovative 
competition comes both from established players and a steady stream of new market entrants and may take 
the form of new products or operating models such as digitalisation. The market is expected to remain 
highly competitive in the Savings Banks' core business areas, which could adversely affect the Savings 
Banks' business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
Systemic risks may have negative impacts on markets in which the Group operates 
Due to the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Issuer is subject to the risk of 
deterioration of the actual or perceived commercial and financial soundness of other financial institutions. 
Thus a default or financial difficulties of one financial institution may have negative consequences for other 
financial institutions and may lead to liquidity problems, losses, defaults or worsening of general economic 
climate in the markets in which the Issuer operates, and this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 10 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 3 - 
70-41014363 
 
Risk factors associated with the Amalgamation's operations 
The Amalgamation may be exposed to risk related to the availability of funding, and the Amalgamation 
may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity 
A substantial part of the Amalgamation's liquidity and funding requirements is met through reliance on 
customer deposits, as well as ongoing access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term 
debt market instruments such as covered bonds. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy 
may adversely affect the Amalgamation's liquidity. There can be no assurance that alternative sources of 
funding will be available on competitive terms or at all under this Programme, the euro medium term note 
programme of Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc or from other sources of wholesale funding. 
Liquidity risk means the risk of the Issuer, the Group and/or the Amalgamation being unable to meet its 
payment obligations, to refinance its loans when they fall due, and to meet its obligations as a creditor. This 
risk could materialise if market conditions worsen substantially and the Issuer, the Group and/or the 
Amalgamation is unable to maintain adequate liquidity. 
The Group's strategy or its execution may fail 
Each Savings Bank has its own strategy based on and aligned with the Group's strategy. The basic objective 
of the Savings Banks is to promote thrift, the financial well-being of its customers and to operate near its 
customers. According to the Group's strategy, the Savings Banks' success is based on good profitability, 
cost-effectiveness, financial solidity, and risk management (for more information on the Group's strategy, 
see: "Information on the Group and the Amalgamation – Strategy of the Savings Banks"). Strategic risks 
refer to losses that may arise from the choice of an incorrect business strategy in view of the developments 
in the Amalgamation's operating environments. 
However, the Issuer or individual Savings Banks may be unable to successfully execute their strategies, 
and the Group’s strategy may not be competitive or may be insufficient to meet customer requirements in 
the future as competition increases and customer offerings develop in the markets internationally. If the 
Group cannot adapt its strategy to meet these requirements, it may not be able to achieve the expected 
benefits of its strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's and the Issuer's business, 
results of operations and financial condition as well as on the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Operational disturbances and events may affect the Amalgamation's business operations 
Operational risks refer to losses that may arise from shortcomings in internal systems and processes and 
the conduct of personnel or from external factors having an impact on business. Operational risk may also 
materialise in terms of loss or deterioration of reputation or trust. 
The Amalgamation monitors the nature of operational risks, their occurrence and the volume of damages 
or losses in the event of an operational risk incident. The board and senior management of the Member 
Credit Institutions receive regular reporting on operational risks based on the collected data concerning 
operational risk events and damage/loss incurred. The Union Co-op's board receives regular reports on the 
status of the most significant operational risks faced by the Amalgamation. The reports detail realised 
operational risk events, any IT disruptions as well as the quality of outsourced services, the coverage 
provided by insurance policies and the status reports of data security. 
Strategic and operative risks, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on the capital adequacy, 
business operations, financial standing, business results, prospects and solvency of the Group and/or the 
Amalgamation as well as on the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The loan portfolios of the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and the Issuer 
may expose the Amalgamation to credit risks, and the Amalgamation's credit loss estimates may prove 
to be inaccurate 
At 31 December 2020, the Group's loans and advances to customers amounted to EUR 9.3 billion (31 
December 2019; EUR 8.9 billion), growing by 4.2 per cent. during the year ended 31 December 2020. The 
key customer groups of the Group are Finnish private individuals, SMEs and agricultural customers. As the 
key customer groups consist of Finnish customers, it cannot be overlooked that the Group's business, results 
of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by this geographical risk concentration in 
Finland. The majority of the funds raised by the Group have been granted as housing loans to their

--- Page 11 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 4 - 
70-41014363 
 
customers. As at 31 December 2020, households, SMEs and agricultural customers made up 100 per cent. 
of the loans (i.e. loans and advances to customers) on the Group's balance sheet. The majority of the Group's 
loans have been granted against residential housing serving as collateral for the underlying loan. Therefore, 
although corporate loans provide diversification against the credit risk posed by the housing loans, the 
Amalgamation's credit risk is mainly dependent on housing loan portfolios of the Savings Banks and the 
Issuer. 
Unemployment and the interest rate level are the most significant general economic factors which might 
adversely affect retail customers' ability to repay their loans. Furthermore, fluctuations in housing prices 
and general activity in the housing market could adversely affect both customers' debt servicing ability as 
well as the realisation value of collateral. 
The growth of the Savings Banks' and the Issuer's loan portfolio may also have negative effects, as the 
growth of the loan portfolio in the current market environment may subsequently result in loan losses if the 
Savings Banks' customers are unable to meet their obligations. 
The IFRS 9 provisions on impairment are based on an expected credit loss model and they deviate from the 
earlier model, which was based on an actual credit loss model. The Impairment losses on credit and other 
receivables were calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 in 2020. Impairment losses on loans and advances 
were EUR 43.7 million as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: EUR 38 million). Impairment losses 
on loans and advances were 0.44 per cent (31 December 2019: 0.42 per cent.) of the credit portfolio. 
Estimating and pricing credit risks as well as the realisation time and value of collateral is, however, 
uncertain, and therefore possible impairments could adversely affect the Savings Banks' business, results 
of operations and financial condition. There is no guarantee that loss estimates will reflect actual future 
losses. If the level of impairments and non-performing loans is higher than anticipated, it may have a 
material adverse effect on the Savings Banks' business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Covered Bondholders are exposed to credit risk relating to the Amalgamation and the Issuer as a part of 
it 
Covered Bondholders take a credit risk on the performance of the Issuer, the Group and the Amalgamation. 
Receipt of payments under the Covered Bonds by a Covered Bondholder is dependent on the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its payment obligations, which is in turn dependent upon the development of the Group's and 
Amalgamation's business. Notwithstanding the joint liability under the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit 
Banks (in Finnish laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended), (the "Amalgamation 
Act") between the Issuer, the Savings Banks, and Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc, there is no 
guarantee in place which directly ensures the repayment of Covered Bonds issued under this Programme. 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds are solely obligations of the Issuer and are not 
obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, the Union Co-op nor any Savings Bank. For more information 
on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, see "The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the 
Amalgamation". 
The Amalgamation may be unable to maintain its desired capital adequacy position 
The Issuer's banking licence is dependent upon, among other things, the fulfilment of capital adequacy 
requirements in accordance with the applicable regulations which are the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions 
(in Finnish laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014, as amended) (the "Credit Institutions Act") or the 
Amalgamation Act and the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms of 26 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019, to the extent then in application) (the "CRD Regulation"). Under these 
acts and regulation, the Issuer is primarily supervised by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the 
"FIN-FSA") and it is additionally subject to indirect supervision by the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB"). The Issuer's capital structure and capital adequacy ratio may have an effect on the availability and 
costs of funding operations. Moreover, the absence of a sufficiently strong capital base may constrain the 
Issuer's growth and strategic options. Significant unforeseen losses may create a situation under which the 
Issuer is unable to maintain its desired capital structure. 
Pursuant to the shareholders' agreement regarding the Issuer between the shareholders of the Issuer, dated 
21 April 2016 (the "Shareholders' Agreement") the Savings Banks are committed to capitalise the Issuer 
with Tier 1 capital with regard to the residential mortgage loan portfolio originated by the Savings Banks.

--- Page 12 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 5 - 
70-41014363 
 
However, negative changes in the capital adequacy position could have an adverse effect on the availability 
and cost of the Issuer's funding and, consequently, have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to brand, reputation and market rumours 
Among other factors, the Group relies on its well-known and respected brand and good reputation in Finland 
when competing for customers. During the current turbulent market environment, having a good reputation 
is of particular importance as financial institutions are particularly susceptible to the negative impacts of 
rumours and speculation regarding their solvency and their ability to access liquidity. The brand and 
reputation of the Group can be affected by other factors outside the control of the Group. There can be no 
certainty that rumours or speculation would not arise and that such rumours or speculation, whether founded 
or not, would not have an adverse impact in the future. 
Possible future decisions by the Group concerning its operations and the selection of services and products 
offered may have a negative effect on the Group brand. Furthermore, if global economic conditions 
continue to be uncertain and unstable and continue to particularly impact the financial services sector, the 
Group may suffer from rumours and speculation regarding, among other things, its solvency and liquidity 
situation. Negative developments in the Group's reputation and brand as well as negative views of 
consumers concerning the Group's products and services or rumours concerning the Group may have an 
adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Customers and counterparties may file damages claims against the Savings Banks or the Group 
The customers or counterparties of the companies belonging to the Group may make claims against the 
Savings Banks or the Group that may result in legal proceedings. These risks include, among others, 
potential liability for the sale of unsuitable products to the Savings Banks' customers (misselling) or 
managing customer portfolios against customer instructions due to, for example, human error or negligence, 
as well as potential liability for the advice that the Savings Banks provide to participants in securities 
transactions, or liability under securities or other laws in connection with securities offerings. 
Should the Savings Banks or the Group be found to have breached their obligations, they may be obligated 
to pay damages. Such potential litigation could also have a negative impact on the Group's reputation among 
its customers or counterparties. Furthermore, the Group may face material adverse consequences if 
contractual obligations should prove to be unenforceable or be enforced in a manner adverse to the Group 
or should it become apparent that the Group's intellectual property rights or systems were not adequately 
protected or in operable condition. 
The materialisation of any legal risks such as described above or any potential damages to be paid by the 
Group or the loss of its reputation may be substantial and could have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to system and information security risks 
The Group's daily operations involve a large number of transactions, which rely on the secure processing, 
storage and transfer of confidential and other information in the Group's IT systems and information 
networks. The Group's IT system, equipment and network may be susceptible to unauthorised use, 
computer viruses and other harmful factors. With regards to maintaining IT systems and providing IT 
services, the Group relies to a considerable extent on Oy Samlink Ab. Any failure by Oy Samlink Ab to 
maintain and develop IT systems or deliver agreed services as the Group requires could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business.  
The Group has decided to replace its core banking system and has selected Cognizant Technology Solutions 
to provide the new core banking system. The replacement of the core banking system constitutes one of the 
most significant investments to date in the Group's history. There can, however, be no assurance that the 
new core banking system project will receive the necessary regulatory approvals, that the project will be 
completed within the expected timeline or that the anticipated benefits of the updated system will be 
realised. Any failure or delay in the new core banking system project could have a material adverse impact 
on the Group's business or results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group's operations depend on confidential and secure data processing. As part of its 
business operations, the Group stores personal and banking specific information provided by its customers

--- Page 13 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 6 - 
70-41014363 
 
which in Finland are subject to certain regulations concerning privacy protection and banking secrecy. The 
Group may incur substantial costs if information security risks materialise. Resolving system and 
information security problems may cause interruptions or delays in the Group's customer service, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's reputation and persuade customers to abandon the Group's 
services or to present the Group with claims for compensation. Furthermore, if the Group fails to effectively 
implement new IT systems or to adapt to new technological developments, it may incur substantial 
additional expenses or be unable to compete successfully in the market. Any one of the aforementioned 
factors could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations or financial condition. 
There may be interruptions in the Group's business operations 
The Group's business may be in danger of being interrupted due to sudden and unforeseeable events, such 
as disruptions to the distribution of power and data communications or water and fire damage. The Group 
may not be able to control such events within the scope of its present business continuity plans which may 
cause interruptions to business operations. Unforeseen events can also lead to additional operating costs, 
such as renovation and repairing costs, damages claims from customers affected by these events, higher 
insurance premiums and the need for redundant back-up systems. Additionally, insurance coverage for 
certain unforeseen risks may be unavailable, resulting in an increased risk for the Group. The Group's 
inability to effectively manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
results of operations or financial condition. 
The Issuer's joint liability within the Amalgamation involves risks 
Under the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op (as the central institution of the Amalgamation) is liable 
for the debts of its Member Credit Institutions. Furthermore, the Member Credit Institutions, including each 
of the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and the Issuer, are jointly liable for each 
other's liabilities. 
The Union Co-op shall be liable to pay to any of its Member Credit Institutions such amounts as are 
necessary to prevent that credit institution from being subject to the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings against it. The Union Co-op, as the central institution, is responsible for the payment of any 
debts of a Member Credit Institution that such Member Credit Institution cannot pay. 
Each Member Credit Institution's liability for the amount which the Union Co-op has paid to another 
Member Credit Institution either as (a) part of the support described above or (b) to a creditor of a Member 
Credit Institution as payment of a due debt which such Member Credit Institution has failed to pay, is 
divided between the Member Credit Institutions in proportion to their last adopted balance sheet totals. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the articles of association of the Union Co-op, a Member Credit Institution has 
unlimited liability to pay the debts of the Union Co-op as set out in Chapter 14, section 11 of the Finnish 
Act on Cooperatives (in Finnish osuuskuntalaki 421/2013, as amended) (the "Cooperatives Act"). 
Otherwise, the liability to pay of each Member Credit Institution: (a) is limited to a proportional share of 
the total liability (each Member Credit Institution's liability for the amount which the Union Co-op has paid 
on behalf of one Member Credit Institution to its creditors is divided between the Member Credit 
Institutions in proportion to their last adopted balance sheet totals); and (b) is only applicable if such 
Member Credit Institution has at least a minimum capital adequacy, (in each case as set out, determined 
and subject to limitations in accordance with Chapter 5 of the Amalgamation Act).  
Those entities within the Amalgamation that are not Member Credit Institutions will not be liable for 
Member Credit Institutions' debts under the Amalgamation Act. Accordingly, the ability of any Covered 
Bondholder to take action against an individual Member Credit Institution will be limited, and enforcement 
in respect of an individual claim may require enforcement actions to be brought against several different 
entities. This will represent an additional administrative burden and expense, and there can be no assurance 
that all or any of such enforcement actions will be successful. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (along with Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loans) have a statutory priority over a certain portion of the assets of the Issuer which have been 
entered into the Register as collateral for the Covered Bonds. Under Section 25 of the CBA, this priority is 
limited to 70 per cent., in respect of Housing Loans, and 60 per cent., in respect of Commercial Property 
Loans, (although the Cover Pool does not consist of any Commercial Property Loans) of the current value 
of the Property which stands as collateral for such loans. In the case of the liquidation of any Member Credit 
Institution other than the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer entered on the Register will not be available to

--- Page 14 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 7 - 
70-41014363 
 
cover such other Member Credit Institution's obligations until the Issuer's obligations under the Covered 
Bonds have been satisfied in accordance with the percentages described above. Regardless of the CBA's 
limitation to use the assets of the Issuer entered on the Register, the Issuer would be subject to the liability 
to pay its proportional share of the total liability of the debts of a Member Credit Institution and the 
unlimited liability to pay the debts of the Union Co-op in accordance with the description above. 
The Union Co-op is responsible for the Amalgamation's risk management and has established a risk 
committee. The risk committee assists the Union Co-op's board of directors and operative management and 
its tasks include, but are not limited to, the assessments of the Member Credit Institutions' credit risks and 
management of the capital adequacy. 
As a Member Credit Institution of the Amalgamation, the realisation of this risk factor could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. For more information 
on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, see "The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the 
Amalgamation". 
Changes in the composition of the Amalgamation may involve risks 
The current composition of the Amalgamation may change, subject to certain restrictions. In accordance 
with the Amalgamation Act, a Member Credit Institution has the right to withdraw from its central 
institution membership, i.e. the membership in the Union Co-op, by deciding to alter its bylaws or articles 
of association and by notifying the Union Co-op's board of directors in writing thereof, so long as, after 
such withdrawal, the consolidated capital of the companies within the Amalgamation remains at the level 
as prescribed by section 19 of the Amalgamation Act. The decision of the Member Credit Institution shall 
be valid only if the related proposal is supported by a two-thirds majority vote given by those at a meeting 
of trustees of such Member Credit Institution (as the case may be) or if it is supported by at least a two-
thirds vote given by those at a general meeting of shareholders and two-thirds of shares represented at the 
meeting of such Member Credit Institution. A calculation certified by the Union Co-op's auditors shall serve 
as proof of the maintenance of capital adequacy. 
A Member Credit Institution may be expelled from the Union Co-op as specified in Chapter 3, section 3 of 
the Cooperatives Act or if a Member Credit Institution has failed to comply with the instructions, issued by 
the Union Co-op by virtue of section 17 of the Amalgamation Act, in a manner that significantly endangers 
the management of liquidity or capital adequacy or the application of the standardised accounting policies 
or supervision of compliance with said policies, or if a Member Credit Institution otherwise acts in material 
breach of the Amalgamation's general operating principles adopted by the Union Co-op. The decision shall 
be valid only if the related proposal is supported by a two-thirds majority vote given by those at a general 
meeting of the co-operative. 
Among other things, the Amalgamation Act provides that a precondition for the merger of a Member Credit 
Institution into a credit institution other than another Member Credit Institution is that the board of directors 
of the Union Co-op shall be notified in writing of said merger prior to approval of the merger plan and that 
the consolidated capital of the companies within the Amalgamation remains at the level as prescribed by 
section 19 of the Amalgamation Act. In accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (in Finnish 
osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006, as amended) (the "Finnish Companies Act"), a merger must be supported by at 
least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting of the merging credit 
institution. 
If a Member Credit Institution withdrew from the membership in the Union Co-op, was expelled from the 
Union Co-op or merged into a credit institution other than another Member Credit Institution, it would in 
the long term have an impact on the capital adequacy level of the Amalgamation. As a Member Credit 
Institution of the Amalgamation, the realisation of this risk could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Exiting Savings Banks remain liable for the debts and obligations of the Issuer only for a limited time 
The provisions of the Amalgamation Act governing payment liability of a Member Credit Institution shall 
also apply to a former Member Credit Institution which has withdrawn or been expelled from the Union 
Co-op, when a demand regarding payment liability is made on the credit institution, provided that less than 
five years have passed from the end of the calendar year of the credit institution's withdrawal or expulsion

--- Page 15 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 8 - 
70-41014363 
 
from the Union Co-op. For more information on the Amalgamation and the joint liability, see "The 
Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the Amalgamation". 
Prospective Covered Bondholders should, therefore, also note that an exiting Savings Bank will, under the 
provisions of the Amalgamation Act, only remain liable for and support the debt obligations of the 
remaining Member Credit Institutions (including those of the Issuer, and including the Covered Bonds) for 
a period of five years from the end of the calendar year of the exit of such Savings Bank. Prospective 
Covered Bondholders should therefore note that, with respect to Covered Bonds which have a maturity of 
greater than five years, the Issuer's ability to service such obligations will be at risk from the economic 
impact of a Savings Bank (particularly if such Savings Bank is disproportionally larger in comparison to 
the remaining Savings Banks) leaving or being expelled from the Amalgamation or no longer being a 
Member Credit Institution if such exit by such entity occurs greater than five years before the Maturity Date 
of such Covered Bonds. Furthermore, as a result, the ratings assigned to any such Covered Bond may be 
adversely affected as of the date that any such Savings Bank withdraws or is expelled from the Union Co-
op and the Amalgamation. 
Should a Savings Bank withdraw or be expelled from the Union Co-op and the Amalgamation, the 
origination agreement between the leaving Savings Bank and the Issuer, which sets forth the terms on which 
the Savings Bank originated distributed loans on behalf of the Issuer, would terminate automatically and 
the managing such the loans originated by such Savings Bank, and the loan documentation, would be 
transferred from the leaving Savings Bank to the Issuer (or to another Savings Bank appointed by the 
Issuer). In such case, the withdrawn or expelled Savings Bank would be obligated to compensate the Issuer 
for all losses resulting from the loans originated by the Savings Bank. The withdrawn or expelled Savings 
Bank would be repaid the amount of any financing that such Savings Bank has advanced to the Issuer once 
the managing of the loans as well as the loan documentation is transferred to the Issuer (or to another 
Savings Bank appointed by the Issuer). 
Irrespective of the payment liability described above, it cannot be excluded that possible withdrawals or 
expulsions from the Union Co-op's membership could adversely affect the Group's reputation and brand 
and, in turn, its business, results of operations and financial condition. In particular, the ratings of the 
Covered Bonds may be adversely affected, particularly if a Covered Bond will still be outstanding beyond 
the five years after which a Member Credit Institution has withdrawn from the Amalgamation. 
The Group risk management may not be adequate 
Core values, strategic goals and financial targets form the basis for risk and capital adequacy management 
in the Group. The purpose of the Group's risk management is to identify threats and opportunities affecting 
strategy implementation. The objective is to help achieve the targets set in the strategy by ensuring that 
risks are proportional to the Group's risk-bearing capacity. There can be no certainty that the Group's risk 
management measures would be fully adequate to manage and control risks. Some of the qualitative tools 
and metrics used by the Group for risk management purposes are based upon the use of observed historical 
market behaviour as well as future predictions. Other methods for risk management are based on evaluation 
of information regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or otherwise 
available to the Group. Such information has not always been, and may not always be, correct, updated or 
correctly evaluated and may be inadequate for the purpose of risk management. If any gaps in risk 
management exist, the Group may make decisions based on faulty information, which may in turn have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks associated with regulation 
Regulation and oversight of the Group's business operations 
The Group operates within a highly regulated industry and its activities are subject to extensive supervisory 
and regulatory regimes including, in particular, regulation in Finland and in the European Union. The Group 
must meet the requirements set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, minimum capital and capital 
adequacy, reporting with respect to financial information and financial condition, marketing and selling 
practices, advertising, terms of business and permitted investments, liabilities, payment of dividends as well 
as regulations regarding the Amalgamation (for more information on the Amalgamation, see "Information 
on the Group and the Amalgamation"). In addition, certain decisions made by the Group may require 
approval or notification to the relevant authorities in advance.

--- Page 16 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 9 - 
70-41014363 
 
As regards the supervision of the Issuer, the new Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM") is a system of 
financial supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU 
countries. The legal basis for the SSM is the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013. The ECB commenced 
its supervisory role under the SSM on 4 November 2014. Within the SSM, the ECB directly supervises so-
called significant credit institutions and has an indirect role in the supervision of less significant credit 
institutions. Less significant credit institutions continue to be supervised by their national supervisors, in 
close cooperation with the ECB. Pursuant to the Finnish Credit Institutions Act (Laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta, 610/2014, as amended) and the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the 
Amalgamation is currently classified as a less significant credit institution and, therefore, the supervision 
of the Amalgamation under the SSM is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, 
the ECB can decide to directly supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions to ensure that 
high supervisory standards are applied consistently. 
On 16 April 2019, the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD 
IV (Directive (EU) 2019/878, the "CRD V"), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, 
the "CRR II"), a regulation amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the "SRM Regulation") and a 
directive amending the BRRD (Directive (EU) 2019/879, the "BRRD II", and all proposals together the 
"Banking Reform Package"). The Banking Reform Package includes, for example, a leverage ratio 
requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes and a new moratorium 
power for the resolution authority. On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union published a press 
release announcing that it had adopted the Banking Reform Package. The Banking Reform Package was 
published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and it entered into force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new 
rules will start applying in mid-2021. The new national legislation in Finland implementing the CRD V and 
the BRRD II entered into force on 1 April 2021. 
All banks and financial services companies face the risk that regulators may find they have failed to comply 
with applicable regulations or have not undertaken corrective action as required. Regulatory proceedings 
could result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, the Group, as well as diverting 
management's attention away from the day-to-day management of the business. A significant regulatory 
action brought by any relevant authority, such as the FIN-FSA, against the Group could have a material 
adverse effect on the business of the Group, its results of operations and/or financial condition. This may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Stock exchange listing brings increased regulation 
The stock exchange listing of Covered Bonds of the Issuer and notes issued by Central Bank of Savings 
Banks Finland Plc brings with it increased regulation and oversight of the Issuer and the Group's business 
operations, such as increased requirements concerning the obligation to provide regular and ongoing 
information. 
The Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU) ("MAR") establishes a common regulatory framework on 
insider dealing, the unlawful disclosure of inside information and market manipulation, as well as measures 
to prevent market abuse to ensure the integrity of the financial market in the EU and to enhance investor 
protection and confidence in those markets. MAR imposes a range of regulatory requirements on the Issuer 
and violations of MAR may result in significant adverse consequences, such as penalties or even criminal 
sanctions. MAR also contains rules on, among other things, procedures relating to disclosure of inside 
information, maintenance of insider lists and disclosure of managers' transactions. 
If the Issuer and/or the Group were deemed to have neglected the obligations incumbent upon issuers of 
listed notes or covered bonds, this could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its 
performance or its financial position and have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to changes in taxation 
Tax risk refers to the risks associated with changes in, or errors in the interpretation of, taxation rates or 
law, regulation or practice. This could result in increased charges or financial loss. A failure to manage this 
risk could adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with abuse of the financial system

--- Page 17 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 10 - 
70-41014363 
 
In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money 
laundering or the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money 
laundering or financing of terrorism is always in the background for financial institutions, and the Group is 
subject to applicable anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities 
conduct on-going inspections from time to time of the Group’s compliance with anti-money laundering 
legislation, sanctions, and terrorist financing laws, which can potentially lead to supervisory actions. 
Disputes and legal proceedings generally are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes are often 
difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. Adverse regulatory action or 
adverse judgments in litigation could result in reputational harm, fines or restrictions or limitations on the 
Group’s operations, any of which could in turn have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's business 
operations, its performance or its financial position. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally: 
Amendments to the conditions of the Covered Bonds bind all Covered Bondholders 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Covered Bondholders including such Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and the Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Increased capital requirements and standards 
In recent years, the rules applicable to the capital of financial institutions continue to be changed across the 
EU in order to implement Basel III. The directly applicable CRD Regulation entered into force in Finland 
on 1 January 2014. The CRD Directive was implemented in Finland through the new Credit Institutions 
Act, which came into force on 15 August 2014. After that, the CRD Directive has been updated and the 
Credit Institutions Act has been or will be updated accordingly. The CRD Regulation and the CRD 
Directive are together referred to as the ("CRD Package"). 
The CRD Package introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to banks 
including: increased minimum capital ratios; changes in the elements of own funds, as well as changes in 
the calculation of own fund requirements; and the introduction of new measures relating to leverage, 
liquidity and funding. In respect of capital requirements, the CRD Package set out several measures 
intended to improve the quality of capital requirements applied to banks in addition to raising the amounts 
thereof. The purpose of these requirements is to improve the ability of banks to absorb losses in both their 
day-to-day operations and in situations of insolvency in addition to creating buffers against the economic 
cycle. The purpose of the leverage ratio requirement is to decrease the risk of a build-up of excessive 
leverage in financial institutions and in the financial system as a whole. The CRD Package permits a 
transitional period for certain of the enhanced capital requirements and certain other measures, such as the 
CRD Package leverage ratio. Minimum capital requirements came into force from 1 January 2014 without 
transitional measures. Finnish regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are determined in accordance 
with both the directly applicable CRD Regulation and the Credit Institutions Act, which implements the 
requirements of the CRD IV Directive into Finnish legislation. Pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act, a 
credit institution must continuously hold the minimum amount of own funds and consolidated own funds 
specified in the CRD Regulation and Chapter 10 of the Credit Institutions Act. Under the Credit Institutions 
Act, the definition of own funds correspond to the definition of own funds as set forth in the CRD 
Regulation. When calculating the required level of own funds for a Finnish credit institution, such 
calculation is carried out in accordance with both the CRD Regulation and the Credit Institutions Act. 
Pursuant to the CRD Regulation, credit institutions must have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at 
least 4.5 per cent., a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. (each ratio 
expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount). Furthermore, pursuant to the Credit 
Institutions Act, an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. has been applicable from 1 January 
2015 to all credit institutions. The FIN-FSA is also authorised to set a countercyclical buffer of zero to 2.5

--- Page 18 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 11 - 
70-41014363 
 
per cent. based on macroprudential analysis. The FIN-FSA has not imposed the countercyclical buffer as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. From 1 January 2018, the FIN-FSA has been authorised to set a systemic 
risk buffer of 1 to 5 per cent. The systemic risk buffer requirement may be set to cover long-term non-
cyclical risks to the financial system. The FIN-FSA made a decision on the level of systemic risk buffer 
requirements for Finnish credit institutions on 29 June 2018. The systemic risk buffer requirement of 1 per 
cent. for the Amalgamation has been applicable from 1 July 2019. The additional capital conservation 
buffer and the countercyclical buffer must be satisfied with common equity Tier 1 capital.  
However, due to the outbreak of the Coronavirus pandemic, the FIN-FSA made a decision on 17 March 
2020 to remove the systemic risk buffer from certain credit institutions, including the Amalgamation, in 
order to support credit institutions' ability to provide credit and ease the funding conditions for households 
and businesses during the pandemic. 
Finally, there is an additional capital buffer requirement for "other systemically important institutions" (O-
SIIs) whose failure or other malfunction would be expected to jeopardise the stability of the national 
financial system. The O-SII buffer for credit institutions operating in Finland may be set at zero to 3 per 
cent. of the total risk exposure amount and must also be satisfied with common equity Tier 1 capital. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, neither the Group nor any Member Credit Institutions are designated as 
O-SIIs. The FIN-FSA has imposed an additional own funds requirement to Finnish O-SIIs pursuant to the 
Credit Institutions Act. The additional capital buffer requirement shall be satisfied with CET1 capital. 
In respect of liquidity requirements, the Basel Committee has supplemented their principles for sound 
liquidity risk management and supervision by fortifying their liquidity recommendations. Firstly, in order 
to improve the short-term payment capabilities of financial institutions, a liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") 
was implemented in 2015, pursuant to which the liquidity buffer comprised of high quality liquid assets 
("HQLA") must amount at least 100 per cent. from 1 January 2018 of the stress-tested amount of monthly 
net cash outflows.  
Furthermore, the Basel Committee has developed the Net Stable Funding Ratio (the "NSFR") which aims 
to ensure that a firm has an acceptable amount of stable funding to support its assets and activities over a 
one year horizon. The NSFR requirement was implemented into EU law through CRR II and it will become 
applicable as of June 2021. 
The CRD Package requirements adopted in Finland may change, whether as a result of further changes to 
the CRD Package agreed by EU legislators, binding regulatory technical standards to be developed by the 
European Banking Authority (the "EBA") or changes to the way in which the FIN-FSA interprets and 
applies these requirements to Finnish banks (including as regards individual model approvals granted under 
CRD II (2009/111/EC) and CRD III (2010/76/EU)). This may result in a need for further management 
actions to meet the changed requirements, such as: increasing capital, reducing leverage and risk weighted 
assets, modifying legal entity structure (including with regard to issuance and deployment of capital and 
funding for the Savings Banks) and changing the Group's business mix or exiting other business and/or 
undertaking other actions to strengthen Group's capital position. The changes brought about by the CRD 
Package requirements may have an impact on the financial position and profitability of the Issuer or the 
Savings Banks. Furthermore, as a result of the implementation of the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms of 15 May 2014, as amended, (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or 
"BRRD") into Finnish legislation, the FIN-FSA became empowered to apply various early intervention 
tools to credit institutions (such as the Issuer, Central Bank of Savings Bank Finland Plc and the Savings 
Banks) that fail to comply with the capital requirements set out in the CRD Regulation. Additionally, the 
FIN-FSA and the ECB may cancel the Issuer's, Central Bank of Savings Bank Finland Plc's or a Savings 
Bank's licence as a credit institution if they fail to comply with the requirements concerning their financial 
positions, calculated according to the regulations for capital adequacy specified in the Credit Institutions 
Act and the CRD Regulation. In addition, a failing financial institution or an amalgamation could be subject 
to a number of resolution tools that have been granted to the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (the 
"Stability Authority"). The Stability Authority has the right to mandatory write-down the nominal value 
of liabilities and convert liabilities into regulatory capital instruments (bail-in), sale of business, bridge 
institution and asset separation (see "Resolution Laws"). 
Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the FIN-FSA has granted the central institution of the Amalgamation 
the power to waive the application of the liquidity requirements set out in part six of the CRD Regulation 
to individual Member Credit Institutions.

--- Page 19 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 12 - 
70-41014363 
 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive sets out the necessary steps and powers to ensure that bank 
failures across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial instability and minimises 
costs for taxpayers. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a harmonised set of tools and powers 
to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's 
failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contemplates that powers will be granted to supervisory authorities including (but not limited 
to) the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation to Tier 1 
capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments) and a "bail-in power" (exercisable in relation to other 
securities that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which will give the relevant resolution authority 
the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities 
(which could include the Covered Bonds to the extent the value of the security does not cover the amount 
of the Covered Bonds) of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could 
include the Covered Bonds to the extent not covered by the CBA) into common equity tier 1 instruments 
of the surviving Group entity, if any. The Finnish legislation implementing the BRRD entered into force 
on 1 January 2015. For more information on the implementation of the BRRD in Finland, see "The Finnish 
resolution legislation implementing the BRRD". 
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in" power as described above, the powers 
granted to the relevant resolution authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) direct the sale of the 
relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the 
consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) 
transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" (a publicly 
controlled entity) and (iii) transfer the impaired or problem assets of the relevant financial institution to an 
asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader powers 
granted to the relevant resolution authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides powers to the relevant 
resolution authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or 
other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. The new Finnish national legislation that implements the Banking Reform Package includes a 
new provision added to the Amalgamation Act whereby the Stability Authority may implement resolution 
measures in respect of the central institution and all member banks of an Amalgamation, if the 
Amalgamation as a whole meets the resolution criteria. This provision has the effect that potential bail-in 
of MREL eligible instruments issued by one member institution may be utilised for covering losses of other 
member credit institutions or for the recapitalisation of other member credit institutions of the 
Amalgamation. 
The BRRD contains safeguards for shareholders and creditors in respect of the application of the 'write 
down and conversion' and "bail-in" powers which aim to ensure that they do not incur greater losses than 
they would have incurred had the relevant financial institution been wound up under normal insolvency 
proceedings. 
The general bail-in powers set out in the BRRD are not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the 
Covered Bonds to the extent the value of the security for the Covered Bonds covers their amount). However, 
to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover 
Pool (and the Covered Bonds subsequently rank pari passu with unsecured debt), the Covered Bonds may 
be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in powers, which 
may result in the Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their investment. Further, there remains 
significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in powers under the BRRD and 
how they will affect the Issuer, the Group and the Covered Bondholders, and there can be no assurance that 
the manner in which it is implemented or the taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authority 
currently contemplated in the BRRD would not adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the 
price or value of the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds.  
Pursuant to Condition 20 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Powers), each Covered Bondholder acknowledges 
and accepts that any liability of the Issuer arising under the Covered Bonds may be subject to the exercise 
of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion 
of such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of any Covered Bonds and could lead to the

--- Page 20 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 13 - 
70-41014363 
 
Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their investment in the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors 
in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the implementation of 
the BRRD. 
In addition to the BRRD, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation governing the resolution of 
the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e. a regulation establishing a Single Resolution 
Mechanism for them (806/2014, "SRM Regulation"). The SRM Regulation establishes a single European 
resolution board (consisting of representatives from the ECB, the European Commission and the relevant 
national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution powers over the entities that 
are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national resolution 
authorities. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not subject to the SRM Regulation but to 
the Finnish resolution legislation implementing the BRRD. 
The Finnish resolution legislation implementing the BRRD  
The BRRD was implemented in Finland through the Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms (in Finnish laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1194/2014, 
as amended) (the "Resolution Act") and the Act on Financial Stability Authority (in Finnish laki 
rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1195/2014, as amended), together the " Resolution Laws". Both acts 
entered into force on 1 January 2015. The latter regulates the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (the 
"Stability Authority"), which is the national resolution authority having counterparts in all EU member 
states. Among its key tasks, the Stability Authority draws up resolution plans for institutions, decides 
whether a failing institution is placed under resolution and applies the necessary resolution tools to an 
institution under resolution. The implementation of the BRRD also involved amendments to dozens of 
existing acts, most notably to the Credit Institutions Act, and the repeal of the Act on the Temporary Bank 
Levy and of the Act on the Government Guarantee Fund. The Resolution Act was amended in connection 
with the implementation of the Banking Reform Package into Finnish national legislation and the 
amendments entered into force on 1 April 2021. 
Under the regime, credit institutions are generally required to draw up recovery plans or living wills to 
secure continuation of business in financial distress. These plans must include options for measures to 
restore the financial viability of the institution and they must be updated annually. The plans have to be 
submitted to the FIN-FSA for scrutiny. In the context of the new legislation, the FIN-FSA became 
empowered to apply early intervention tools to banks and investment firms if the FIN-FSA has weighty 
reasons to believe that the institution will fail its licensing conditions, liabilities or obligations under the 
capital adequacy regulations within the next 12 months. The early intervention tools encompass, among 
others, rights of the FIN-FSA to require the management to implement measures included in the living will, 
to convene a general meeting of shareholders to take necessary decisions, to require removal of members 
of the management and to require changes to the legal and financial structure of the institution. 
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Stability Authority shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the 
institutions subject to its powers, including the Member Credit Institutions. The resolution plan is ready for 
execution in the event that the institution in question has to be placed into a resolution process. The 
Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the BRRD. To 
be able to use the other resolution tools the Stability Authority shall first place the institution in a resolution 
process. During the process, the institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools: the Stability 
Authority has the right to mandatory write-down the nominal value of liabilities and convert liabilities into 
common equity tier 1 instruments (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To 
continue the operations of the institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon covering 
losses of the institution by reducing the value of the institution's share capital or cancelling its shares. This 
(as well as bail-in) is a precondition for any support from a newly established resolution fund administered 
by the Stability Authority. 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to 
address failing financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise tax payers' 
exposure to losses. The regime imposes amongst others an obligation on the resolution authority and 
financial institutions to prepare resolution and recovery plans, authorises the resolution authority to assess 
the resolvability of a financial institution, and to address or remove impediments to resolvability. In the 
event that a financial institution becomes distressed, the new regime allows competent authorities (in 
Finland the FIN-FSA), to intervene and take early intervention measures with respect to the financial 
institution where the FIN-FSA considers that it is likely that the institution will not be able to meet the

--- Page 21 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 14 - 
70-41014363 
 
conditions of its authorisation or its other liabilities or infringes its capital adequacy requirements. Such 
measures include the power to require the financial institution to take measures referred to in its recovery 
plan and, if necessary, require the institution to convene its general meeting to approve any such measures 
requested by the FIN-FSA, require the institution to prepare a plan on the reorganisation of its debts as 
instructed by the FIN-FSA, and to require the institution to change its strategy, and/or the legal or 
administrative structure of the institution. 
The resolution authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a 
financial institution where the resolution authority considers that the financial institution in question is 
failing or likely to fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any measures could be taken to 
prevent the failure of the institution and that the taking of the resolution measures is necessary to protect 
the significant public interest. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in the following circumstances: when it is, or is 
likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or 
are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). Neither the Issuer nor any of the Member Credit Institutions have been classified as a 
systematically important institution domestically or globally or as otherwise a significant credit institution 
for the financial system in Finland by the FIN-FSA. 
The powers set out in the Resolution Laws will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The bail-in tool is not intended to apply 
to secured debt, and hence should apply to Covered Bonds only to the extent that the amounts payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which payment of 
those amounts is secured. However, there remains significant uncertainty as to the ultimate nature and scope 
of the bail-in tool and how it would affect the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer. 
There remains uncertainty regarding how the new Finnish resolution legislation would affect the Issuer, the 
Group, the price or value of an investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, it is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the new 
Finnish resolution legislation. The Covered Bonds may be part of the claims and debts in respect of which 
the Stability Authority could use the bail-in powers to write-down or convert the principal of the Covered 
Bonds. There can be no assurances that the new Finnish resolution legislation could not adversely affect 
the price or value of an investment in Covered Bonds subject to the provisions of the new Finnish resolution 
legislation and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Covered Bonds. Prospective 
investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the 
implementation of the Finnish resolution legislation. 
The BRRD and the Resolution Act introduced the requirement for credit institutions to meet the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"), which is designed to ensure sufficient loss 
absorbing capacity to enable the continuity of critical functions without recourse to public funds.  
The Finnish Stability Authority prepared the first resolution plan for the Amalgamation on 10 April 2017. 
A decision on MREL was given by the FIN-FSA on 28 April 2021. The MREL requirement is applied at 
the Amalgamation-level as well as for the Sp Mortgage Bank starting 1.1.2022. 
There may not be an active trading market for the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds are newly issued securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may not be an active trading market. If the Covered Bonds are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Group. 
Although applications may be made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and traded on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications 
will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds will be so admitted or that an active trading 
market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading 
market for the Covered Bonds. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to 
a limited number of investors.

--- Page 22 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 15 - 
70-41014363 
 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Covered 
Bonds due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specifies 
that the Covered Bonds are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may 
choose to redeem the Covered Bonds at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such 
circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at 
an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Covered Bonds will be represented by the Global Covered Bonds except in certain limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Covered Bonds. The Global Covered Bonds will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Covered Bonds, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Covered Bonds. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in the Global Covered Bonds. While the Covered Bonds are represented by the Global Covered 
Bonds, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making 
payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bonds must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Covered Bonds. The Issuer has 
no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Covered Bonds. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the Covered Bonds. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right under the Global Covered Bonds to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the Covered Bonds but will have to 
rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Changes to any relevant laws or administrative practices could materially adversely impact the value of 
the Covered Bonds 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds are based on the laws of England and Finland in effect as at the date 
of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to the laws of England or of Finland or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer and the Group operate in a heavily regulated environment and have to 
comply with extensive regulations in Finland, such as the Amalgamation Act and the CBA in particular. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or 
administrative practices of Finland after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Denominations of the Definitive Covered Bonds may be illiquid 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Covered 
Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case a Covered Bondholder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may not receive Definitive Covered Bonds in respect of such holding (should Definitive 
Covered Bonds be printed) and may need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its 
holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 23 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 16 - 
70-41014363 
 
If Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that Definitive Covered 
Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the larger the remaining term of such 
securities the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Covered Bondholders, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes 
pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Covered Bondholders during the 
term of the Covered Bonds and upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Such a Calculation Agent may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Covered Bondholders during the term and on the maturity of the Covered Bonds or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Covered Bonds and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to 
such "benchmarks" 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing EU, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). EURIBOR has been authorised under the Benchmarks Regulation and added to 
the benchmark register maintained by ESMA in July 2019. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of

--- Page 24 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 17 - 
70-41014363 
 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark". 
Future discontinuance of LIBOR or any other "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Covered 
Bonds which reference LIBOR or such other "benchmarks" 
On 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and, on 12 July 2018, 
announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the Benchmark 
Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis (or at all) 
cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. The elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other 
benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark could require or result in an 
adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, or result in other consequences, in 
respect of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of 
any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such 
benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return 
on the relevant Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities (including the Covered Bonds) based 
on the same benchmark. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value and 
return on any such Covered Bonds. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, there is a possibility that the rate of interest could alternatively be set by the 
Issuer, either alone or with an Independent Adviser (without a requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Covered Bondholders) by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant "benchmark" although the application of such adjustments to 
the Covered Bonds may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Covered Bonds 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark 
continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined 
in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The above-mentioned risks related to LIBOR may also impact other "benchmarks" in the future. Investors 
in Covered Bonds which reference such other "benchmarks" should be mindful of the applicable interest 
rate fall-back provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds and the adverse effect this may have on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, any Covered Bonds which reference any such "benchmark". 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk 
and interest rate risk: 
Established trading market for the Covered Bonds may not develop 
The Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered 
Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls involve risks 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These

--- Page 25 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 18 - 
70-41014363 
 
include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (b) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Covered Bonds and (c) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered 
Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Fixed rate Covered Bonds are subject to interest rate risks 
In general, as market interest rates rise, covered bonds bearing interest at a fixed rate generally decline in 
value. Consequently, investment in fixed rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the fixed rate Covered Bonds since fixed rate 
Covered Bonds have a fixed rate of interest and prevailing interest rates in the future may be higher than 
that fixed rate of interest. 
Interest on floating rate Covered Bonds may fall below the margin 
A Covered Bondholder of floating rate Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the 
yield of floating rate Covered Bonds in advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the 
applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate on the Covered Bonds will therefore be below the 
margin as specified in the Final Terms and may be zero. Accordingly, the Covered Bondholders of floating 
rate Covered Bonds may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods. Neither the 
current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Covered Bond. 
Risks relating to the ratings of the Covered Bonds 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by S&P express a relative 
ranking of creditworthiness.  
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. However, Covered Bondholders should be aware that any issuance of Covered Bonds will, 
subjected to the comments made below, be subject to written confirmation from S&P that such issuance 
will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the existing Covered Bonds. S&P may lower its rating 
or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of S&P, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined 
or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of 
the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time. A rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
In general European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. 
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-
EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  
Covered Bondholders should note that at any time S&P may revise its relevant rating methodology or revise 
its current ratings criteria with result that, among other things, any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds 
may be lowered and/or in order to comply with any such revised criteria or rating methodology, 
amendments may be made to the transaction documents.

--- Page 26 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 19 - 
70-41014363 
 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations of S&P with regards 
to the nature of counterparty contracts and ratings of Cover Pool counterparties might lead to a downgrade 
of the Covered Bonds or re-affirmation of the Covered Bond rating and might require that certain 
amendments are made to the transaction documents to be able to satisfy the revised criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged, following a change in rating methodology by 
S&P to amend any of the transaction documents to maintain the then ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
Change in credit rating 
Any material deterioration in the Issuer's existing credit ratings may significantly reduce its access to the 
debt markets and result in increased interest rates on future debt. A downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings 
may result from factors specific to the Issuer and/or the Group or from other factors such as general economic 
weakness or sovereign credit rating ceilings. A downgrade in the Issuer's credit rating may also result in the 
Programme being downgraded. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Risk of English court judgments not being recognised or enforced in Finland as a result of the UK's exit 
from the EU  
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit"). Upon the expiry of the post-Brexit transition period on 
31 December 2020, the regulation concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that applies 
between the UK and EU Member States, namely the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 (the "Recast Regulation") 
no longer applies to the UK (and English court judgments). Consequently, a judgment entered against the 
Issuer in an English court can no longer be recognised or enforced in EU courts under the Re-cast 
Regulation.  
On 8 April 2020, the UK Government formally applied for the UK to re-join Convention of Jurisdiction 
and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters 2007 (the "Lugano 
Convention") as an independent contracting state, which would mean English judgments would continue 
to be recognised and enforced in Finland (and other contracting states). However, this application is pending 
review by the other contracting parties, including the EU. 
Further, on 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention on 
Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the "Hague Convention"), and this instrument of accession has taken 
effect on 1 January 2021. The Hague Convention requires that contracting states recognise and respect 
exclusive jurisdiction clauses, and enforce related judgments, in favour of other contracting states. Finland 
is a party to the Hague Convention as a consequence of being an EU Member State. Therefore, judgments 
of the English courts should be both recognised and enforced in Finland pursuant to the Hague Convention. 
However, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited and it applies only to contracts with an exclusive 
jurisdiction clause. 
On 24 December 2020, the UK and EU agreed the Trade and Cooperation Agreement Between the 
European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community and the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"). However, the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement does not cover civil enforcement and recognition of judgments.  
Therefore, subject to the foregoing, it is possible that a judgment rendered against the Issuer in an English 
court on the basis of the asymmetric jurisdiction clauses in the Dealer Agreement, the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Covered Bonds may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland 
without a re-trial on its merits (but will generally be considered as persuasive authority as a matter of 
evidence by Finnish courts). 
Risks related to the structure of the Covered Bonds 
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds 
If the Issuer notifies the Agent in accordance with the Conditions that it will not redeem a Series of Covered 
Bonds in full on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount, the maturity of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date will be automatically extended to the earlier 
of the monthly Extended Maturity Date on which such Covered Bond is redeemed in full and the Extended

--- Page 27 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 20 - 
70-41014363 
 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8(j) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date). In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on any extended Interest Payment Date 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. The extension of the maturity of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds to a date falling after the Maturity Date will not result in any right of the 
Covered Bondholders to accelerate payments on such Covered Bonds and no payment will be payable to the 
Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the Conditions. 
Sharing of the Cover Pool 
Under the CBA, Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers 
of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer 
in relation to a certain portion of the assets entered into the Register as collateral in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. Under Section 25 of the CBA, this priority is limited to 70 per cent., in respect of Housing Loans, 
and 60 per cent., in respect of Commercial Property Loans (although the Cover Pool does not contain any 
Commercial Property Loans), of the current value of the Property which stands as collateral for such 
Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings, Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and holders of N-Bonds) have the right to receive payment before all other 
claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the prioritised portion of the Cover Pool. To the extent that 
claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Pool, the 
residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. Covered Bondholders will not have any preferential right to the Issuer's assets other 
than those entered into the Register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Given the pari passu 
ranking of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and N-Bonds under 
the CBA, in the event of the Issuer's liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Covered 
Bondholders out of the Cover Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the 
relevant time to counterparties of Derivative Transactions and the providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
The funds accruing from the prioritised portion of assets entered in the Cover Pool of the Covered Bonds 
after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings are, under the CBA, entered into the 
Register as collateral until the Covered Bondholders, counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers 
of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and holders of any N-Bonds issued are repaid in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and N-
Bonds, as applicable. Such provision of the CBA shall also be applied to the funds accrued to the Issuer after 
the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings on the basis of Derivative Transactions 
entered into the Register in respect of the Covered Bonds or assets entered into the Register as collateral in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Default of Issuer's Assets 
Default of the Issuer's assets (in particular assets in the Cover Pool) could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to 
make payments on the Covered Bonds in full or on a timely basis. In case of defaults of the Issuer's assets 
in the Cover Pool, the Issuer must supplement the Cover Pool to comply with the statutory requirements 
and if the current value of the total amount of the Cover Pool does not continuously exceed the current 
value of the combined payment obligations resulting from the Covered Bonds by at least two per cent., the 
FIN-FSA may withdraw the Issuer's licence for mortgage bank activities and the assets in the Cover Pool 
may not fully cover the payments on the Covered Bonds. To the extent that claims of the Covered 
Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Pool, the residual claims of the 
Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
Transfer of Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool in bankruptcy 
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability 
for a covered bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity 
that has acquired a licence to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to 
supervision corresponding to that of the CBA unless the terms of the covered bond provide otherwise.

--- Page 28 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 21 - 
70-41014363 
 
No market for collateral after the insolvency of the Issuer 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Pool or an 
eligible transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding 
collateral after the insolvency of the Issuer. 
Liquidity risk post Issuer's bankruptcy 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue covered 
bonds. Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or with the consent of a supervisor 
appointed by the FIN-FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of Mortgage Loans and other 
assets in the Cover Pool to fulfil the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds. Further, the bankruptcy 
administrator (upon the demand or with the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take 
out liquidity loans and enter into other agreements to secure liquidity. Counterparties in such liquidity credit 
transactions will rank pari passu to holders of Covered Bonds and existing derivative counterparties with 
respect to assets in the Cover Pool. However, there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the 
bankruptcy estate to raise post- bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full 
and timely payments to holders of Covered Bonds and existing derivative counterparties. 
Failure of the Cover Pool to meet the matching requirements 
The Issuer will be required under the CBA to comply with certain matching requirements as long as there is 
any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the CBA, if the Cover Pool does not fulfil the requirements provided 
for in the CBA, the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the issuer shall place more collateral in 
compliance with the CBA. If these requirements are not met, the Issuer's licence for mortgage credit bank 
operations may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements 
for the total amount of collateral of the Covered Bonds in Sections 16 and 17 of the CBA cannot be fulfilled, 
a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer's bankruptcy administrator declare the 
Covered Bonds due and payable and sell the assets being used as collateral for the Covered Bonds. This 
could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different than 
that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders 
of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the statutory limit to the priority of holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
Ability of Supervisor to declare Covered Bonds due and payable 
If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements for the total amount of 
collateral of the Covered Bonds in Sections 16 and 17 of the CBA cannot be fulfilled, a supervisor appointed 
by the FIN- FSA may demand that the Issuer's bankruptcy administrator declare the Covered Bonds due and 
payable and sell the assets placed as collateral for the Covered Bonds. Covered Bondholders of Covered 
Bonds should be aware therefore that their Covered Bonds may be declared forthwith due and payable prior 
to their Maturity Date. 
Collection of Mortgage Loans and Default by Borrowers 
The Mortgage Loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on Property. The Issuer 
will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with eligible assets in 
accordance with the CBA. If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to be added to the Cover Pool, the 
Issuer would breach its statutory obligations as stipulated by the provisions of the CBA and the FIN-FSA 
may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the CBA and the 
conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer's licence 
for mortgage bank activities may be withdrawn.  
A borrower may default on its obligation under such Mortgage Loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of 
reasons. Defaults under Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield 
reduction (in the case of investment Properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, 
prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes 
in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax 
laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and government policies. Other factors in borrowers' individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness,

--- Page 29 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 22 - 
70-41014363 
 
divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other similar factors may 
lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell 
a Property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under 
that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that 
Property, the value of that Property and property values in general at the time. 
Value of Security over Property 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool consists of, amongst other things, the Issuer's 
interest in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of recoveries on 
an enforcement of such security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of Property 
and priority of such security. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will not decline 
or have not declined since the Mortgage Loan was originated. Where the Issuer enforces security over a 
Property, realisation of that security is likely to involve obtaining of a court decision confirming the payment 
obligation of the borrower and approving the sale of that Property through public auction. The ability of the 
Issuer to dispose of a Property without the consent of the borrower will depend on (i) the above decision by 
a court and the public auction (in the case of a mortgageable property but not in the case of shares in a 
housing or real estate company), (ii) the relevant housing market or commercial property market conditions 
at the relevant time and (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant Property. 
Concentration of Location of Properties 
According to the Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans, all Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover 
Pool will be secured on Property located or incorporated in Finland. The value of the Cover Pool may decline 
sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn in the value of Property in Finland. Any such downturn 
may hence have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
and/or the price or value of the Covered Bonds. 
No Due Diligence 
The Dealers have not undertaken and will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in 
respect of any Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans or Supplementary Collateral contained or to be 
contained in the Cover Pool but will instead rely on representations and warranties provided by the Issuer in 
the Dealer Agreement. The Issuer is obliged to ensure the Cover Pool fulfils the requirements of the CBA. 
Limited practical experience in relation to the Covered Bond Act 
The CBA came into effect on 1 August 2010. The protection afforded to the holders of the Covered Bonds 
by means of a preference on the Cover Pool is based only on the CBA. Although the CBA regulates the 
operations of mortgage credit banks in detail, there is currently limited practical experience in relation to the 
operation of the CBA. 
No Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, 
and therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that Covered Bondholders will only be paid the 
scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Loan Acquisition and Limited Recourse to the Originators 
The Savings Banks who originated the Mortgage Loans, and from whom the Issuer has purchased such 
Mortgage Loans (the "Originators"), have undertaken in the Origination Agreements, made between the 
Issuer and the relevant Originators, that when originating Mortgage Loans on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Originator shall comply with the instructions of the Group and the Issuer. This requires that each Mortgage 
Loan and its related security and the nature and circumstances of borrower satisfy the requirements of the 
CBA and the regulations made thereunder. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers has made or 
caused to be made (or will make or cause to be made) on its behalf any enquiry, search or investigation in 
relation to compliance by the relevant Originator or any other person with the lending criteria or origination 
procedures or the adequacy thereof or with any applicable laws or in relation to the execution, legality,

--- Page 30 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 23 - 
70-41014363 
 
validity, perfection, adequacy of enforceability of any Mortgage Loan or the related security. The Issuer 
will instead rely solely on its own internal supervision and the internal supervision performed by the 
Savings Banks, and the undertakings given by the relevant Originator in the relevant Origination Agreement 
and the instructions given to the Originators by the Issuer and the Savings Banks Group. Under the 
Origination Agreements, the Issuer has the right to suspend the distribution of Mortgage Loans by the 
Originator to the Issuer in circumstances where the Originator does not comply with the instructions and 
rectify its erroneous behaviour without delay after notified to do so by the Issuer, or where the Savings 
Banks solvency ratio falls below certain threshold. Further, in the event that an Originator has provided a 
Mortgage Loan against the relevant instructions of the Issuer in such a manner that the said loan cannot be 
utilised as collateral in the Issuer's refinancing, the Originator shall pay to the Issuer an amount equalling 
to the undisbursed amount of the principal of the Mortgage Loan, the interest accrued and a repayment fee. 
Upon request of the Originator, such originated Mortgage Loan shall be transferred back to the Originator 
by the Issuer. 
Limited Description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans 
and other Eligible Assets covering the Covered Bonds, as it is expected that the composition of the portfolio 
of such Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the 
purchase of further Mortgage Loans from time to time. As the Cover Pool is dynamic, there are no 
assurances that the credit quality of the assets in the Cover Pool will remain the same as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus or on or after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Derivative Transaction Providers 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against 
risks relating to the Covered Bonds or Mortgage Loans or other Eligible Assets placed as collateral for such 
Covered Bonds. 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Covered Bonds (which may, 
for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or interest 
rate caps or collars) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter 
into one or more interest rate derivative transactions, and to provide a hedge against possible variances in 
the currency in which payments will be made to the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Loans and other assets 
from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Covered Bonds and the currencies in which the 
Issuer will be required to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time 
enter into currency swap transactions. If the Issuer enters into a relevant Derivative Transaction at the time 
of an issuance of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall disclose in the Final Terms the nature of the hedge (for 
example, an interest rate swap transaction or a currency swap transaction) and the identity of the Derivative 
Transaction counterparty. 
If any Derivative Transaction counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments in the relevant 
currency and/or at the relevant rate of interest under the relevant Derivative Transaction, the Issuer will be 
exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest and/or the relevant currency exchange rates. Unless one 
or more replacement Derivative Transactions are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to 
make payments under all Covered Bonds then outstanding.

--- Page 31 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 24 - 
70-41014363 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction 
to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should be based on a 
consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms.  
Issuer: 
Sp Mortgage Bank Plc (the "Issuer"). 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Covered 
Bonds outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Description: 
Covered Bond Programme. 
Distribution: 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Arranger"). 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg (together with the Arranger 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Dealer Agreement, the "Dealers"). 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (the "Fiscal Agent"). 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the "Registrar"). 
Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in Euros or in any other 
currency or currencies, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Method of Issue: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different issue 
dates. The Covered Bonds of each Series will all be subject to 
identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Covered Bonds of each Tranche will 
all be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a 
Tranche may comprise Covered Bonds of different 
denominations. 
Denominations:  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements), save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will be 
€100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency).  
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market.

--- Page 32 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 25 - 
70-41014363 
 
Status of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued as covered bonds (katetut 
joukkolainat) and will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves, with Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and with any N-Bonds issued 
with respect to the statutory right of preference to assets 
registered in the Cover Pool in accordance with the Finnish 
Covered Bond Act (688/2010, as amended) (in Finnish laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta) 
(the 
"CBA"). 
Under 
Section 25 of the CBA, this priority is limited to 70 per cent., 
in respect of Housing Loans, and 60 per cent., in respect of 
Commercial Property Loans (although the Cover Pool does 
not contain any Commercial Property Loans), of the current 
value of the properties or the shares in the property owning 
companies which stand as collateral for such loans. To the 
extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in relation to 
the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets of the Issuer 
that are covered in accordance with the CBA (the "Cover 
Pool"), the residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will 
rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
The statutory security conferred on holders of the Covered 
Bonds by the CBA extends to Mortgage Loans and Public-
Sector Loans owned by the Issuer and certain other types of 
assets which qualify for this purpose under the CBA and are 
included in the Cover Pool. No security will be taken over 
assets of the Issuer which do not qualify for this purpose or 
which are not included in the Cover Pool, nor will any 
security be taken over the Issuer's rights under any 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Programme or Covered Bonds issued thereunder. 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be issued 
either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated 
Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The price and 
amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Interest: 
Covered Bonds may be interest bearing or non-interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate and may vary during the lifetime of the relevant 
series. 
Forms of Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer 
Covered Bonds") or in registered form ("Registered 
Covered Bonds"). Bearer Covered Bonds will not be 
exchangeable for Registered Covered Bonds and Registered 
Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer Covered 
Bonds. No single Series or Tranche may comprise both 
Bearer Covered Bonds and Registered Covered Bonds. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be in the 
form of either a temporary global covered bond (the

--- Page 33 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 26 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Temporary Global Covered Bond") or a permanent global 
covered bond (the "Permanent Global Covered Bond"), in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a 
"Global Covered Bond"). Each Global Covered Bond which 
is not intended to be issued in new global covered bond form 
("NGCB"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Covered Bond which is intended to 
be issued in NGCB form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Covered Bond will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Covered 
Bonds. Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will 
be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or receipt of any payment 
of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
Each Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds in accordance with its terms. 
Definitive Covered Bonds will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be 
represented by either Individual Covered Bond Certificates or 
a Global Registered Covered Bond, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered Covered 
Bond which is not intended to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common depositary. Each 
Global Registered Covered Bond intended to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to certain Conditions, Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed before the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer 
(as described in Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) or at the option of the 
Covered Bondholders (as described in Condition 8(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Covered Bondholders)), to the extent (if at all) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 27 - 
70-41014363 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons, as 
described in Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons). 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended 
Maturity Date applies to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the 
Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on 
the Maturity Date or within three Business Days thereafter, 
the maturity of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds and 
the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and 
repayable for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions will 
be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any 
part of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling in any month 
after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
If the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in 
full on the Maturity Date or within three Business Days 
thereafter, the Series of Covered Bonds will bear interest on 
the principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding the 
earlier of the Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date 
on which the Series of Covered Bonds are redeemed and the 
Extended Maturity Date) and will be payable in respect of the 
interest period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date in arrear or as otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date 
after the Maturity Date at the rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
In the case of a Series of Covered Bonds with an Extended 
Maturity Date, those Covered Bonds may be issued as fixed 
rate, floating rate, or zero coupon in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date and issued as fixed rate or floating rate in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest bearing 
up to the Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity 
Date applies, the initial outstanding principal amount on the 
Maturity Date for the above purposes will be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer but unpaid on the relevant 
Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having

--- Page 35 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 28 - 
70-41014363 
 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered 
Bondholders and the Couponholders after such withholding 
or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions as described in Condition 11 
(Taxation). 
Events of Default and Cross Default: 
The Covered Bonds will not provide for events of default 
entitling Covered Bondholders to demand immediate 
redemption and will not provide for a cross-default provision. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Substitution: 
A substitution of the Issuer may take place in respect of the 
Covered Bonds: pursuant to the CBA, a bankruptcy 
administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, 
transfer the liability for a covered bond and the corresponding 
collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or 
credit entity holding a licence to issue covered bonds or to a 
foreign mortgage credit bank subject to supervision 
corresponding to that of the CBA, unless the terms of the 
covered bond provide otherwise. See "Covered Bond Act" 
below. 
Ratings: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme may be rated AAA by S&P. 
S&P is established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, S&P is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and, together 
with Euroclear, the "ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, any other clearing system as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its respective 
obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" above. 
Governing Law: 
English law, except for the provisions relating to status, 
ranking, coverage and registration of the Covered Bonds and 
the Coupons pursuant to the CBA, which shall be governed 
by Finnish law.

--- Page 36 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 29 - 
70-41014363 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of 
offering material in the United States of America, the 
European Economic Area (including the Republic of 
Finland), the United Kingdom and Japan, see "Subscription 
and Sale" below. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds 
will be applied by the Issuer towards funding its lending 
activities in accordance with the CBA, and the Issuer's 
general business principles as outlined below in "Description 
of the Issuer" including, without limitation, the origination of 
Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans and the financing 
or refinancing of the acquisition of Mortgage Loans from 
other members of the Group. If, in respect of any particular 
issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 37 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 30 - 
70-41014363 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and has been submitted to and filed with the CBI and Euronext Dublin, shall be deemed 
to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The auditor's report and the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-materiaali/spkl/2020/sp-mortgage-bank-plcboard-
of-directors-report-and-ifrs-financial-statements-2020.pdf);  
(b) 
The auditor's report and the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2019 (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-
materiaali/spkl/eng/2019/sp_mortage_bank_ifrs_financial_statement_31122019.pdf);  
(c) 
The auditors' report and consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-materiaali/ryhma/2020/savings-banks-groups-
board-of-directors-report-and-consolidated-ifrs-financial-statemens-2020.pdf); 
(d) 
The auditors' report and consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2019 (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/taloudellinen-informaatio/taloudellinen-
materiaali/ryhma/eng/sb_board_of_directors_report_ifrs_financial_statements_2019.pdf); 
(e) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 35 to 57 of the base prospectus dated 14 November 2016 
(the 
"2016 
Conditions") 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at: 
https://d34vku6feucdo0.cloudfront.net/-/media/sp-ryhma/velkasijoittajat/covered-bond-
programme-base-prospectus-14-november-
2016.pdf?la=en&hash=33EC2BC2D0A91DC3D7D6F12A4AFC5B54941A9500);  
(f) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 37 to 61 of the base prospectus dated 28 September 2017 
(the "2017 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://d34vku6feucdo0.cloudfront.net/-
/media/sp-ryhma/velkasijoittajat/korvaavat/base-prospectus-28-september-
2017.pdf?la=en&hash=7131ABFDC99A121FF03B7514F96597B76DA65CAE); and 
(g) 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 38 to 66 of the base prospectus dated 27 March 2019 
(the "2019 Conditions") (which can be viewed online at: https://www.saastopankki.fi/-/media/sp-
ryhma/velkasijoittajat/spmb-covered-bond-u19-base-prospectus-dated-27-march-2019.pdf). 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge (i) during normal business hours on weekdays at the registered 
office of the Issuer at Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland and at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and (ii) in 
electronic format, from the Issuer's website as set out above. Any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, the websites of the 
Issuer and the Group are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 31 - 
70-41014363 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching 
to the Covered Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different 
types of Covered Bonds which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Covered Bonds which is 
not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Any information relating to the Covered Bonds which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Covered Bonds will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor 
relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with 
all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Covered Bonds, may be contained 
in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds which 
is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 39 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 32 - 
70-41014363 
 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds in bearer form ("Bearer Covered Bonds") will initially be in the form of 
either a temporary global Covered Bond in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Covered Bond"), without 
interest coupons, or a permanent global Covered Bond in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Covered 
Bond"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary 
Global Covered Bond or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Covered Bond (each a "Global Covered 
Bond") which is not intended to be issued in new global covered bond ("NGCB") form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Covered Bond 
which is intended to be issued in NGCB form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Covered Bonds in NGCB form are in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time 
the ECB also announced that arrangements for Covered Bonds in NGCB form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral 
for Eurosystem operations if the NGCB form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds 
or, if the Covered Bonds do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Permanent Global Covered Bond 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond", then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form 
of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No 
payments will be made under the Temporary Global Covered Bond unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGCB, effectuated to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global Covered Bond shall be equal 
to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond exceed the initial principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
If:

--- Page 40 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 33 - 
70-41014363 
 
(i) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond; or 
(ii) 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Covered 
Bond) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (ii) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Covered Bond will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond, for Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form 
("Definitive Covered Bonds"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(i) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(ii) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond was originally issued in exchange for part only of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond representing the Covered Bonds and such Temporary Global 
Covered Bond becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(iii) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Covered Bond has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Covered Bond becomes void (in the case of 
(ii) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((iii) above) and the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 41 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 34 - 
70-41014363 
 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Covered Bonds will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, 
for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier than 40 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(i) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(ii) 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (ii) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Permanent Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds", then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global

--- Page 42 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 35 - 
70-41014363 
 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(i) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(ii) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Covered Bond has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in case of (ii)) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all 
those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or Permanent Global Covered Bond became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Covered 
Bonds in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Covered Bond will be endorsed on that Covered 
Bond and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Covered 
Bonds in global form, the Covered Bonds in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be in the form of either individual covered bond certificates 
in registered form ("Individual Covered Bond Certificates") or a global covered bond in registered form 
(a "Global Registered Covered Bond"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Registered Covered Bond will either be: (a) in the case of a Covered Bond which is not to be 
held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name 
of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other

--- Page 43 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 36 - 
70-41014363 
 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in 
the case of a Covered Bond to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of 
a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates", then the Covered Bonds will at all times be in the form of Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates issued to each Covered Bondholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Global Registered Covered Bond 
exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates", then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the 
form of a Global Registered Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Individual Covered Bond Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Global Registered Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that Individual Covered Bond Certificates will be issued in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Registered Covered Bond within 
five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Covered 
Bond to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Covered Bond Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's 
holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Covered Bonds scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
If: 
(i) 
Individual Covered Bond Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond; or 
(ii) 
any of the Covered Bonds represented by a Global Registered Covered Bond (or any part of it) has 
become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or 
the date for final redemption of the Covered Bonds has occurred and, in either case, payment in 
full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the holder of the Global Registered Covered Bond in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (ii) above) and the holder of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which 
the holder of the Global Registered Covered Bond) or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under 
the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Covered Bond will

--- Page 44 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 37 - 
70-41014363 
 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Global Registered Covered Bond became void, they had been the holders of Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Covered Bond Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Covered Bond Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete 
those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Covered Bond will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 45 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 38 - 
70-41014363 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Covered Bond in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any 
Tranche of Covered Bonds which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State or (b) admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any 
information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Sp Mortgage Bank Plc (the "Issuer") has established a Covered Bond Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 
Covered Bonds (the "Covered Bonds") under the Finnish Covered Bond Act (in Finnish laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the "CBA"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Covered Bonds are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 27 
March 2019 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as 
registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time 
to time in connection with the Covered Bonds), the paying agents named therein (together with the 
Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds) and the transfer agents 
named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered 
Bonds). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered Bonds"), 
or in registered form ("Registered Covered Bonds"). Registered Covered Bonds are constituted 
by a deed of covenant dated 27 March 2019 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to the 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final 
Terms are available for viewing at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Covered Bondholders during normal business 
hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set 
out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 46 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 39 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Amalgamation" means (a) the Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's 
consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and the 
Issuer, (d) the companies belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in (c) 
above, and (e) such credit institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the 
institutions referred to in (a) to (d) above combined own more than half of the voting rights; 
"Amalgamation Act" means the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (in Finnish laki 
talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended); 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 47 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 40 - 
70-41014363 
 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by 
a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the Danish Bankers' Association based on estimated interbank borrowing rates 
for Danish Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Covered Bond, a coupon sheet relating to the Covered 
Bond; 
"Covered Bondholder", in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, has the meaning given in Condition 
3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Covered Bonds) and, in the case 
of Registered Covered Bonds, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer – Title to Registered Covered Bonds); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows

--- Page 48 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 41 - 
70-41014363 
 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where:

--- Page 49 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 42 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute; 
"Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 
5(f) (Reset Covered Bond Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Covered Bond and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Covered Bond for that Interest Period;

--- Page 50 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 43 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.) including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmark Supplement; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other Person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Covered Bonds during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to 
the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency);

--- Page 51 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 44 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(f) 
(Reset Covered Bond Provisions), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided 
however that, if there is no such rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page for a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period, then the Mid-Swap Rate shall be determined through the use of straight–
line interpolation by reference to two rates, one of which shall be determined in accordance with 
the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the actual Reset Period and the other of which shall be 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the actual Reset Period; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance companies and financial institutions, 
Finance Norway – FNO based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for 
a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 45 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Covered Bond at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of a Covered Bond with such Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Covered Bond at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 53 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 46 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Register" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Covered Bondholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Covered Bonds, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Covered Bonds or to change the quorum requirements relating to 
meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable 
in arrear on a fixed date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months 
or at such other date or intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset Date, 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means: in respect of the First Reset Period, no later than the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, no later 
than the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date; and, in respect of each Subsequent 
Reset Period thereafter, no later than the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such 
Subsequent Reset Period, or in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 54 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 47 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Savings Bank" means any of the savings banks which are member credit institutions of the 
Amalgamation; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently the Swedish Bankers' Association) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the Swedish Bankers' Association (or any other Person which 
takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a 
number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from 
the designated distributor); 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 5(f) (Reset Covered Bond Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro;

--- Page 55 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 48 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Union Co-op" means the Savings Banks' Union Co-op, the central institution of the 
Amalgamation; and 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Covered Bonds 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Covered 
Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Covered Bonds being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation - Definitions) to have the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Covered Bonds; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Covered Bonds. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Bearer Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a 
Series of Bearer Covered Bonds with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Covered 
Bonds of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds of 
another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Covered Bonds: Title to Bearer Covered Bonds and the Coupons will pass by 
delivery. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, "Covered Bondholder" means the holder of such 
Bearer Covered and "Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Covered Bonds: Registered Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), 
which may include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Covered Bonds: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Covered Bond Certificate") will be 
issued to each Covered Bondholder of Registered Covered Bonds in respect of its registered 
holding. Each Covered Bond Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number 
which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Covered Bonds, "Covered 
Bondholder" means the person in whose name such Registered Covered Bond is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof).

--- Page 56 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 49 - 
70-41014363 
 
(e) 
Ownership: The Covered Bondholder of any Covered Bond or Coupon shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in 
the case of Registered Covered Bonds, on the Covered Bond Certificate relating thereto (other than 
the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person 
shall be liable for so treating such Covered Bondholder. No person shall have any right to enforce 
any term or condition of any Covered Bond under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds: Subject to Condition 3(i) (Closed periods) and Condition 
3(j) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Covered Bond may 
be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Covered Bond Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together 
with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed 
the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Covered Bond may not be transferred 
unless the principal amount of Registered Covered Bonds transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Covered Bonds held by a Covered Bondholder are being transferred) the principal 
amount of the balance of Registered Covered Bonds not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Registered Covered Bonds represented by the surrendered Covered Bond 
Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Covered Bond Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Covered Bond Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender 
of a Covered Bond Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Covered 
Bonds) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Covered Bond 
Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Covered Bonds transferred to each relevant 
Covered Bondholder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any 
Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Covered Bondholder) by uninsured 
first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Covered Bondholder. In this paragraph (g), "business day" means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Covered Bond will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity by the 
Covered Bondholder or the transferee thereof as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer 
Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied 
or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Covered Bondholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Covered Bonds and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered 
Covered Bonds scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer 
with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed 
(free of charge) by the Registrar to any Covered Bondholder who requests in writing a copy of 
such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds of each Series constitute unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Covered Bonds are obligations issued in accordance with the CBA and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and any N-Bonds 
issued in respect of the statutory right of preference to assets registered in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the CBA. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds and other 
claims with the same priority are not met out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in 
accordance with the CBA, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 57 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 50 - 
70-41014363 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4: 
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the CBA and that 
secures the Covered Bonds and the N-Bonds; 
"Derivative Transactions" means derivative transactions entered into by the Issuer to hedge 
against risks relating to Covered Bonds or their underlying collateral and recorded, in accordance 
with the CBA, in the register of Covered Bonds; 
"Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans" means loans made by the bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer 
to secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit in accordance with Section 26 of the CBA and 
recorded, in accordance with the CBA, in the register of Covered Bonds; and 
"N-Bonds" means the German law governed registered bonds (Namensschuldverschreibungen) 
issued by the Issuer which will rank pari passu among themselves and with all Covered Bonds, 
Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans in relation to the Cover Pool 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Covered 
Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
9 (Payments – Bearer Covered Bonds). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
(e) 
Covered Bonds accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: this Condition 5(e) shall 
apply to Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only where the Final Terms for such 
Covered Bonds specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Covered Bond for any Interest Period for such Covered Bonds shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent 
shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) and the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and, if the Covered Bonds are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day

--- Page 58 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 51 - 
70-41014363 
 
thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the 
rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
(f) 
Reset Covered Bond Provisions: this Condition 5(f) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the 
Reset Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Such 
Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5(a)) and on the Maturity Date. The Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in 
the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5(a). 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in 
the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial 
Rate of Interest. 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Covered 
Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
9 (Payments – Bearer Covered Bonds). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6(b) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 59 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 52 - 
70-41014363 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period;  
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date (and if five or more of such Reference Rates are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations); 
(iv) 
if, in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or 
if, in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii), the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered 
Bonds during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding 
Interest Period.

--- Page 60 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 53 - 
70-41014363 
 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period 
or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 61 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 54 - 
70-41014363 
 
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6(h) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, gross negligence or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6, if the Issuer 
(in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine 
a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than 10 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the 
"IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(i));  
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior 
to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the 
Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, 
if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for 
the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(i)); 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the date 
not falling less than 10 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the 
preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(i)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine whether an Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance

--- Page 62 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 55 - 
70-41014363 
 
with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (as the case may be), may also, following consultation, to the extent practicable, 
with the Calculation Agent, specify changes to the Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference Banks and/or 
the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark rate or Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread applicable to the Covered Bonds (and, in each case, related provisions and 
definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered 
Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Covered Bonds for all 
future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 6(i)). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(i) shall 
(in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent or Covered Bondholders 
for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with 
any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(i). No Covered 
Bondholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the 
Issuer or Fiscal Agent (if required) provided that such changes shall not impose more 
onerous obligations on the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or expose 
it to any additional duties or liabilities unless such party consents; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (v) above to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Covered 
Bondholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(i):  
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in 
respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency, where such rate has been 
replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent 
Adviser in its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is 
most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has 
replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser in its discretion

--- Page 63 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 56 - 
70-41014363 
 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has ceased to be 
published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate that means that such Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(v) 
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, 
such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Covered Bondholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate:  
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
reference rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory

--- Page 64 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 57 - 
70-41014363 
 
authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part 
thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not 
such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which 
is recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6, if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there 
is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination 
or calculation under this Condition 6, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination 
and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(k) 
Extended Maturity Date: If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8(j) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Extension of maturity up to Extended Maturity Date):  
(i) 
such Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity Date. Interest 
shall be payable on such Covered Bonds at the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on each monthly 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the interest period beginning 
on (and including) the Maturity Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date and each subsequent interest period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest 
Payment Date. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 6(j)(i) will be as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such interest period and 
thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Series of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, for the purposes of this Condition 6(j) the principal amount outstanding shall be the 
total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made 
by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the

--- Page 65 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 58 - 
70-41014363 
 
Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 9 (Payments – Bearer Covered Bonds). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately 
before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph 
(B), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to 
in this Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in 
accordance with this Condition 8(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or,

--- Page 66 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 59 - 
70-41014363 
 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Covered Bonds or, as the case may be, the Covered Bonds specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest 
(if any) to such date). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. The Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) will be either, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) if Make Whole 
Redemption Price is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Make 
Whole Redemption Price or (ii) the specified percentage (being no less than 100 per cent.) of the 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will be an amount equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 100 per 
cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds to be redeemed or (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the price, 
as reported to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) by the Determination Agent, at which 
the Gross Redemption Yield on such Covered Bonds on the Reference Date is equal to the 
Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption 
Margin; or 
(ii) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Covered Bonds 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be 
calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis 
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an 
incomplete month, the number of days elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the 
Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In this Condition 8(c): 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the 
Covered Bonds, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the 
Covered Bonds; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding 
basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on 
such other basis as the relevant Dealer(s) may approve; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 60 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated 
yield for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming 
a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;  
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Covered Bond, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Covered Bond for the Remaining Term of such Covered 
Bond determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Covered Bond from and 
including the date on which such Covered Bond is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 8(c). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) above, in the case of Bearer Covered 
Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as 
the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and the notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) above, shall specify the serial numbers of the Covered Bonds so to be 
redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each Covered Bond shall be redeemed 
in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds 
to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal 
amount of outstanding Covered Bonds on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Covered Bondholder of any 
Covered Bond redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 
8(e), the Covered Bondholder of a Covered Bond must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Covered Bond together with all

--- Page 68 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 61 - 
70-41014363 
 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Covered Bond is so deposited shall deliver 
a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. No Covered Bond, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(e), 
may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), any such Covered Bond becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of 
any such Covered Bond on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Covered Bondholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond 
at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Covered Bondholder against surrender of 
the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered Bond is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(e), the depositor of such Covered Bond and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Covered Bondholder of such Covered Bond for all 
purposes. 
(f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered Bond becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8(g) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(h) 
Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled (by being surrendered to a Paying 
Agent for cancellation) and may not be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Extension of maturity up to Extended Maturity Date:  
(i) 
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a 
Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full 
on the Maturity Date or within three Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be 
due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended up 
to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all 
or any part of the principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date. The Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders of the 
Series of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) and the Paying 
Agents of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, 
as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant

--- Page 69 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 62 - 
70-41014363 
 
Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, or give rise to rights 
to any such person. 
(iii) 
In the case of a Series of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, 
for the purposes of this Condition 8(j) the principal amount outstanding shall be the total 
amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by 
the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iv) 
Any extension of the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds under this Condition 8(j) shall 
be irrevocable. Where this Condition 8(j) applies, any failure to redeem the relevant 
Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of such Covered 
Bonds under this Condition 8(j), shall not constitute a default, an event of default or 
acceleration of payment or other similar condition or event (however described) for any 
purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in 
these Conditions. 
(v) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 8(j), rates of interest, interest periods and interest payment dates on such 
Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms and Conditions 6(j) (Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions - Extended Maturity 
Date). 
(vi) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of such Series 
of Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across such Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that 
redemption. 
(vii) 
If the maturity of any Series of Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity 
Date in accordance with this Condition 8(j) for so long as any of those Covered Bonds 
remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Series of Covered Bonds, unless 
the proceeds of issue of such further Series of Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on 
issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
terms hereof. 
9. 
Payments – Bearer Covered Bonds 
This Condition 9 is only applicable to Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Covered Bonds at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, 
or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Covered Bonds in the currency in which the 
payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such 
Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law.

--- Page 70 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 63 - 
70-41014363 
 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Covered Bond is presented without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
(Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Covered Bond or early redemption in whole of such Covered Bond 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
8(e) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders) or Condition 
8(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer), all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in 
respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Covered 
Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 71 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 64 - 
70-41014363 
 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Covered Bonds at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if 
permitted by paragraph (c) (Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Covered 
Bond or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Covered Bonds, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further 
Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of 
which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Bearer Covered Bond, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Covered 
Bond shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
10. 
Payments – Registered Covered Bonds 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Registered Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Covered Bondholder of a Registered Covered 
Bond to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date 
for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling 
cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Covered Bond 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Covered Bondholder of a Registered Covered Bond to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, 
any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Covered Bond 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Covered 
Bondholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Covered 
Bond Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on 
redemption) on the due date for payment. A Covered Bondholder of a Registered Covered Bond 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting

--- Page 72 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 65 - 
70-41014363 
 
from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in 
accordance with this Condition 10 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Covered 
Bond, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are Covered Bond on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Covered Bond Certificate, that 
a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Covered 
Bond Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Covered Bond will be made to the person 
shown as the Covered Bondholder in the Register at the close of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record 
Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Covered Bond is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Covered Bondholder in the 
Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Finland or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result 
in receipt by the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond 
or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond or Coupon by 
reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other 
than the mere holding of the Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Covered Bond or Coupon or Covered Bond Certificate is presented or 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the Covered Bondholder of such Covered Bond or Coupon would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Covered Bond or Coupon 
or Covered Bond Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Republic of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds shall become void unless the relevant 
Bearer Covered Bonds are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. Claims for interest in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for 
principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Covered Bonds shall become void 
unless the relevant Covered Bond Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds and Coupons 
If any Covered Bond, Covered Bond Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds (and, if the Covered 
Bonds are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock

--- Page 73 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 66 - 
70-41014363 
 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject 
to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Covered Bond Certificates or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent and additional or 
successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
15. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Covered Bondholders to consider matters relating to the Covered Bonds, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Covered Bondholders holding not less than 
one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds. The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or 
representing more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds 
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Covered Bondholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Covered Bonds held or represented; provided, however, that 
Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Covered Bondholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-
quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Covered Bonds form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, whether present or 
not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Covered Bondholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Covered Bondholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but

--- Page 74 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 67 - 
70-41014363 
 
the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error 
or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as 
the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Notices to the Covered Bondholders of Bearer Covered Bonds shall be 
valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on 
which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Covered 
Bondholders of Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Registered Covered Bonds: Notices to the Covered Bondholders of Registered Covered Bonds 
shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by 
airmail at their respective addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (ii) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (iii) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (iv) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds are governed by English law except for the provisions under 
Condition 4 (Status) and other provisions relating to coverage and registration of the Covered 
Bonds and the Coupons pursuant to the CBA, which shall be governed by Finnish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Covered Bondholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding 
Condition 19(b) (English courts) above, any Covered Bondholder may take proceedings relating 
to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
Covered Bondholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 75 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 68 - 
70-41014363 
 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London, 
EC2V 7EX, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other 
address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Covered 
Bondholders. Nothing in this Condition 19(e) shall affect the right of any Covered Bondholder to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 20 applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
20. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Covered Bonds or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Covered Bondholder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Covered Bonds), by its acquisition of the Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder acknowledges 
and accepts that any liability arising under the Covered Bonds may be subject to the exercise of 
Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Covered Bonds; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Covered Bonds into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Covered Bondholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Covered Bonds; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Covered Bonds or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Covered Bonds; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Covered Bonds or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Covered Bonds, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Covered Bonds, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority 
(b) 
By its acquisition of the Covered Bonds, each Holder (including, for these purposes, each holder 
of a beneficial interest in the Covered Bonds): (a) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to 
be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in Powers as they may be exercised without any prior notice 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to such 
Covered Bonds; and (b) shall be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, any accountholder in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
intermediary through which it holds such Covered Bonds to take any and all necessary action, if 
required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-in Powers with respect to such Covered Bonds as 
it may be exercised, without any further action or direction on the part of such Holder, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent or the Registrar. 
(c) 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Powers for the 
purpose of notifying Holders of such occurrence. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and the Paying Agents for information purposes.

--- Page 76 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 69 - 
70-41014363 
 
"Bail-in Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Finland, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Act on Resolution of 
Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (1194/2014, as amended) (in Finnish laki luottolaitosten 
ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta) (the "Resolution Act") and the Act on Financial 
Stability Authority (1195/2014, as amended) (in Finnish laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta)) or 
the application of the SRM Regulation, each as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which (a) any obligation of the 
Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period) and (b) any right in a contract governing an obligation of the Issuer may be deemed to have 
been exercised.  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC, and may be further amended or replaced from time to time. 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Covered Bonds. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been 
paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in Powers in relation to the Issuer, the Amalgamation and/or the Group. 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 77 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 70 - 
70-41014363 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be substantially in the following 
form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and their issue. 
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]

--- Page 78 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 71 - 
70-41014363 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
SP MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
LEI: 7437001BISR7R2A9KX89 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") [for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]]1. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal 
business hours at the offices of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, 
London 
EC2N 
2DB 
and 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/debt-investors/spmortgagebank/covered-bond 
and 
https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be obtained from the registered office of Sp Mortgage Bank Plc 
at Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2016 Conditions] [2017 
Conditions] [2019 Conditions] (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
8 June 2021. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 
June 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] and are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus.]2 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectuses dated [•] and [•]]. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectuses] are available for viewing during normal business hours at the offices of Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch, Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB and on Central Bank 
of Savings Banks Finland Plc's website https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/debt-
investors/spmortgagebank/covered-bond and https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be obtained from 
the registered office of Sp Mortgage Bank Plc at Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland]] 
[The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Sp Mortgage Bank Plc 
 
2. 
[(i) Series Number: 
[•]] 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/ [•]] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
1  
Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
2  
Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 79 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 72 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including [•]. No Definitive 
Covered Bonds will be issued with a denomination 
above [•].] 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
(i) Maturity Date: 
(ii) Extended Maturity Date: 
[•] 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIB
OR]] 
+/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Reset Covered Bonds] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [par]/ [specify an amount 
above par] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[See paragraph [20/21] below)] 
 
13. 
[(i)] Status of the Covered Bonds: 
[Senior] 
 
 
[(ii)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds obtained:] 
[•]  
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 80 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 73 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
(ii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIB
OR] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
[• ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 74 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Rate of Interest: 
the rate of interest for the [long]/[short] 
[first]/[last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation 
 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
17. 
 
Reset Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) First Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(iii) Subsequent Margin: 
[[±][•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) Broken Amount(s):  
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] ]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
 
(viii) Second Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
 
(ix) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [•] [and [•]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 17(xv)] 
 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]

--- Page 82 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 75 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
(xi) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate] / [Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
(xiii) Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
/ [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(xv) Reset Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year] / [The provisions in the 
Conditions apply] 
 
 
(xvi) Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
 
(xvii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] / [FRN Convention] / 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
/ 
[Eurodollar 
Convention] / [No Adjustment] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(xix) Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
 
(xx) Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIB
OR]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE MATURITY 
DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
18. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(ii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
19. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 83 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 76 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIB
OR] 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
[• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006] 
 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Rate of Interest: 
the rate of interest for the [long]/[short] 
[first]/[last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation 
 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
20. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 84 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 77 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
 
[(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
[(d) 
Determination Date: 
[•] 
 
 
[(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
[(f)     Par Redemption Date: 
[•] 
[•]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[•] 
 
21. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond 
[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or other 
early redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
24. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Bearer Covered Bonds: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] 
days' 
notice/at 
any 
time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days'

--- Page 85 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 78 - 
70-41014363 
 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
Registered Covered Bonds: 
[Global Registered Covered Bond [([•] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that 
is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(NSS))] [exchangeable for Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Global Registered Bond]] / [Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond options should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Covered Bonds which is to be 
represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bonds 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Covered Bonds.) 
25. 
[New Global Covered Bond/New 
Safekeeping Structure]: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
28. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STI
BOR] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmark Regulation] ]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
as 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STI
BOR] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Sp Mortgage Bank Plc:

--- Page 86 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 79 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 87 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 80 - 
70-41014363 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued will not be 
separately rated] 
 
 
 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued are expected to 
be rated: 
 
 
 
[●]: [•]] 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA  and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Covered 
Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA

--- Page 88 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 81 - 
70-41014363 
 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Covered 
Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied

--- Page 89 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 82 - 
70-41014363 
 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA

--- Page 90 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 83 - 
70-41014363 
 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to 
the Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 91 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 84 - 
70-41014363 
 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – 
YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
 
 
[CFI Code: 
[•]] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/Names of additional Paying 
Agent(s)] 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable of 
meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
Covered Bonds]]. Covered Bond that this does not

--- Page 92 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 85 - 
70-41014363 
 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
6. 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS 
 
 
Derivative 
Transaction 
applicable 
to 
issuance of Covered Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
(If "No" delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Derivative Transaction: 
[Interest Rate Swap Transaction/Currency Swap 
Transaction] 
 
(ii) Description 
of 
Derivative 
Transaction: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Derivative Transaction as specific 
collateral for this issuance: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iv) Swap counterparty: 
[•] 
 
(v) Collateral posting requirements: 
[•] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D]  
 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified.  If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the

--- Page 93 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 86 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
 
Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)] 
8. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
9.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer:  
[•] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base 
Prospectus"/Give details] [If reasons differ 
from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here. 
 
Estimated net proceeds:

--- Page 94 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 87 - 
70-41014363 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond in bearer form, 
references in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to "Covered Bondholder" are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Covered Bond which, for so long as the Global Covered Bond is held by 
a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an 
NGCB for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be 
that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Registered Covered Bond, references 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to "Covered Bondholder" are references to the person 
in whose name such Global Registered Covered Bond is for the time being registered in the Register which, 
for so long as the Global Registered Covered Bond is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee 
for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Covered Bond or a Global Registered 
Covered Bond (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond 
and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered 
Bond. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under 
the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from 
time to time. For so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect 
of payments due under the Covered Bonds and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Covered Bonds 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure: 
(i) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Covered Bond, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGCB, effectuated, to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent 
Global Covered Bond in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in 
the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 95 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 88 - 
70-41014363 
 
If: 
(i) 
a Permanent Global Covered Bond has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased 
by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Covered Bond; or 
(ii) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer of a Temporary Global Covered Bond has requested exchange of the Temporary 
Global Covered Bond for Definitive Covered Bonds; or 
(iii) 
a Temporary Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount 
of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Covered 
Bond or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Covered Bonds, as the case may be) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (ii) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (iii) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 27 March 2019 (the "Deed of Covenant") 
executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they 
would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Covered Bond became void, they 
had been the holders of Definitive Covered Bonds in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Covered Bonds they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Covered Bonds 
Whenever a Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond to the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent Global Covered Bond 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(i) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer of a Permanent Global Covered Bond has duly requested exchange of the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond for Definitive Covered Bonds; or 
(ii) 
a Permanent Global Covered Bond (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption of the 
Covered Bonds has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Covered Bond on the due 
date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (ii) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other

--- Page 96 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 89 - 
70-41014363 
 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond will acquire 
directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Covered Bonds in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Covered Bonds 
Each Global Covered Bond and Global Registered Covered Bond will contain provisions which modify the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as they apply to the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered 
Covered Bond. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond which, 
according to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, require presentation and/or surrender of a 
Covered Bond, Covered Bond Certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall 
procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGCB the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Covered Bond, or a Global Registered Covered Bond, shall 
be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the 
currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Covered Bond will be made to the 
person shown as the Covered Bondholder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing 
system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") 
where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Registered Covered Bond is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond or the holder of a Global Registered Covered Bond must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Covered Bond and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the 
Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Covered Bonds in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Covered 
Bonds, the Permanent Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond may be redeemed in part 
in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Covered Bonds 
to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond (or by a Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond) or a Global Registered Covered Bond and the Permanent Global Covered Bond is (or the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or the Temporary Global Covered Bond are), or the Global 
Registered Covered Bond is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Covered Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 97 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 90 - 
70-41014363 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer towards funding its 
lending activities in accordance with the CBA, and the Issuer's general business principles as outlined below 
in "Description of the Issuer" including, without limitation, the origination of Mortgage Loans and Public-
Sector Loans and the financing or refinancing of the acquisition of Mortgage Loans from other members 
of the Group.

--- Page 98 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 91 - 
70-41014363 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Development of the Issuer 
Sp Mortgage Bank Plc (the "Issuer") is organised under the laws of the Republic of Finland and regulated 
by the FIN-FSA. The Issuer's financial year is one calendar year. The Issuer was incorporated on 20 March 
2015, is domiciled in Helsinki, Finland and registered in the Finnish Trade Register under business identity 
code 2685273-8. The Issuer's registered address is Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland and the 
telephone number of the registered office is +358 954 8051. The Issuer has no subsidiaries. The Issuer 
operates as a mortgage credit bank (kiinnitysluottopankki) under the CBA. On 21 March 2016, the ECB 
granted Sp-KLP Palvelu Oy the authorisation to act as a mortgage bank under the name Sp Mortgage Bank 
Plc. The mortgage bank operation was launched on 29 March 2016.  
The role of the Issuer within the Savings Banks Group is, together with Central Bank of Savings Banks 
Finland Plc, to be responsible for obtaining funding for the Savings Banks Group from money and capital 
markets. The Issuer will be responsible for the Savings Banks Group's mortgage-secured funding by issuing 
covered bonds. The Issuer does not have independent customer business operations or a service network; 
instead, the Savings Banks that belong to the Amalgamation intermediate and sell residential mortgage 
loans for the Issuer. The Savings Banks also take care of the local customer relationship management. 
The Issuer operates pursuant to the CBA, the Finnish Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (in 
Finnish laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended) (the "Amalgamation Act"), the 
Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (in Finnish laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014, as amended) (the 
"Credit Institutions Act") and the Finnish Companies Act. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital is EUR 67,272,612 and it comprises of 
100,859 shares. The Issuer is wholly owned by the Savings Banks. 
The objects of the Issuer can be found in Article 2 of its Articles of Association. The objects of the Issuer 
are to engage in mortgage credit bank operations, as defined in the CBA. The Issuer does not provide 
investment services as defined in Chapter 1 paragraph 11 of the Finnish Act on Investment Services (in 
Finnish sijoituspalvelulaki 747/2012, as amended). 
The FIN-FSA supervises the Issuer's activities in accordance with Finnish law. As regards the supervision 
of the Issuer, the SSM commenced its operations in November 2014. The SSM is a system of financial 
supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. 
Pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act and Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, the Issuer is currently 
classified as a less significant credit institution and, therefore, the supervision of the Issuer under the SSM 
is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can decide to supervise any 
one of the less significant credit institutions directly to ensure that high supervisory standards are applied 
consistently. 
Funding 
The Issuer will issue bonds. Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans originated by the Savings Banks for 
the Issuer or transferred by the Savings Banks to the Issuer's balance sheet will be used as collateral for the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the CBA. Certain other securities authorised by the CBA may also be 
used as temporary supplementary collateral for the Covered Bonds, primarily either a deposit with Central 
Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc or bonds issued by the State, a municipality or another public-sector 
institution or a credit institution other than a member of the Group.  
The Issuer does not implement structured issues. Also, the Issuer does not use the intermediate loan model 
(as described in the section of the Base Prospectus headed "Covered Bond Act – Intermediary Loans"). 
The 
Issuer 
may 
from 
time 
to 
time 
issue 
German 
law 
governed 
registered 
bonds 
(Namensschuldverschreibungen) ("N-Bonds") which will rank pari passu among themselves, with all 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans in 
relation to the Cover Pool (see "Covered Bond Act" section of this Prospectus). Any N-Bonds issued will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with German law, except for the provisions relating to 
coverage of the Covered Bonds pursuant to the CBA which will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Finnish law. N-Bonds will not be issued under this Programme. N-Bonds may be offered 
to and privately placed with professional investors only. Any N-Bonds issued will not be listed or admitted

--- Page 99 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 92 - 
70-41014363 
 
to trading on any stock exchange or market. Any N-Bonds issued will not be placed in a clearing system. 
N-Bonds will be in German law registered form in definitive, certified form. Sale and purchase of N-Bonds 
will take place through assignment and registration in the register kept by the registrar appointed by the 
Issuer (in relation to any N-Bonds) in relation to the holders of any N-Bonds ("N-Bonds Register"). Each 
person who is for the time being shown in the N-Bonds Register as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such N-Bonds may be treated as the holder of such nominal amount of such N-Bonds for all 
purposes. 
Bond Register 
The CBA requires the Issuer to maintain a bond register (the "Register") for the Covered Bonds and the 
collateral which forms the Cover Pool assets for the Covered Bonds. The actual entry of the Covered Bonds 
and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the preferential right in the Cover 
Pool. Further, only assets entered into the register form part of the Cover Pool. 
All Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets serving as collateral for the Covered Bonds are entered into 
the Register that the Issuer is required to maintain in relation to the Covered Bonds, pursuant to Chapter 5 
of the CBA. The Register must list, amongst other things, the Covered Bonds and the Mortgage Loans, 
Public-Sector Loans and other Eligible Assets in the Cover Pool, According to Section 20 of the CBA, if 
certain collateral secures specific Covered Bonds, the Register shall indicate that such collateral is collateral 
for such Covered Bonds only. The Issuer's Cover Pool under this Programme may consist of Mortgage 
Loans transferred from the Savings Banks and Aktia Real Estate Mortgage Bank plc. pursuant to the 
Transfer Agreement (as defined below) and/or originated on the Issuer's behalf by the Savings Banks, and 
Public-Sector Loans. The Issuer's operational model controls the make-up of the Issuer's Cover Pool. The 
conditions of the agreements specified in this section may change from time to time. 
The Cover Pool does not contain asset-backed securities that do not comply with paragraph 1 of Article 80 
of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the implementation 
of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast). These asset-backed securities have 
never been included in the Bank's cover pool and the Bank does not intend to include such asset-backed 
securities in its cover pool in the future. 
Summary of the Origination Agreements and Loan Approval Process 
Origination agreements have been entered into between the Issuer and the Savings Banks setting the terms 
on which the Savings Banks administer Mortgage Loans originated on behalf of the Issuer. The Savings 
Banks are entitled to a fee for origination and administration of the Mortgage Loans on behalf of the Issuer. 
Such fee is determined based upon the interest rate of the relevant Mortgage Loan. All Origination 
Agreements between the Issuer and the Savings Banks are on the same terms and conditions.  
The Savings Banks shall take all necessary measures to maintain, ensure and safeguard all claims and 
collateral in relation to the Mortgage Loans originated to the public. The originated Mortgage Loans shall 
always comply with the CBA, including the requirement that the Issuer shall always be collateralised by a 
first priority residential mortgage. However, if the value of the residential mortgage exceeds the entire 
principal of the Mortgage Loan, the excess value of the residential mortgage may be pledged to the Savings 
Bank's own other receivables with second priority. 
The Savings Banks shall conduct origination of the Mortgage Loans according to the instructions given by 
the Issuer and the Savings Banks Group, which require, inter alia, that each Mortgage Loan and its related 
security as well as the nature and circumstances of the borrower satisfy the requirements of the CBA and 
the regulations made thereunder. Pursuant to the Origination Agreements, the Savings Banks are 
responsible for customer identification and due diligence and the prevention of money laundering and 
terrorist financing.  
Under the Origination Agreements, the Issuer has the right to suspend the origination of new Mortgage 
Loans by the Savings Bank destined for the Issuer in circumstances where the Savings Bank does not 
comply with the instructions and rectify its erroneous behaviour without delay, after notified to do so by 
the Issuer, or where the Savings Banks solvency ratio falls below a certain threshold.  
In the event that a Savings Bank has provided a Mortgage Loan against the relevant instructions of the 
Issuer in such a manner that the said Mortgage Loan cannot be utilised as collateral in the Issuer's Cover

--- Page 100 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 93 - 
70-41014363 
 
Pool, the Savings Bank shall pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the undisbursed amount of the principal 
of the Mortgage Loan, the interest accrued and a repayment fee. Such originated Mortgage Loan shall be 
transferred back to the Savings Bank by the Issuer.  
In cases where a delay in repayment of an originated Mortgage Loan occurs to such extent that the Issuer 
is obliged to report the delay to relevant authorities and in its financial statements or interest of the Mortgage 
Loan cannot be recognised as revenue in the Issuer's accounts (a non-performing loan), the Savings Bank 
shall have the right to acquire such a Mortgage Loan within one month from the Issuer's notice thereof on 
terms specified in the relevant Origination Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Origination Agreements, the Issuer is primarily responsible for financing the purchase of 
the Mortgage Loans. However, each Savings Bank has, upon the Issuer's request, an obligation to finance 
the Mortgage Loans originated from the Issuer's balance sheet to an amount that corresponds to (a) the 
Savings Bank's portion of the outstanding originated Mortgage Loans required to maintain the over-
collateralisation level determined by the rating agencies for the Issuer's Covered Bonds and (b) the amount 
of such parts of the principal amounts of the originated Mortgage Loans which, in accordance with the 
CBA or the terms of the Programme, are not taken into account in the calculation of the collateral for the 
Covered Bonds.  
Summary of the Service Agreements 
The operations of the Issuer are mainly outsourced through service agreements ("Service Agreements") to 
companies belonging to the Amalgamation or companies providing services to the Amalgamation. The 
Issuer's own internal organisation only comprises the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer 
("CEO"). The operational organisation of the Issuer relies on the different organisations of the 
Amalgamation and cooperation between them. The management of the Issuer is responsible for ensuring 
that the management and supervision of the outsourced operations are organised in an appropriate manner. 
The Issuer has entered into Service Agreements with a number of counterparties such as the Union Co-op, 
Oy Samlink Ab, Figure Taloushallinto Oy (formerly Paikallispankkien PP-Laskenta Oy), Savings Bank 
Services Ltd and Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc.  
The most material Service Agreements of the Issuer consist of: 
(i) 
A service agreement between the Issuer and the Union Co-op whereby the Union Co-op is 
responsible for the development of products and services, customer relationship management 
models and sales management, as well as providing daily support for the business operations 
(including services related to risk control compliance, legal and finance) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
A service agreement between the Issuer and Oy Samlink Ab whereby Oy Samlink Ab provides 
technology support services and related operative services to the Issuer; 
(iii) 
A service agreement between the Issuer and Savings Bank Services Ltd whereby Savings Bank 
Services Ltd is responsible for the back office operations of the Issuer;  
(iv) 
A service agreement between the Issuer and Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc whereby 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc provides services for the Issuer relating to, among 
others, payment transactions, treasury, financial reporting and reporting to authorities, minimum 
reserve requirements, insider registers, and relationship with investors and rating agencies. 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc is also responsible for the Issuer's asset and liability 
management, funding strategy, planning and implementation of issues of covered bonds, 
supervision of the Cover Pool, monitoring of restrictions to mortgage credit bank operations and 
risk reporting to the Board of Directors of the Issuer as well as to the external stakeholders (for 
example rating agencies). 
According to the ECB's assessment with the assistance of the FIN-FSA, the outsourcing of operations of 
the Issuer by the Service Agreements to companies mainly belonging to the Amalgamation and to 
companies providing services to the Amalgamation is not expected to hinder the Issuer's risk management, 
internal control and general performance of its business operations. Existing administration and control 
systems ensure that the Board of Directors of the Issuer can efficiently supervise the supervised entity, and 
independent risk monitoring is ensured in the organisation.

--- Page 101 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 94 - 
70-41014363 
 
Summary of Liquidity Arrangements 
In addition, the Issuer has entered into an agreement regarding the administration of liquidity requirements 
and LCR deposits with Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc. Pursuant to the agreement, the Issuer 
and Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland will manage the liquidity requirements of the Issuer in 
accordance with Regulation No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, and the deposits and transfer of 
funds in accordance with Article 16 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 
to supplement Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council. 
Risk Management 
The risk and capital adequacy management of the Issuer creates the parameters for identification, 
assessment, measurement and limitation of risk to a safe level. Risk identification is thus an important part 
of the risk and capital adequacy management, through the processes of which the Issuer seeks to recognise 
and assess potential risks and monitor them effectively. The Issuer identifies the operational risks related 
to its key products, services, operations, processes and systems. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is 
responsible for reliable management and internal control and for ensuring that they are consistent with the 
risk strategies implemented at the Amalgamation-level. 
The Issuer's risk management and internal control is a central part of the Issuer's operations. As the Issuer 
is a member of the Amalgamation, it is the obligation and right of the Union Co-op, in order to ensure 
compliance with the liquidity and capital adequacy, to steer and monitor the operations of the Member 
Credit Institutions, including the Issuer, and to give guidelines in risk management, corporate governance, 
internal control and compliance with the accounting principles for preparation of the Group's consolidated 
financial statements. 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is responsible for arranging the internal control framework in 
accordance with legislation, government regulations and the guidelines of the Board of Directors of the 
Union Co-op. The Issuer's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the other senior management of the Issuer 
are responsible for arranging internal controls for the Issuer in accordance with legislation, government 
regulations and the internal guidelines of its own Board of Directors and the Board of Directors of the 
Union Co-op. 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has the responsibility for the management of the Issuer's capital 
adequacy. The Board of Directors of the Issuer approves the basis, objectives and principles for the Issuer's 
capital adequacy management. The Board of Directors also confirms the overall requirements for the 
measurement and assessment of capital adequacy and the overall principles for the capital adequacy 
management process. In practice this means that the Board of Directors approves the risk strategies and 
defines target levels for the capital needed to cover all material risks relating to the Issuer's business 
operations and changes in the operating environment. 
Valuation of Collateral 
For so long as any Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer is required to ensure that, in accordance with 
the requirements of the CBA, the value of a Mortgage Loan acquired by the Issuer does not exceed the 
current value of the relevant property or the shares of the property owning company, as applicable. 
The credit risk instructions laid down by the Amalgamation are used to calculate and approve the fair value 
of the collateral. Sufficient information is required regarding collateral when making credit decisions. The 
credit decision is reached based on the current and valid Savings Bank's lending authorisation. The 
collateral is valued at fair value conservatively and their fair values are regularly monitored using both 
statistical information and bank's comprehensive knowledge about its operating area. The Board of 
Directors of the Issuer approves the instructions and guidelines for the valuation of the different collateral 
types and their collateral value applied in lending. The evaluation of the fair value of the collateral is always 
done on a case-by-case basis. 
The current value of Residential Property or Commercial Property shall be evaluated in accordance with 
good real estate practice applicable to credit institutions and in accordance with provisions on the 
management of capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. The value of 
the collateral is updated when material changes occur. The Issuer's credit risk is regularly assessed by

--- Page 102 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 95 - 
70-41014363 
 
monitoring, amongst others, the amount of loans in arrears and the amount of non-performing loans. The 
customer account managers monitor the loan and collateral position of the customer based on the payment 
behaviour and customer's other activity. The Board of Directors of the Issuer receives regular reporting on 
customer exposures and non-performing loans. The reporting includes, among other things, the risk position 
and its development by customers, industries and credit ratings. 
In addition to the current value principle of the CBA, the collateral for a Mortgage Loan is also valued 
according to the guidelines of the Amalgamation. 
The Issuer as part of the Amalgamation 
The Issuer is part of the Amalgamation together with the Union Co-op, the Savings Banks, Central Bank 
of Savings Banks Finland Plc, as well as the companies within the consolidation groups of the above-
mentioned entities and their associated institutions, the most important being Sp-Fund Management 
Company Ltd and Savings Bank Services Ltd. The Amalgamation's operations are covered by the 
Amalgamation Act and the Union Co-op's bylaws. Primarily, the members of the Amalgamation carry out 
their business independently within the scope of their resources, and thus the Issuer and the other members 
of the Amalgamation are primarily responsible for their own obligations. However, the Amalgamation Act 
prescribes that the Union Co-op must pay to each Member Credit Institution an amount that is necessary in 
order to prevent such Member Credit Institution's liquidation and the Union Co-op is responsible for the 
payments of any debts of a Member Credit Institution that cannot be paid using such Member Credit 
Institution's own funds. At the same time, a Member Credit Institution must pay to the Union Co-op a 
proportionate share of the amount which the Union Co-op has paid either to another Member Credit 
Institution as part of the support action described above, or to a creditor of such Member Credit Institution 
as payment of a due debt for which the creditor has not received payment from its debtor. The amount paid 
in accordance with the joint liability is divided between the liable parties in proportion to their last adopted 
balance sheets. For more information on the joint liability, see "The Amalgamation Act – Joint liability of 
the Amalgamation". 
Only Member Credit Institutions are jointly responsible, within the Amalgamation, for another Member 
Credit Institution's unpaid liabilities and such liability does not extend to any other member of the 
Amalgamation which is not a Member Credit Institution. Due to the joint liability within the Amalgamation, 
prospective investors should examine both the Issuer's and the Group's financial statements. However, 
investors should note that the Group consists of the Amalgamation, as well as other companies and 
institutions owned by the Savings Banks. The activities of the Group or companies belonging to the Group 
that are not part of the Amalgamation and the joint liability, may have a negative impact on the 
Amalgamation. For more information on the Group's consolidated financial statements, see "Information 
on the Group and the Amalgamation", and for more information on the Issuer's financial standing, see 
"Description of the Issuer―Selected Financial Information". 
Management of the Issuer 
According to the Finnish Companies Act the Issuer's highest decision-making authority rests with the 
shareholders at their annual general meeting (the "General Meeting"). The operational decision-making 
authority is exercised by the board of directors of the Issuer (the "Board of Directors") which is elected at 
the General Meeting. The Issuer has a CEO whose duty is to see to the Issuer's day-to-day administration. 
In addition, the Union Co-op has an integral role under the Amalgamation Act. According to the 
Amalgamation Act and the Union Co-op's bylaws the Union Co-op has a steering role in the Group and 
also monitors the Issuer. For more information on the Union Co-op's steering, see "Information on the 
Group and the Amalgamation― Union Co-op". 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
According to the Finnish Companies Act, the Board of Directors is responsible for the Issuer's 
administration, ensuring the appropriate arrangement of its operations and the supervision of the Issuer's 
accounting and financial management. The Board of Directors has general competence to decide on all 
matters related to the Issuer's management and other issues which, according to legislation and the Issuer's 
Articles of Association, are not the domain of the General Meeting or of the CEO. The Board of Directors 
decides on the Issuer's strategy and main business objectives and also confirms the management structure.

--- Page 103 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 96 - 
70-41014363 
 
The Board of Directors is composed of a chairperson and a deputy chairperson as well as a minimum of 
one and a maximum of five further members elected at the General Meeting. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of the following individuals as elected 
by the General Meeting on 11 March 2021: 
Tomi Närhinen (born 1965) has been the chairperson of the Board of Directors since October 2017. Mr 
Närhinen has been the CEO of the Union Co-op since 2017, CEO of Säästöpankkien Holding Oy since 
2017, CFO of Rovio Entertainment Corporation from 2015 to 2017, CFO of Nordea Bank Finland Plc from 
2009 to 2015, director of PwC from 2005 to 2009, managing consultant at IBM from 2002 to 2005, 
consultant at PwC from 2000 to 2002 and head of treasury of Handelsbanken from 1996 to 2000. Relevant 
positions of trust include the chairperson of the board of directors of Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland 
Plc since March 2018, the chairperson of the board of directors of Oy Samlink Ab since 2017, a member 
of the board of directors of ALM Partners since 2018 and a member of the board of directors of Adverento 
Oy since 2018. Mr Närhinen holds a Master of Economic Sciences degree from University of Tampere. 
Anne Toivonen (born 1961) has been a member of the Board of Directors since March 2020. Ms Toivonen 
has been Development Manager of Länsi-Uudenmaan Savings Bank since 2018. Previously, Ms Toivonen 
has been an entrepreneur in consulting risk management from 2011 to 2018, CEO of Paikallispankkien PP-
Laskenta Oy from 2008 to 2010, Administrative Director and CFO of Somero Savings Bank from 1999 to 
2008 and Chief of Administration of Somero Savings Bank from 1989 to 1999. Ms Toivonen holds a Master 
of Economic Sciences degree from Turku School of Economics. 
Jouni Niuro (born 1965) has been a member of the Issuer's board since March 2021. Mr Niuro has been 
the CEO of Lieto Savings Bank since April 2021. In addition, Mr Niuro has previously worked as Deputy  
CEO (2019-2021) and CFO (2015-2019) of Lieto Savings Bank. Before Lieto Savings Bank Mr Niuro has 
been e.g. Head of Assurance of Procopé & Hornborg Attorneys Ltd (2013-2015), CFO and Deputy CEO 
of Diacor Healthcare Services Plc (2012), CFO and deputy CEO of YTK Unemployment fund (2007-2012) 
and Director of corporate planning at TeliaSonera Finland Plc (2000-2007). Relevant positions of trust 
include Member of the Board of Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc since March 2021, Sirpa and 
Markku Jalkanen Foundation since 2014 and the Chairman of the Board of Aava Healthcare Services Ltd 
(2014-2020). Mr Niuro holds a Master of Political Sciences (Economics) degree from University of Turku. 
Monika Mangs (born 1969) has been a member of the Issuer's Board of Directors since March 2019. Ms 
Mangs is the CEO of Närpes Sparbank Ab since March 2019 and has been the CEO of Kristinestads Savings 
Bank from 2010 to 2015, the CRO/CCO for three savings banks in Finland in 2015–2019, and worked as 
a lawyer before that. She has been a member of the board of directors of Kristinestads Savings bank from 
2005 to 2009 and received her honors as trained at the bench in 2001. Ms Mangs holds a Master of Laws 
degree from the University of Helsinki. 
Ossi Öhman (born 1984) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since March 2021. Mr 
Öhman has been the CEO of Savings Bank Kalanti-Pyhäranta since February 2020, the CEO of Pyhäranta 
Savings Bank from 2014 to 2019 and worked as an investment manager in Nousiaisten Osuuspankki before 
that. He has been a member of the board of directors of Nooa Savings bank from 2018 to 2020. Mr Öhman 
holds a Master of Economic Sciences degree from University of Turku. 
Petri Siviranta (born 1981) has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since March 2021. Mr 
Siviranta is the CEO of Somero Savings Bank. Previously, Mr Siviranta has been a director of 
administration of Somero Savings Bank from 2013 to 2019 and an administrative manager of Somero 
Savings Bank since 2008. Relevant positions of trust include serving as a chairperson of the board of 
directors of Sp-Isännöintipalvelut Oy since 2019 as well as a member of the board of directors of Sp 
Mortgage Bank Plc since March 2021. Mr Siviranta holds a M.Sc. (Econ) degree from Turku School of 
Economics. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Issuer is Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-
00510 Helsinki, Finland.

--- Page 104 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 97 - 
70-41014363 
 
Conflicts of Interests 
Except for the joint liability under the Amalgamation Act, there are no conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the members of the Issuer's administrative and management bodies to the Issuer and their other 
duties and private interests. 
CEO of the Issuer 
The Issuer has a CEO who is appointed by the Board of Directors. The duty of the CEO is to see to the 
Issuer's day-to-day administration in accordance with the rules and regulations set by the Board of Directors.  
The CEO of the Issuer is Mr. Tero Kangas. Mr. Johannes Höglund acts as deputy to the CEO. 
Auditors 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab, with 
Authorised Public Accountant Petri Kettunen as principal auditor. The business address of the auditor and 
KPMG Oy Ab is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland.  
Corporate Governance 
The activities of the Issuer comply with the provisions of current legislation, including but not limited to 
the Finnish Companies Act and the CBA. In addition, the Issuer complies with orders issued by the 
authorities, good banking practice regulations approved by the Federation of Finnish Financial Services, as 
well as the Group's corporate governance policies and other internal guidelines. The Issuer also complies 
with its own Articles of Association. 
The Group's corporate governance policies are approved by the Board of Directors of the Union Co-op and 
updated at least once a year or whenever there are changes in the operating environment, business model, 
regulations, and/or statutory requirements. For more information on the Group's corporate governance, see 
"Information on the Group and the Amalgamation―Corporate Governance". 
Shares and Shareholders 
Upon the establishment of the Issuer, each of the 23 Savings Banks that became a shareholder subscribed 
for one share each at the subscription price of EUR 1,000.  
The following table sets forth the shareholders of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 105 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 98 - 
70-41014363 
 
Shareholder 
 
Business 
identity 
code 
Number of 
shares 
Percentage 
of share 
capital  
(per cent.)(1) 
Aito Säästöpankki Oy.......................................................................................... 
2286574-2 
16,095 
15.96 
Avain Säästöpankki ............................................................................................. 
0179732-2 
3,735 
3.70 
Ekenäs Sparbank Ab ...........................................................................................  
3140968-5 
168 
0.18 
Eurajoen Säästöpankki ........................................................................................ 
0132326-6 
3,457 
3,43 
Helmi Säästöpankki Oy ....................................................................................... 
2077812-7 
2,917 
2.89 
Kvevlax Sparbank ............................................................................................... 
0198368-6 
1,263 
1.25 
Lammin Säästöpankki ......................................................................................... 
0197794-8 
5,847 
5.80 
Liedon Säästöpankki ........................................................................................... 
0134703-0 
10,898 
10.81 
Länsi-Uudenmaan Säästöpankki ......................................................................... 
0128371-9 
7,256 
7.19 
Mietoisten Säästöpankki......................................................................................  
0135240-3 
1,516 
1.50 
Myrskylän Säästöpankki ..................................................................................... 
0129183-1 
2,389 
2.37 
Nooa Säästöpankki Oy ........................................................................................ 
1819908-9 
13,571 
13.46 
Närpes Sparbank Ab............................................................................................ 
2650799-3 
433 
0.43 
Someron Säästöpankki ........................................................................................ 
0153091-9 
6,957 
6.90 
Säästöpankki Kalanti-Pyhäranta 
0133409-6 
1,349 
1.34 
Säästöpankki Optia .............................................................................................. 
0170559-8 
19,546 
19.38 
Säästöpankki Sinetti ............................................................................................  
0197848-1 
1,561 
1.55 
Ylihärmän Säästöpankki...................................................................................... 
0184467-8 
1,901 
1.88 
Total ................................................................................................................... 
 
100,859 
100 
 _______________  
(1)  
Subject to rounding. 
 
Ongoing and Future Investments 
The Issuer has not made any significant investments or firm investment commitments since 31 December 
2020. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
Credit Rating 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned a rating of "AAA" by 
S&P. The applicable rating will also be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. 
Risk-bearing capacity and capital adequacy 
The Issuer and other Member Credit Institutions on solo level and Union Cop-op on consolidated basis are 
subject to what is provided in Chapter 10 of the Credit Institutions Act and Parts 2–4 and Part 7 of the CRD 
Regulation concerning the requirements to be set for credit institutions’ own funds. In addition, Union Cop-
op is subject to what is provided in Chapter 11 concerning pillar 2 (SREP) requirement. 
The FIN-FSA may grant the Union Co-op permission to decide that its Member Credit Institutions will not 
be subject to what is provided in Chapter 10 of the Credit Institutions Act and Parts 2–4 of the CRD 
Regulation. A Member Credit Institution to which the exemption applies must have its own funds 
accounting for at least 80 per cent. of the total amount of the requirement for its own funds as laid down in 
Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions Act. 
If a Member Credit Institution is subject to the exemption, the amount of exposure as referred to in Part 4 
of the CRD Regulation cannot exceed 40 per cent. of the amount of the Member Credit Institution’s own 
funds. If the client is a Member Credit Institution, a credit institution or an investment firm, the exposure 
cannot exceed 40 per cent. of the amount of the Member Credit Institution's own funds, or if this amount is

--- Page 106 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 99 - 
70-41014363 
 
less than EUR 240 million, the exposure cannot exceed the amount confirmed internally by the Member 
Credit Institution, which amount can neither exceed EUR 240 million nor exceed 100 per cent. of the 
amount of the Member Credit Institution's own funds. The FIN-FSA may, in certain circumstances, grant 
a Member Credit Institution permission to deviate from the above limit. If such permission is, the exposure 
of a Member Credit Institution or investment firm also means exposure in relation to a group of clients that 
includes at least one credit institution or investment firm. When applying the aforementioned, the 
aggregated exposure relating to clients in a client group that are not Member Credit Institutions or 
investment firms cannot exceed 40 per cent. of the amount of the Member Credit Institution's own funds. 
The provisions of Chapter 10, section 11, subsection 3 of the Credit Institutions Act shall be applied to the 
calculation of the limit referred to above. 
If a Member Credit Institution is subject to the exemption, the Member Credit Institution cannot invest 
more than an amount corresponding to 25 per cent. of its own funds in investments referred to in Article 89 
of the CRD Regulation. The Member Credit Institution's total investments may account for an amount 
corresponding to a maximum of 75 per cent. of the credit institution’s own funds. 
The CRD Regulation is directly binding on member states. Furthermore, the European Commission has 
issued more detailed technical and implementation standards, which are binding regulations for Member 
States. The CRD Regulation sets out the basis for the capital requirements by requiring that all credit 
institutions must have a CET1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 per cent., a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 per cent. and 
a total capital ratio of 8 per cent. These requirements have been supplemented by the additional capital 
requirements set forth in the Credit Institutions Act. Pursuant to the said act, an additional capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. has been applicable from 1 January 2015 to all credit institutions. The 
capital conservation buffer increases the CET1 capital requirement on banks to 7 per cent. and the total 
capital requirement to 10.5 per cent. The FIN-FSA is also authorised to set a countercyclical buffer of zero 
to 2.5 per cent. based on macroprudential analysis, although it has not imposed such buffer so far. Both the 
additional capital conservation buffer and the countercyclical buffer (if imposed in the future) must be 
satisfied with CET1 capital. Each of the Savings Banks has committed to participate in the capitalisation 
of the Issuer, if more equity capital is needed. In addition, Union Co-op on consolidated basis is subject to 
1.25 per cent. pillar 2 (SREP) requirement set by FIN-FSA and Systemic Risk Buffer (“SRB”). 
At its meeting on 6 April 2020, the Board of the FIN-FSA decided to remove the systemic risk buffer, 
which lowered the Amalgamation's capital requirement by one percentage point. The aim of the decision is 
to mitigate the negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the stability of financial markets and on 
credit institutions' ability to finance the economy.  
Capital adequacy of the Issuer 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had a strong capital structure, consisting of CET1 capital. Its own funds 
were EUR 112 million and the risk-weighted assets amounted to EUR 785 million. The capital ratio of the 
Issuer was 14.2 per cent. and its CET1 capital ratio was 14.2 per cent. 
The standard method is used to calculate the capital requirement for credit risk of the Issuer. The capital 
requirement for operational risk is calculated by the basic method.

--- Page 107 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 100 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
 
(EUR, thousands) 
(EUR, thousands) 
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
 
Own funds 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) before regulatory adjustments 
 
111,646 
98,397 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)  
 
-16 
-39 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital 
111,630 
98,358 
Additional Tier (AT1) capital before regulatory adjustments 
0 
0 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier (AT1) capital  
0 
0 
Additional Tier (AT1) capital 
0 
0 
Tier 1 capital (T1=CET1+AT1) 
111,630 
98,358 
Tier 2 (T2) capital before regulatory adjustments 
0 
0 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 (T2) capital 
0 
0 
Tier 2 (T2) capital 
0 
0 
Total capital (TC=T1+T2) 
111,630 
98,358 
 
 
 
 
RISK WEIGHTED ASSETS 
 
 
Credit and counterparty risk 
784,525 
715,469 
of which: credit and counterparty risk 
746,409 
683,047 
of which: credit valuation adjustments (CVA) 
26,849 
22,022 
of which: market risk 
0 
0 
of which: operational risk 
11,268 
10,400 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount) 
14.2. % 
13.7 % 
Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount) 
14.2. % 
13.7 % 
Total capital (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount) 
14.2. % 
13.7 % 
 
 
 
Capital requirement 
 
 
Total capital requirement 
 
111,630 
98,358 
Capital requirement total(1) 
 
82,375 
75,130 
Capital buffer 
 
29,255 
23,228 
 
(1)  
The capital requirement of 10.5 per cent. is formed by the statutory minimum capital adequacy requirement of 8 per cent., 
the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. according to the Credit Institutions Act, and the country-specific 
countercyclical capital requirements of foreign exposures. 
Pursuant to the Shareholders' Agreement regarding the Issuer between the shareholding banks, the Savings 
Banks are committed to capitalise the Issuer with Tier 1 capital to support the originated mortgage loan 
portfolio distributed by the Savings Banks. 
Selected Financial Information 
The following is a summary of the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The Issuer's financial statements have 
been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by 
the EU. 
The Issuer is part of the Amalgamation and in accordance with the principles of the Amalgamation Act and 
the IAS 8 standard concerning accounting policies, adjustments and errors in accounting estimates, the 
Board of Directors of the Union Co-op confirms any accounting policy for which no guidance is available 
in the IFRS. 
The Issuer's financial statements are prepared based on original acquisition cost.

--- Page 108 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 101 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2019 
  
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
 
(EUR, 
thousands) 
(EUR, 
thousands) 
INCOME STATEMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income .......................................................................................................................  
26,843 
24,710 
Interest expenses ....................................................................................................................  
-4,989 
-5,495 
Net interest income
 ............................................................................................................................................... 
 ............................................................................................................................................... 
21,854 
19,216 
Net fee and commission income .............................................................................................  
-16,242 
-13,974 
Net trading income .................................................................................................................  
2,680 
-228 
Total operating revenue .......................................................................................................  
8,292 
5,014 
Personnel expenses .................................................................................................................  
-26 
-21 
Other operating expenses .......................................................................................................  
-1,635 
-1,842 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets 
-29 
-361 
Total operating expenses ......................................................................................................  
-1,689 
-2,224 
Net impairment loss on financial assets ..................................................................................  
-42 
-24 
Operating profit ................................................................................................................... 
6,561 
2,766 
Taxes ......................................................................................................................................  
-1,312 
-553 
Profit ..................................................................................................................................... 
5,249 
2,213

--- Page 109 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 102 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
 
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
 
(EUR, 
thousands) 
(EUR, 
thousands) 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS  
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ................................................................  
85,309 
94,318 
Loans and advances to customers .........................................................................  
2,145,433 
1,956,315 
Derivatives .............................................................................................................................  
20,712 
12,412 
Intangible assets .....................................................................................................................  
0 
29 
Other assets ............................................................................................................................  
4,040 
3,714 
Total Assets ...........................................................................................................................  
2,255,494 
2,066,789 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Liabilities to credit institutions ...............................................................................................  
627,830 
460,300 
Debt securities issued .............................................................................................................  
1,511,782 
1,505,074 
Tax liabilities..........................................................................................................................  
944 
89 
Provisions and other liabilities ...............................................................................................  
3,292 
2,928 
Total liabilities ......................................................................................................................  
2,143,848 
1,968,392 
 
 
 
 
Equity  
 
 
Share capital ...................................................................................................  
67,273 
61,937 
Reserves ........................................................................................................  
33,586 
30,922 
Retained earnings ...................................................................................................................  
10,787 
5,538 
Total equity ...........................................................................................................................  
111,646 
98,397 
Total liabilities and equity ...................................................................................................  
2,255,494 
2,066,789

--- Page 110 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 103 - 
70-41014363 
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP AND THE AMALGAMATION 
The Issuer as a part of the Group and the Amalgamation 
The Amalgamation comprises (a) the Union Co-op, which acts as the central institution of the 
Amalgamation, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's consolidation group, (c) the Savings 
Banks (of which there are 18 as at the date of this Base Prospectus), Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland 
Plc and the Issuer, (d) the companies belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in 
(c) above, and (e) such credit institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the 
institutions referred to in (a) to (d) above combined own more than half of the voting rights (including Sp-
Fund Management Company Ltd and Savings Bank Services Ltd). 
The structure of the Group differs from that of the Amalgamation so that the Group also includes 
organisations other than credit and financial institutions or service companies. The most significant 
companies comprising the Group (but not the Amalgamation) are Sb Life Insurance Ltd, Sp-Koti Oy and 
Säästöpankkien Holding Oy. 
The Group operates only in Finland and is the oldest banking group in Finland. The first of the Savings 
Banks was established in Turku in 1822. The Finnish Savings Banks Association (which became the Union 
Co-op as of 30 April 2014) is the central institution of the Savings Banks; it was established in 1906 and 
changed its form from a registered association to a co-operative in 2014. 
In November 2013 and January 2014, the Savings Banks within the Group came to a decision on the 
forming of an amalgamation (as defined in the Amalgamation Act) and to turn the Union Co-op into a 
central institution for the Amalgamation. In November 2013, the Savings Banks decided to join the 
Amalgamation, approving its operating principles and the bylaws of the Union Co-op and making the 
changes to the Savings Banks' bylaws or Articles of Association required by taking up the membership in 
the Amalgamation. For more information on the regulation, see "The Amalgamation Act". The Union Co-
op obtained the licence from the FIN-FSA to act as the central institution of the Amalgamation on 16 
October 2014, and the operations as the Amalgamation began on 31 December 2014. 
The diagram below shows the structure of the Group, the Amalgamation and the joint liability within the 
Amalgamation.

--- Page 111 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 104 - 
70-41014363 
 
The Structure of the Group and the Amalgamation 
In the Group, executive decision-making at the Amalgamation-level, steers and influences the decision-
making process in the individual companies of the Amalgamation. Additionally, Amalgamation-level 
executive decisions form the basis of the individual company's board decisions as necessary. As well as 
executive steering, individual companies must take into account legal and administrative requirements. 
The Amalgamation (shown in the green box in the diagram above) is a financial group formed by (a) the 
Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and the Issuer, (d) the companies belonging to the consolidation 
groups of the institutions referred to in (c) above, and (e) such credit institutions, finance institutions and 
service companies in which the institutions referred to in (a) to (d) above combined own more than half of 
the voting rights (including Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd and Savings Bank Services Ltd). Certain 
entities within the Amalgamation (shown in the red box in the diagram above) share joint liability under 
the Amalgamation Act. The assets of these entities make up approximately 100.00 per cent. of the total 
Amalgamation assets and 92.24 per cent. of the total Group assets as at 31 December 2020. 
The ideological basis of the Amalgamation is the promotion of the exercise of prudence amongst the 
Savings Banks' customers and their financial wellbeing. This is the root of its values, its basic service 
principles and the focus of its customer work. 
The purpose of the Union Co-op is to act as the central administrative institution for the Amalgamation in 
accordance with the Amalgamation Act and to manage the finance and insurance activities within the 
Group. The Union Co-op aims to promote and support, on the basis of equality, the development and co-
operation of the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and the Issuer as well as the 
other companies and entities within the Group and the Group as a whole. For more information on the 
Union Co-op, see "Information on the Group and the Amalgamation― Union Co-op". 
The Group (shown in the blue box in the diagram above) is comprised of the Amalgamation and other 
institutions belonging to the Group. The Group differs from the Amalgamation in that the Group also 
includes other institutions apart from credit and finance institutions and service companies. The most 
notable of these are Sb Life Insurance Ltd (life insurance operations), Säästöpankkien Holding Oy and Sp-
Koti Oy (real estate brokerage). 
The Group does not constitute a corporate group in the sense defined in the Accounting Act (in Finnish 
kirjanpitolaki 1336/1997, as amended) (the "Accounting Act") or a consolidated group as defined in the 
Credit Institutions Act. 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the Savings Banks and it is a Member Credit Institution. 
Savings Banks 
The Savings Banks belonging to the Amalgamation own together with Säästöpankkien Holding Oy (0.2 
per cent.) 100 per cent. of Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc's shares and 100 per cent. of the 
Issuer's shares. The Savings Banks belonging to the Amalgamation together with the Issuer and Central 
Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc own 100 per cent. of the Amalgamation's central institution, the Union 
Co-op. Savings Banks are independent regional and local banks. Together the Savings Banks combine 
local, regional and national interests. As at 31 December 2020, the Savings Banks maintained about 110 
offices under their individual brands and under the brand of the Group, with a total of over 450,000 
customers across all Savings Banks. As at 31 December 2020, the Savings Banks had in aggregate 
approximately 1,418 employees. 
The Savings Banks are deposit banks, regulated not only by the Credit Institutions Act but also by the 
Savings Bank Act (in Finnish säästöpankkilaki 1502/2001, as amended), according to which the Savings 
Banks have the special objective of promoting saving. A minimum of ten corporations or foundations or a 
minimum of twenty natural persons are required in order to establish a savings bank. The sizes of the 
Savings Banks vary substantially as the balance sheet of the largest Savings Bank, Säästöpankki Optia, was 
over EUR 1.740 million, and the balance sheet of the smallest Savings Bank, Mietoisten Säästöpankki, was 
EUR 152 million each as at 31 December 2020. A Savings Bank's own restricted capital consists of the 
basic capital and the reserve fund, as well as possibly a revaluation fund and a basic fund. The Group 
includes four Savings Banks which take the form of limited companies, whose share capital is included in

--- Page 112 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 105 - 
70-41014363 
 
the basic capital in equity. The FIN-FSA has granted credit institution licences to all of the Savings Banks 
and supervises the operations at Amalgamation-level. 
The Savings Banks focus on low-risk retail banking, particularly services related to daily business, saving 
and investments, and lending services. The target groups of the Savings Banks are working-age households, 
SMEs and agricultural customers. The product and service range covers all the main banking services for 
both personal and business customers. They are complemented by other financial sector services and 
products provided together with partners. In the Greater Helsinki area, a corresponding retail bank operation 
is carried out by Nooa Säästöpankki Oy, which is a company owned by the other Savings Banks. 
The sales of products and services are provided by both physical branch offices and online banking. The 
majority of the Group's corporate customers have an annual turnover of under EUR 10 million. The majority 
of the funds raised by the Group have been granted as housing loans to the Group's customers. As at 31 
December 2020, households, SME's and agricultural customers made up 100 per cent. of the loans (i.e. 
loans and advances to customers) on the Group's balance sheet. The majority of the Group's loans have 
been granted against residential housing serving as collateral for the loan. 
The Savings Banks original ideology, the desire to promote the wellbeing of individuals and communities, 
continues to be the basis of the Savings Banks' operations today. The promotion of thrift is mentioned in 
the Savings Bank Act as the special purpose of the Savings Banks. The aim of the Savings Banks is to 
increase customer share, good profitability, economic wellbeing of both the local community and 
customers, and a Savings Bank brand, which attracts both customers and employees. 
Comparison of the Total Assets of the Savings Banks and the Group 
The Savings Banks and their total assets as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 are the following: 
 
 
31 
December 
2020 
31 
December 
2019 
Name of the Savings Bank 
 
(Audited, consolidated) 
(EUR million) 
Aito Säästöpankki Oy...................................................................................................................  
1,152 
707 
Avain Säästöpankki ......................................................................................................................  
305 
299 
Ekenäs Sparbank Ab ....................................................................................................................  
182 
170 
Eurajoen Säästöpankki .................................................................................................................  
276 
249 
Helmi Säästöpankki Oy ................................................................................................................  
420 
315 
Huittisten Säästöpankki3 ..............................................................................................................  
- 
405 
Kvevlax Sparbank ........................................................................................................................  
217 
203 
Lammin Säästöpankki ..................................................................................................................  
534 
515 
Liedon Säästöpankki ....................................................................................................................  
1,096 
1,085 
Länsi-Uudenmaan Säästöpankki ..................................................................................................  
682 
696 
Mietoisten Säästöpankki...............................................................................................................  
152 
142 
Myrskylän Säästöpankki ..............................................................................................................  
220 
195 
Nooa Säästöpankki Oy .................................................................................................................  
838 
815 
Närpes Sparbank Ab.....................................................................................................................  
436 
418 
Someron Säästöpankki .................................................................................................................  
524 
488 
Sysmän Säästöpankki4 .................................................................................................................  
- 
97 
Säästöpankki Kalanti-Pyhäranta ...................................................................................................  
212 
202 
Säästöpankki Optia .......................................................................................................................  
1,740 
1,672 
Säästöpankki Sinetti .....................................................................................................................  
242 
237 
Ylihärmän Säästöpankki...............................................................................................................  
174 
170 
Total ............................................................................................................................................  
9,404 
9,080 
Total Assets of the Group ..........................................................................................................  
13,097 
12,009 
  
 
3 Huittisten Säästöpankki conveyed all its business operations, including all of its assets and liabilities, to Aito Säästöpankki Oy on 5 
March 2020. 
4 Sysmän Säästöpankki conveyed all its business operations, including all of its assets and liabilities, to Helmi Säästöpankki Oy on 30 
November 2020.

--- Page 113 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 106 - 
70-41014363 
 
The Savings Banks share joint liability for each others' debts and those of the Issuer and Central Bank of 
Savings Banks Finland Plc (subject to the limitations of the Amalgamation Act). At 31 December 2020, 
the combined assets of the Savings Banks were EUR 9,404 million (2019: EUR 9,080 million). By 
comparison the consolidated assets of the Group were EUR 13,097 million as at 31 December 2020 (2019: 
EUR 12,009 million). 
Corporate Structure 
The corporate structure of the Savings Banks takes one of two forms, either that of a traditional savings 
bank or a savings bank limited company. The highest level of decision making in the Savings Banks 
structured using the traditional savings bank form rests with the board of trustees of a Savings Bank (in 
Finnish: isännistö), who are representatives of the depositors and, where relevant, of the holders of equity 
capital (in Finnish: kantarahasto-osuuksien omistajat) shareholders. The highest level of decision making 
in the Savings Banks which are structured as limited companies rests with the savings bank trusts at the 
annual general meeting, the boards of which are similarly comprised of representatives of the depositors. 
The board of trustees of a Savings Bank and the Savings Bank trusts at the annual general meeting elect the 
board for their respective Savings Banks. 
Union Co-op 
The Union Co-op was established in 1906 (prior to 30 April 2014: The Finnish Savings Banks Association), 
and is organised under the laws of the Republic of Finland. The Union Co-op's financial year is one calendar 
year. The Union Co-op is domiciled in Helsinki, Finland, and registered in the Finnish Trade Register under 
the business identity code 0117011-6. Its registered address is Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, 
Finland. The Union Co-op is owned by the Savings Banks together with the Issuer and Central Bank of 
Savings Banks Finland Plc. 
The Union Co-op is the central institution for the Amalgamation. The Union Co-op's bylaws supplement 
the Amalgamation Act. Decisions on amendments to the Union Co-op's bylaws shall be made by the general 
meeting of the Union Co-op in accordance with the Cooperatives Act and the Union Co-op's bylaws. The 
Union Co-op's bylaws retain, among other things, information on the Union Co-op's purpose, the control 
and supervision of the Amalgamation, withdrawal and expulsion of members, information on the general 
meetings of the Union Co-op, information on the duties and the election of the Union Co-op's management, 
representation of the Union Co-op, information on the shares and cooperative contribution, fees for the 
services provided to the Union Co-op's members, information on the Union Co-op's responsibility for debts 
of the Member Credit Institutions and information on the joint liability under the Amalgamation Act. 
The Union Co-op's key objective is to support and foster the competitiveness of the Savings Banks and the 
achievement of the Group's objectives. Pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op is responsible 
among other things for issuing guidelines on risk management, good corporate governance, internal control 
and guidelines for the application of uniform accounting principles in preparing the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group. For further information on the Union Co-op's role and its responsibility under the 
Amalgamation Act, see "The Amalgamation Act". 
According to Article 2 of its bylaws, the Union Co-op's objective is to provide services needed by the 
companies belonging to the Amalgamation, hold shares and participations in the companies belonging to 
the Amalgamation and to engage in other investment activities that may be justified from the perspective 
of the Amalgamation. The Union Co-op may not engage in any other material business. The Union Co-op 
may arrange the services it is to provide through subsidiaries or other companies. The Union Co-op controls 
the centralised services of the Group, develops the business of the Group, sees to the strategic direction of 
the Group and the supervision of its interests and is in charge of the control and supervision duties that 
pertain to the central institution of an amalgamation and the undertaking at the head of a financial and 
insurance conglomerate. 
In accordance with the Amalgamation Act, a credit institution may be accepted as the Union Co-op's 
member, provided that the credit institution's bylaws or articles of association under section 6 of the 
Amalgamation Act have been adopted. The decision on the adoption of the bylaws or the articles of 
association by the credit institution shall be valid only if the related proposal is supported by at least a two-
thirds vote given by those at a general meeting of the co-operative or meeting of trustees of such credit 
institution (as the case may be) or if it is supported by at least a two-thirds vote given by those at a general

--- Page 114 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 107 - 
70-41014363 
 
meeting of shareholders and two-thirds of shares represented at the meeting of such credit institution (as 
the case may be). 
The Union Co-op is tasked with promoting the development and co-operation of the Savings Banks and to 
act as their representative. Joint Savings Bank policies, most importantly the strategy, are decided by the 
general meeting of the Union Co-op. The Union Co-op attends to the business development, marketing, 
training provision and communications of the Savings Banks. 
The primary objective of the Union Co-op is to facilitate the achievement of the Amalgamation's shared 
strategic goals. The Union Co-op is responsible for the steering and oversight of the Amalgamation in 
accordance with the Amalgamation Act, as well as coordinating the centralised development and service 
provision functions of the Amalgamation. 
As part of the promotion of the interests of its members, the Union Co-op may enter into agreements on 
behalf and on the joint account of its members in accordance with the principles approved by the general 
meeting of the Union Co-op. The Union Co-op may not make decisions or take measures that are likely to 
result in unjust benefit to a member or another party to the detriment of the Union Co-op or another member. 
The shared support services required by the Savings Banks and product and service companies are 
organised in the Union Co-op. These centralised services relate to the Group's governance, steering, 
development, support services and the Group's ICT management. In terms of input-output, these services 
are best centralised for reasons of know-how, efficiency, and risk management. In addition, the treasury 
function and mortgage bank operations are handled by the Union Co-op in its role as the central institution's 
functional organisation, as these services also form a part of the centralised support services, and are only 
organised as a separate company for practical reasons. 
At 31 December 2020, the Union Co-op employed a staff of 99. 
Management of the Union Co-op 
The highest decision-making body of the Union Co-op is formed of the members in attendance at the 
Annual Meeting of the Union Co-op, which is attended by all member banks of the Union Co-op. An 
extraordinary meeting of the Union Co-op shall be convened if the board of directors of the Union Co-op 
finds it necessary or if it is required by law. The Annual Meeting elects the board of supervisors of the 
Union Co-op. Members of the board of supervisors include the chairpersons of the boards of directors of 
all Savings Banks or the chairperson of the board of supervisors, if the bank has such a body. The board of 
supervisors consists of no less than nine (9) and no more than thirty-five (35) members. 
The members of the Union Co-op at the Annual Meeting elect the board of directors (6–9 members) of the 
Union Co-op. The board of directors mainly consists of CEOs of the Savings Banks. The board of 
supervisors and board of directors of the Union Co-op establish committees to support their operation as 
required by the Credit Institutions Act and otherwise at their discretion. Each of these has an appropriate 
charter, detailing its purpose, composition, operation and functions. 
The Union Co-op's board of directors has the following committees: the Audit Committee, Risk Committee 
and the Asset and Liability Management Committee. 
Board of supervisors of the Union Co-op 
The supervisory board is responsible for supervising the management of the Union Co-op, as carried out 
by the board of directors and the CEO, as well as supervising the expert and diligent management of the 
Union Co-op's activities in accordance with the Cooperatives Act and the interests of the central institution 
and the Group. In particular, the board of supervisors is responsible for maintaining and promoting internal 
cooperation within the Group. The supervisory board may issue instructions to the board of directors 
regarding matters that are extensive or significant in terms of principle. In addition, the supervisory board 
shall (1) give a statement to the general meeting of the Union Co-op on the Group's strategy and other 
shared objectives and operating principles; (2) confirm the Group's rules of audit and operating principles 
of audit; (3) give a statement to the annual general meeting of the Union Co-op on the financial statements, 
consolidated financial statements and annual report; (4) decide upon a prohibition on returning the 
subscription prices paid for shares and upon the revocation of such prohibition; and (5) handle other matters 
upon the proposal of the board of directors. The supervisory board has established two permanent 
committees, the Appointment Committee and the Compensation Committee.

--- Page 115 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 108 - 
70-41014363 
 
Board of directors of the Union Co-op 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Union Co-op's board of directors were: Ms 
Pirkko Ahonen, the CEO of Aito Säästöpankki; Mr Jari Oivo, the CEO of Myrskylän Säästöpankki; Mr Ulf 
Sjöblom, a member of the board of Tammisaaren Säästöpankki; Mr Jaakko Ossa, the chairman of the board 
of Liedon Säästöpankki; Mr Heikki Paasonen, the CEO of Säästöpankki Optia; Ms Tuula Heikkinen, Vice 
President, Customer Channels of Telia Finland Oyj; Ms Katarina Segerståhl, Chief Strategy Officer of 
Lääkärikeskus Aava Oy, Mr Eero Laesterä, Doctor of Administrative Sciences, and Hannu Syvänen, 
Managing Director of Säästöpankki Sinetti. 
Conflicts of Interests 
Except for the joint liability under the Amalgamation Act, there are no conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the members of the Union Co-op's administrative and management bodies to the Union Co-op and 
their other duties and private interests. 
CEO and Deputy CEO 
Mr Tomi Närhinen was appointed as the CEO of the Union Co-op as of 1 September 2017. Mr. Karri 
Alameri acts as deputy to the CEO. In accordance with the provisions of the Cooperatives Act, the CEO 
shall see to the executive management of the Union Co-op. Furthermore, the CEO shall execute the strategy 
of the Group in accordance with the instructions and orders given by the board of directors, prepare the 
matters to be presented to the board of directors and assist the board of directors in preparing the matters to 
be presented to the supervisory board. 
The business address of the CEO and the Deputy CEO is Teollisuuskatu 33, FI-00510 Helsinki, Finland. 
Corporate Governance 
The activities of the Group comply with the provisions of current legislation, orders issued by the 
authorities, good banking practice regulations approved by the Federation of Finnish Financial Services, as 
well as the Group's corporate governance policies and other internal guidelines. 
The Group's governance policies are approved by the board of directors of the Union Co-op and updated at 
least once a year or whenever there are changes in the operational environment, business model, regulations, 
and/or statutory requirements. 
The activities of the Amalgamation and its central institution, the Union Co-op, are regulated by EU and 
national legislation and regulation. The relevant national statutes are contained in the Credit Institutions 
Act, the Amalgamation Act, the Savings Bank Act and the Cooperatives Act. In addition, the Amalgamation 
operates in accordance with good banking practice and the procedural regulations concerning personal data 
processing. 
The corporate governance in accordance with the governance policies comprises the board of directors and 
executive directors, relations between the shareholders and other stakeholder groups, the setting of targets, 
deciding on the means of attaining them, and monitoring performance. Implementation of corporate 
governance policies is promoted by a clear frame of reference, consistently and comprehensively 
documented guidelines, and clearly defined decision-making levels. 
The Group attempts to minimise the realisation of operative risks by continuously developing its personnel 
and by putting in place extensive policies and internal control measures, which include the separation, 
where possible, of preparatory work, decision-making, implementation and monitoring. 
The risks of new products or services shall be assessed before introduction. An assessment shall also be 
performed at the introduction of a new service package if products and services are combined in a new way. 
The Union Co-op is responsible for internal control and risk management processes as required when new 
products or services are being introduced. 
The Union Co-op is responsible for the Amalgamation's risk management and has established a risk 
committee. The risk committee assists the Union Co-op's board of directors and operative management and 
its tasks include, but are not limited to, the preparation of Amalgamation-level risk strategies and limits, 
monitoring that the Member Credit Institutions' risk strategies are in compliance with the Amalgamation-

--- Page 116 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 109 - 
70-41014363 
 
level risk strategies, assessments of the Member Credit Institutions' credit risks and management of the 
capital adequacy. 
Auditor of the Union Co-op 
The Union Co-op has one auditor, which is required to be a public accounting company approved by the 
Auditor oversight of the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The auditor also audits the consolidated 
financial statements as referred to in the Amalgamation Act. The consolidated financial statements as 
referred to in the Amalgamation Act for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 have been incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference and have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab, 
with Authorised Public Accountant Petri Kettunen as principle auditor. The business address of the auditors 
and the auditors' firm is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
Strategy of the Savings Banks 
The Savings Banks focus on retail banking and in particular day-to-day banking, saving and investing, and 
lending services. The Savings Banks' products and services portfolio covers all key banking needs of private 
and corporate customers alike. These are complemented by the financial-sector services and products 
provided in collaboration with our partners. The Savings Banks' main customer focus is on household, SME 
customers and agricultural customers. 
The basic objective of the Savings Banks is to promote thrift, the financial well-being of its customers and 
to operate near its customers. The Savings Banks' success is based on good profitability, cost-effectiveness, 
financial solidity, and risk management. Business development, risk-bearing capacity, dependable 
operations and security all rest on the foundation of a capital adequacy buffer. The goal of the Savings 
Banks is that an increasing number of Finnish customers will select a Savings Bank as their principal bank 
due to their customer-oriented approach and responsible operations. 
Despite the above, each of the Savings Banks operates individually and has its own strategy linked to the 
Group-level strategy. 
Service Companies and Associated Companies 
In addition to the Issuer, the Group has several service companies. Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland 
Plc, Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd, and Savings Bank Services Ltd belong to the Amalgamation. Sb-
Life Insurance Ltd, Sp-Koti Oy and Säästöpankkien Holding Oy do not belong to the Amalgamation but 
they are part of the Group. The service companies belonging to the Group are owned by the Member Credit 
Institutions, which provide financing for the service companies, if required. In addition, the Group or 
companies belonging to the Group own shares in the associated companies.  
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc is the central credit institution of the Group. As the central bank 
for the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc supports the Savings Banks' (including 
the Issuer) liquidity management and participates in European payment transmissions on a daily basis. 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc provides the Savings Banks with refinancing solutions in 
accordance with their needs. Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc is responsible for and manages 
the payment transfers of the Issuer as part of the standardised services offered to the Savings Banks. The 
Treasury of Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc is responsible for and manages the temporary 
funding of the Issuer, the implementation and settlement of issued covered bonds related to funding and the 
derivative transactions made for hedging purposes. The Issuer has concluded an agreement on the use of 
liquid assets with Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc. The liquidity agreement fulfils the 
requirement of a legally binding document governing the network, as defined in Art. 16(1a) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2015/61 ("LCR DA").  
Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd is an investment fund company owned by the Savings Banks that 
provides the Savings Banks and their customers with services in fund and asset management. Established 
in 2003, it promotes long-term saving and serves as the investment markets expert unit for the savings 
banks. As at 31 December 2020, the company administered 22 investment funds (UCITS) and 11 alternative 
investment funds (AIFs) with a total capital of EUR 3.6 billion (31 December 2019: EUR 3.2 billion). The 
number of fund unit holders at that time was 255,501 (31 December 2019: 191,941).

--- Page 117 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 110 - 
70-41014363 
 
Sp-Life Insurance Ltd complements the Savings Banks' core business and strategy of saving and investment. 
The company offers life insurance products and services for private customers and corporate saving, 
investment and personal risk coverage. 
Sp-Koti Oy is a real estate agent franchising entity, which coordinates and upholds the Savings Bank values 
within the real estate franchise. Sp-Koti Oy offers a franchising opportunity to local estate agents to benefit 
from the use of the Savings Banks logo and the strong support provided by their local Savings Bank. During 
its first ten years of operation, the franchise has expanded strongly to cover the entire country. As at 31 
December 2020, Sp-Koti Oy included 38 companies (31 December 2019: 35 companies), one own unit and 
four entrepreneurs using a trading name.  
Savings Bank Services Ltd commenced its operations in June 2017 and was established through a merger 
of two back office companies, SP Back Office Oy and SP Taustataiturit Oy, and through business transfers 
of three banks. 
Figure Taloushallinto Oy (until 25 August 2020 PP-laskenta Oy) provides ﬁnancial institutions and their 
subsidiaries and central organisations with ﬁnancial management, payroll management and risk 
management services as well as accounting services and related training, communication and advisory 
services. The Union Co-op acquired PP-laskenta Oy from Oy Samlink Ab in equal shares with three other 
banking groups on 31 August 2018.  The Group was already a customer of PP-Laskenta Oy previously and 
the transaction does not change any previous practices between the companies. 
Recent Events 
In accordance with the Savings Bank Act, Huittisten Säästöpankki conveyed all its business operations, 
including all of its assets and liabilities, to Aito Säästöpankki Oy and converted the bank into a foundation 
on 31 May 2020. In addition, Sysmän Säästöpankki conveyed all its business operations, including all of 
its assets and liabilities, to Helmi Säästöpankki Oy on 30 November 2020.   
On 6 November 2020, the Savings Banks Group acquired Oma Savings Bank Plc's shares in Nooa Savings 
Bank Ltd, Sb Life Insurance Ltd, Sp-Fund Management Company Ltd, Säästöpankkien Holding Oy and 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc. 
On 10 November 2020, Eurajoen Säästöpankki and Mietoisten Säästöpankki announced that they would 
start merger negotiations with Oma Savings Bank Plc. However, in April 2021 Mietoisten Säästöpankki 
decided to discontinue its negotiations with Oma Savings Bank Plc and entered into a preliminary 
agreement with Liedon Säästöpankki to sell its business operations to Liedon Säästöpankki. Eurajoen 
Säästöpankki continues its negotiations with Oma Savings Bank Plc. The exit of  Eurajoen Säästöpankki 
from the Amalgamation will not affect the Issuer's solvency, since Eurajoen Säästöpankki represents 
approximately three per cent of the Group's customer base. 
The board of directors of the Union Co-op is not aware of any other factors which would materially 
influence the financial position of the Group after the completion of the financial statements. 
Risk-bearing capacity and capital adequacy 
The capital adequacy requirements set out in the Credit Institutions Act, are determined based on the 
combined Amalgamation's operations which are based on the Amalgamation Act, which became effective 
as of 1 July 2010. Owing to the regulations on joint responsibility and security conditions prescribed in the 
Amalgamation Act, a minimum amount of capital resources has been set aside for the Amalgamation, 
calculated according to the regulations for capital adequacy specified in the Credit Institutions Act and 
CRD Regulation, which entered into force on 1 January 2014.  
The Amalgamation Act is based on the principle that the amalgamation is structurally stable and permanent. 
Therefore, it is a prerequisite for withdrawal from the membership that the capital adequacy calculated for 
the Amalgamation will remain as regulated irrespective of the withdrawal. The payment liability of an 
entity belonging to the joint liability shall also apply to a former member which has withdrawn or been 
expelled from the Amalgamation, if less than five years have passed since the end of the financial year in 
which such entity withdrew or was expelled from the Amalgamation when a demand regarding payment 
liability is made on the former member.

--- Page 118 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 111 - 
70-41014363 
 
Capital adequacy of the Amalgamation 
As at 31 December 2020, the Amalgamation's capital structure consisted primarily of CET1 capital. Total 
own funds were EUR 1,075.7  million (31 December 2019: EUR 1,044.0  million), of which CET1 capital 
accounted for EUR 1,069.6  million (31 December 2019: EUR 1,028.6  million). The increase in CET1 
capital was due to the profit for the period. During the review period, Tier 2 (T2) capital accounted for EUR 
6.1 million (31 December 2019: EUR 15.4  million), which consisted of debentures. Risk-weighted assets 
amounted to EUR 5,638.8 million (31 December 2019: EUR 5,476.0 million), i.e. they were 3.0 per cent. 
higher than at the end of the previous year. The most significant change related to the increase in risk-
weighted assets was growth in the mortgage portfolio. The capital ratio of the Amalgamation was 19.1 per 
cent. (31 December 2019: 19.1 per cent.) and the CET1 capital ratio was 19.0 per cent. (31 December 2019: 
18.8 per cent.).  
The standard method is used to calculate the capital requirement to the credit risk of Savings Banks. The 
capital requirement to operational risk is calculated by the basic method. The capital requirement relating 
to market risk is calculated with the basic method on the foreign-exchange position. 
 
 
The Amalgamation 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(Audited, EUR, thousands) 
OWN FUNDS 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital before regulatory adjustments ......................  
1,113,328 
1,066,603 
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) .............................  
-43,750 
-37,970 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ............................................................  
1,069,578 
1,028,632 
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital before regulatory adjustments ...............................  
0 
0 
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital .............................  
0 
0 
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital .......................................................................................  
0 
0 
Tier 1 capital (T1=CET1+At1) ......................................................................  
1,069,578 
1,028,632 
Tier 2 (T2) capital before regulatory adjustments ................................................  
6,089 
15,352 
Total regulatory adjustments to Tier 2 (T2) capital ..............................................  
0 
0 
Tier 2 (T2) capital ...........................................................................................................  
6,089 
15,352 
Total capital (TC=T1+T2) ..............................................................................................  
1,075,667 
1,043,985 
Risk weighted assets .......................................................................................................  
5,638,817 
5,475,985 
 
of which: credit and counterparty risk  ......................................................................  
4,980,108 
4,845,471 
 
of which: credit valuation adjustment (CVA)  ...........................................................  
111,723 
101,758 
 
of which: market risk  ...............................................................................................  
29,883 
28,824 
 
of which: operational risk  .........................................................................................  
517,102 
499,932 
Common Equity Tier 1 (as a percentage of risk exposure amount)  ................................  
19.0 % 
18.8 % 
Tier 1 (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount)  ...................................................  
19.0 % 
18.8 % 
Total capital (as a percentage of total risk exposure amount)  .........................................   
19.1 % 
19.1 % 
Capital requirement  
 
 
Total capital requirement.................................................................................................  
1,075,667 
1,043,985 
Capital requirement total(1) ..............................................................................................  
663,015 
659,725 
 
of which: Pillar 2 Additional capital requirement  ....................................................   
70,485 
27,380 
Capital buffer ..................................................................................................................  
412,652 
384,260 
 _______________  
(1) 
The capital requirement at the end of 2020 is formed by the statutory minimum capital adequacy requirement of 8 per cent., the 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. according to the Credit Institutions Act, the 1.25 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement set by 
the Financial Supervisory Authority and the country-specific countercyclical capital requirements of foreign exposures.

--- Page 119 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 112 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
The Group 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
  
(Audited) 
(EUR, thousands) 
INCOME STATEMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income ...........................................................................................  
183,038 
186,650 
Interest expenses ..............................................................................................................  
-22,071 
-31,031 
Net interest income.........................................................................................................  
160,967 
155,619 
Net fee and commission income .....................................................................  
99,742 
90,334 
Net investment income .................................................................................  
19,569 
36,668 
Net life insurance income ..............................................................................  
18,335 
15,426 
Other operating revenue ...............................................................................  
7,974 
23,349 
Total operating revenue ..............................................................................  
306,588 
321,395 
Personnel expenses......................................................................................  
-89,510 
-87,228 
Other operating expenses ..............................................................................  
-110,046 
-111,569 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets .........................................................................................  
 
-20,601 
-20,347 
Total operating expenses .............................................................................  
-220,157 
-219,145 
 
 
 
Net impairment loss on financial assets ............................................................  
-19,760 
-8,379 
Associate's share of profits ............................................................................  
70 
936 
Profit before tax ........................................................................................  
66,740 
94,807 
Taxes .......................................................................................................  
-14,648 
-20,675 
Profit ......................................................................................................  
52,092 
74,132 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of the Group ...........................................................................  
51,280 
72,949 
Non-controlling interests ..............................................................................  
812 
1,183 
Total .......................................................................................................  
52,092 
74,132

--- Page 120 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 113 - 
70-41014363 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(Audited) 
 
(EUR thousands) 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................  
1,183,519 
680,411 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ..........................................................  
109,060 
110,450 
Loans and advances to customers ....................................................................................  
9,283,660 
8,906,493 
Derivatives ...............................................................................................  
76,438 
68,697 
Investment assets .......................................................................................  
1,159,201 
1,140,782 
Life insurance assets ...................................................................................  
1,022,561 
951,962 
Investment in associates ..................................................................................................  
300 
231 
Property, plant and equipment .......................................................................  
52,151 
57,956 
Intangible assets.........................................................................................  
38,709 
37,462 
Tax assets ................................................................................................  
10,792 
3,873 
Other assets .....................................................................................................................  
160,670 
50,790 
 
 
 
Total Assets ....................................................................................................................  
13,097,063 
12,009,105 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ..........................................  
- 
3,909 
Liabilities to credit institutions .......................................................................  
389,879 
242,010 
Liabilities to customers ................................................................................  
7,778,931 
6,804,436 
Derivatives ...............................................................................................  
570 
3,835 
Debt securities issued ..................................................................................  
2,626,632 
2,755,856 
Life insurance liabilities ...............................................................................  
957,174 
892,648 
Subordinated liabilities ................................................................................  
29,220 
51,104 
Tax liabilities ............................................................................................  
73,933 
59,955 
Provisions and other liabilities .......................................................................  
85,015 
77,241 
Total liabilities ...............................................................................................................  
11,941,354 
10,890,995 
 
 
 
Equity  
 
Basic capital .............................................................................................  
25,236 
20,339 
Primary capital 
32,452 
34,452 
Reserves ..................................................................................................  
270,056 
232,906 
Retained earnings .......................................................................................  
826,526 
802,073 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Group ..................................  
1,154,271 
1,089,770 
Non-controlling interests ..............................................................................  
1,438 
28,621 
Total equity ....................................................................................................................  
1,155,709 
1,118,391 
Total liabilities and equity ............................................................................................  
13,097,063 
12,009,386

--- Page 121 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 114 - 
70-41014363 
 
THE AMALGAMATION ACT 
The following is a brief overview of certain features of the Act on the Amalgamation of Deposit Banks (in 
Finnish laki talletuspankkien yhteenliittymästä 599/2010, as amended), (the "Amalgamation Act") as of 
the date hereof. The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of 
the Finnish legislative and EEA regulatory framework for the Amalgamation. 
General 
The Amalgamation Act lays down requirements set for the operations of the Union Co-op acting as a central 
institution for the Amalgamation and the companies belonging to the Amalgamation. 
The Amalgamation is formed of (a) the Union Co-op, (b) the companies belonging to the Union Co-op's 
consolidation group, (c) the Savings Banks, Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc and the Issuer, (d) 
the companies belonging to the consolidation groups of the institutions referred to in (c) above, and (e) such 
credit institutions, finance institutions and service companies in which the institutions referred to in (a) to 
(d) above combined own more than half of the voting rights (the most important being Sp-Fund 
Management Company Ltd, and Savings Bank Services Ltd). 
Supervision 
The Union Co-op, the Member Credit Institutions and other companies within the Amalgamation shall be 
supervised by the FIN-FSA as laid down in the Amalgamation Act and the Act on the Financial Supervision 
Authority. The Member Credit Institutions shall be supervised also by the Union Co-op as laid down herein. 
The Union Co-op shall exercise oversight to ensure that the companies within the Amalgamation operate 
in accordance with the laws, decrees and regulations issued by the relevant authorities governing financial 
markets, and their own rules or articles of associations and the instructions issued by the Union Co-op by 
virtue of the Amalgamation Act. It is the Union Co-op's duty to supervise the financial position and the 
operations of the companies within the Amalgamation in accordance with the provisions of the 
Amalgamation Act. 
Licence of the Union Co-op 
The FIN-FSA issued a central institution's licence to the Union Co-op on 16 October 2014. 
The FIN-FSA may cancel the central institution's licence if the Amalgamation no longer fulfils the capital 
requirements laid down in section 19 of the Amalgamation Act. Section 19 of the Amalgamation Act sets 
forth the requirements for the financial position of the Amalgamation and requires, inter alia, that the 
companies within the Amalgamation must together have own funds of the minimum amount provided for 
in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions Act, the amount shall be calculated in accordance with 
what is provided for the calculation of consolidated own funds in CRD Regulation. Additionally, pursuant 
to section 26 of the Act on the Financial Supervision Authority, the FIN-FSA may cancel the licence for 
example if the essential statutory conditions under which authorisation was granted or business was taken 
up no longer exist, or if the operations of the Union Co-op constitute a material breach of the provisions 
governing financial markets or the regulations issued thereunder by the authorities, the terms of 
authorisation or the rules applicable to the operations of the Union Co-op. 
The rights and obligations of the Union Co-op, based on the provisions of Chapter 5 of the Amalgamation 
Act, which have been established prior to cancellation of the licence, shall not expire owing to said 
cancellation. 
Joint liability of the Amalgamation 
In summary, the Amalgamation Act prescribes the following with respect to the joint liability of the 
Amalgamation: 
(a) 
Union Co-op's liability for debt: The Union Co-op must pay to each Member Credit Institution an 
amount that is necessary in order to prevent such Member Credit Institution's liquidation. The 
Union Co-op is responsible for the payments of any debts of a Member Credit Institution that 
cannot be paid using such Member Credit Institution's own funds.

--- Page 122 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 115 - 
70-41014363 
 
(b) 
Joint liability of Member Credit Institutions: A Member Credit Institution must pay to the Union 
Co-op a proportionate share of the amount which the Union Co-op has paid either to another 
Member Credit Institution as part of the support action described above, or to a creditor of such 
Member Credit Institution as payment of a due debt for which the creditor has not received payment 
from his debtor. Furthermore, upon the insolvency of the Union Co-op a Member Credit Institution 
has an unlimited liability to pay the debts of the Union Co-op as set out in Chapter 14 of the 
Cooperatives Act. 
(c) 
Each Member Credit Institution's liability, for the amount which the Union Co-op has paid on 
behalf of one Member Credit Institution to its creditors, is divided between the remaining Member 
Credit Institutions in proportion to their last adopted balance sheet totals. 
(d) 
Member Credit Institution's obligation to participate in support actions: If the funds of any Member 
Credit Institution fall below the minimum threshold set out in the Credit Institutions Act or the 
Amalgamation Act, as the case may be, the Union Co-op is entitled to receive credit from the other 
Member Credit Institution by collecting additional repayable payments from them to be used to 
support actions to prevent liquidation of the Member Credit Institution whose funds have fallen 
below the minimum threshold. The annual aggregate amount of the payments collected from the 
Member Credit Institution on this basis may in each accounting period be a maximum amount of 
five thousandths (5/1,000) of the last adopted balance sheet total of each Member Credit Institution. 
(e) 
Union Co-op's liability to pay a Member Credit Institution's overdue debt: A creditor who has not 
received payment from a Member Credit Institution on a due receivable (principal debt) may 
demand payment from the Union Co-op, when the principal debt falls due. Such creditor’s claim 
against the Union Co-op will have the same priority ranking as the claim against the Member Credit 
Institution. As a result, pursuant to the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op is responsible for the 
payment of such debts. Having made such payment, the Union Co-op has a right to collect 
proportionate shares of the payment from Member Credit Institutions as described above in 
paragraph (b). 
The Amalgamation Act is based on the principle that the Amalgamation is structurally stable and 
permanent. Therefore, it is a prerequisite for leaving the membership that the solvency calculated for the 
Amalgamation will remain above the minimum level required by applicable regulation irrespective of such 
member leaving and after taking into consideration any related liabilities. A member that has left the Union 
Co-op will be subject to joint liability even after this, if a liability for a payment arises within five years 
from the end of the financial year following the departure and if the payment claim is made to the credit 
institution less than five years from the end of the calendar year when the Member Credit Institution left 
the Union Co-op. This period of time is designed to ensure that the Member Credit Institution cannot 
intentionally avoid its joint liability in accordance with law by leaving the Union Co-op if another Member 
Credit Institution is threatened by liquidation. 
Entities other than the Member Credit Institutions do not fall within the scope of the joint liability. 
The Amalgamation Act has been amended under the Finnish national legislation that implements the 
Banking Reform Package. Under the amended Amalgamation Act, the potential bail-in of MREL eligible 
instruments issued by one member institution may be utilised for covering losses of the central institution 
or the other member credit institutions or for the recapitalisation of the central institution or the other 
member credit institutions of the Amalgamation. 
Responsibilities of the Union Co-op 
Under the Amalgamation Act, the Union Co-op is responsible for issuing guidelines on risk management, 
good corporate governance, internal control and guidelines for the application of uniform accounting 
principles in preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Amalgamation to the Member Credit 
Institutions, with the aim of ensuring its liquidity and capital adequacy. The Union Co-op also supervises 
the Member Credit Institutions' compliance with applicable rules and regulations in respect of their financial 
position, any regulations issued by the relevant supervising authorities, their statutes and Articles of 
Association. The obligation to issue guidelines and exercise supervision does not however give the Union 
Co-op the power to direct the business operations of the Member Credit Institutions. Each Member Credit 
Institution carries on its business independently within the scope of its own resources.

--- Page 123 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 116 - 
70-41014363 
 
Responsibilities of the Savings Banks 
According to section 18 of the Amalgamation Act, a company within the Amalgamation may not, in the 
course of its operations, take any risk of such magnitude that it poses a substantial danger to the consolidated 
capital adequacy or liquidity of the companies within the amalgamation. 
According to section 19 of the Amalgamation Act, companies within the Amalgamation must together have 
own funds of the minimum amount provided for in Chapter 10, section 1 of the Credit Institutions Act. The 
amount shall be calculated in accordance with what is provided for the calculation of consolidated own 
funds in the CRD Regulation. 
On joint liability of the Member Credit Institutions, see "The Amalgamation Act―Joint liability of the 
Amalgamation – Joint liability of Member Credit Institutions". 
Consolidated accounts of the Union Co-op and the Member Credit Institutions 
The provisions of the Credit Institutions Act apply to the preparation of the Union Co-op's financial 
statements and consolidated financial statements and audit. A Member Credit Institution is not subject to 
provisions governing interim and annual reports prescribed by Chapter 12, section 12 of the Credit 
Institutions Act. 
The Union Co-op shall prepare its financial statements based on the accounts of its Member Credit 
Institutions consolidated into those of the Union Co-op or on the consolidated financial statements, 
complying with the IFRS. The consolidated financial statements also include institutions over which the 
above mentioned institutions jointly have control as prescribed in the Accounting Act. The Group's 
financial statements, prepared by the Union Co-op, are prepared in accordance with the requirements set 
forth in the Amalgamation Act. In the event that IFRS cannot be applied owing to the special structure of 
the Amalgamation, the Union Co-op's board of directors shall adopt comparable accounting standards 
suited to the structure of the Amalgamation. 
The Union Co-op's auditors shall audit the consolidated financial statements, by complying with the 
provisions of the Credit Institutions Act where applicable, which must be presented and notified to the 
annual general meeting of the Union Co-op. 
The Member Credit Institutions shall keep a copy of the financial statements available for public inspection 
and provide copies thereof in compliance with the provisions under Chapter 12, section 11, subsections 2 
and 4 of the Credit Institutions Act. The financial statements of the Union Co-op and its Member Credit 
Institutions as well as their subsidiaries must be combined to form the consolidated half-year and annual 
reports pursuant, as appropriate, to the provisions of section 9 of the Amalgamation Act and Chapter 12, 
section 12 of the Credit Institutions Act. The Union Co-op's Member Credit Institutions must give a copy 
of the consolidated half-year report to anyone who requests it. 
A Member Credit Institution shall provide the Union Co-op with the information necessary for the 
consolidation of accounts. In addition, the Union Co-op and its auditor shall have the right to obtain a copy 
of the documents relating to the Member Credit Institution's audit for carrying out the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements, notwithstanding provisions elsewhere in the law governing 
confidentiality in respect of the credit institution and its auditor. 
Withdrawal and/or expulsion of Savings Banks 
In accordance with the Amalgamation Act, a Member Credit Institution may leave the Union Co-op by 
making amendments to the relevant provisions of its rules or articles of association and by notifying the 
board of directors of the Union Co-op of this in writing, provided the combined amount of the own funds 
of the companies remaining in the Amalgamation remains in compliance with section 19 of the 
Amalgamation Act after the departure of the Member Credit Institution. The decision is only valid if 
supported by a two thirds majority of the shareholders of the leaving Member Credit Institution. Section 19 
of the Amalgamation Act provides that the amount of own funds required for companies within the 
Amalgamation is set forth in the Credit Institutions Act and calculated in accordance with the CRD 
Regulation. The preservation of solvency must be demonstrated with a calculation verified by the central 
cooperative's auditors.

--- Page 124 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 117 - 
70-41014363 
 
A Member Credit Institution may be expelled from the Union Co-op if it has neglected its duties arising 
from the membership or in case it has, irrespective of a warning issued by the board of directors, failed to 
comply with the instructions issued by the Union Co-op by virtue of the Amalgamation Act in a manner 
that significantly endangers the management of liquidity or capital adequacy or the application of the 
standardised accounting policies or supervision of compliance with said policies, or in case a Member 
Credit Institution, otherwise acts in material breach of the Amalgamation's general operating principles 
adopted by the Union Co-op. The decision on the expulsion of a Member Credit Institution shall be decided 
by a general meeting of the Union Co-op. The expulsion decision shall be valid only if supported by at least 
a two-thirds vote given by those at a general meeting of the Union Co-op. 
The provisions of the Amalgamation Act on the payment liability of a Member Credit Institution also apply 
to a credit institution which has left the membership of the Union Co-op, if the payment claim is made to 
the credit institution less than five years from the end of the calendar year when the credit institution left 
the membership.

--- Page 125 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 118 - 
70-41014363 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ORIGINATION DOCUMENTS 
Background 
As collateral for the Covered Bonds the Issuer uses the Mortgage Loans intermediated and transferred by 
the Savings Banks. In addition, part of the loan portfolios intermediated by the Savings Banks in Aktia Real 
Estate Mortgage Bank plc was transferred through Mortgage Loan portfolio repurchases to the Issuer. 
The Issuer has concluded origination agreements (the "Origination Agreements") with each of the Savings 
Banks intermediating loans for the Issuer (the "Originators"). The Origination Agreement determines the 
rights and obligations of the Originator related to originating of Mortgage Loans directly on the balance 
sheet of the Issuer and selling and assigning Mortgage Loans with pertaining loan security (the "Loan 
Security") from the Originator's balance sheets to the Issuer's balance sheet to be included in the pool of 
Eligible Assets covering the Covered Bond. 
The Mortgage Loan repurchases from Aktia Real Estate Mortgage Bank plc were made pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the transfer agreement, whereby Aktia Real Estate Mortgage Bank plc sold and 
assigned to the Issuer and the Issuer purchased and acquired part of the loan portfolio comprising Mortgage 
Loans with pertaining Loan Security included in the pool of Eligible Assets covering the Covered Bonds 
(the "Transfer Agreement"). 
Origination Agreements 
General 
The Issuer has entered into an Origination Agreement with each Originator. Pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Origination Agreement, the Originator has the right, as an accountable representative of 
the Issuer, to grant Mortgage Loans ("Originated Mortgage Loans") directly on the balance sheet of the 
Issuer. The Origination Agreements are also utilised for selling and assigning portfolios of Mortgage Loans 
("Acquired Mortgage Loans") from the Originator's balance sheet to the Issuer's balance sheet. The 
Mortgage Loans transferred directly from Aktia Real Estate Mortgage Bank plc's balance sheet to the 
Issuer's balance sheet pursuant to the Transfer Agreement are also Acquired Mortgage Loans. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Origination Agreements, the Originator shall conduct 
origination of Mortgage Loans according to the instructions given by the Issuer and the Savings Banks 
Group (including the Origination Criteria and the Transfer Instructions), which require, inter alia, that each 
Mortgage Loan transferred to, or granted on, the Issuer's balance sheet and the related Loan Security and 
the nature and circumstances of the borrower satisfies the requirements of the CBA and the regulations 
made thereunder. The Originators are responsible for customer identification and customer due diligence 
and prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing in accordance with the relevant instructions. 
The Originators are entitled to a fee for origination and administration of the loans on behalf of the Issuer, 
which is determined based on the interest of the relevant Mortgage Loan paid to the Issuer deducted with 
the applicable reference rate and product margin. 
Origination Criteria 
The Board of Directors has adopted instructions for origination of Mortgage Loans on the Issuer's balance 
sheet (the "Origination Criteria"), which is based on the business plan and credit risk strategy approved 
by the board of directors of the Savings Banks Group. The Origination Criteria are supplemented by the 
local lending instructions of the Originators, which have been prepared based on the principles approved 
by the Amalgamation. Further, the Originators may supplement the Origination Criteria by their own 
stricter interpretations of the Origination Criteria. Pursuant to the Origination Agreements, the Originators 
are required to apply the Origination Criteria to all Mortgage Loans transferred to or originated on the 
Issuer's balance sheet. 
The Origination Criteria may be amended from time to time. The Origination Criteria for the Mortgage 
Loans applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus include, without limitation, the following: 
(a) 
the borrower has legal capacity and, in case of a natural person, is of age;

--- Page 126 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 119 - 
70-41014363 
 
(b) 
each borrower has to be identifiable by a Finnish social security number or business identity 
number and has to have a credit rating; 
(c) 
customer's willingness to pay and solvency is confirmed in connection with each credit decision;  
(d) 
the Loan Security must fulfil the requirements set forth in the CBA and the separate instructions 
issued by the Board of Directors (for the requirements set forth in the CBA see section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "Covered Bond Act—Eligible cover pool assets)";  
(e) 
the Loan Security must be located in Finland; 
(f) 
the Acquired Mortgage Loan must be fully drawn; 
(g) 
the Acquired Mortgage Loan can be neither subject to collection nor subject to any debt 
reorganisation; and 
(h) 
there may be no payment defaults in respect of the Acquired Mortgage Loan on the date of transfer. 
Transfer Instructions 
The Board of Directors have adopted instructions for transfer of Acquired Mortgage Loans from the balance 
sheet of the Originators to the balance sheet of the Issuer (the "Transfer Instructions"). The Transfer 
Instructions specify, among others, the procedures, practices and reporting obligations which need to be 
complied with and the documentation which need to prepared in connection with transfers of Acquired 
Mortgage Loans to the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Transfer Instructions, each Originator is responsible for selecting the Acquired Mortgage 
Loans to be transferred to the Issuer. The Originator is responsible for ensuring that the Acquired Mortgage 
Loans, the Loan Security and the borrower fulfil the requirements set forth in the CBA and the Origination 
Criteria. In case the Acquired Mortgage Loan does not fulfil the requirements under the CBA, and/or the 
Origination Criteria, the Originator shall repurchase the Acquired Mortgage Loan from the Issuer in 
accordance with the procedures described in section "Mortgage Loans Not Qualifying for the Cover Pool" 
below. 
Transfer of Loans Pursuant to the Origination Agreements 
The transfers of the Acquired Mortgage Loans are conducted by way of change of creditor of the Acquired 
Mortgage Loans from the Originator to the Issuer. The terms and conditions of the Acquired Mortgage 
Loans do not change in connection with the transfer and the borrower of the Mortgage Loan is not required 
to sign any new loan documents. The loan number of the Acquired Mortgage Loan changes in connection 
with the transfer. The borrower of the Acquired Mortgage Loan is notified about the change of the creditor. 
The Originator reports the transferred Acquired Mortgage Loans and the details of such loans to the Issuer 
on a daily basis. The details of the Acquired Mortgage Loans are compiled from the daily reports into a 
formal transfer list at the end of each month, which is reviewed by the Originator and the Issuer. The transfer 
list is then utilised as a transfer agreement which is signed by the Issuer and the Originator. 
The purchase price payable by the Issuer for each Acquired Mortgage Loan shall be their market value at 
the time of purchase, in accordance with the requirements of the FIN-FSA. 
Legal title to, and all rights and benefits in, each Acquired Mortgage Loan (including but not limited to the 
benefit of the Loan Security and any guarantee and any payments in respect of the Acquired Mortgage 
Loan) and all liabilities, risks and obligations, including the credit risk relating to each such Acquired 
Mortgage Loan, are to the Issuer. 
In connection with the transfer, each Originator will, to ensure due transfer of legal title and any related 
rights and benefits under applicable Finnish law, and execute an endorsement on each promissory note (all 
such promissory notes sold by the Originators together the "Promissory Notes") by referencing the new 
loan number given to the Acquired Mortgage Loan in connection with the transfer (unless such Promissory 
Notes are in bearer form). The endorsement evidences that the Acquired Mortgage Loan has been 
transferred to the Issuer to the effect that it is assigned to the Issuer.

--- Page 127 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 120 - 
70-41014363 
 
Each Promissory Note is a negotiable promissory note governed by Chapter 2 of the Finnish Promissory 
Notes Act (in Finnish velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended) (the "Finnish Promissory Notes Act"). Under 
this Act, a bona fide assignee of a negotiable promissory note upon delivery (and with respect to nominee 
notes, endorsement) of such note (with certain exceptions) takes free from defects in the title of prior parties, 
a borrower's defences and/or claims of the assignor's creditors. Each Promissory Note remains in the 
custody of the relevant Originator but is held on behalf of the Issuer. As each Originator is a bank, the 
assignment of the Acquired Mortgage Loans and the Loan Security in accordance with the Transfer 
Agreement will, nonetheless, pursuant to Section 22, Subsection 2 of the Finnish Promissory Notes Act, be 
binding and effective with respect to each Originator's creditors. 
The Issuer may also originate non-negotiable promissory note governed by Chapter 3 of the Finnish 
Promissory Notes Act in the future. In accordance with the Finnish Promissory Notes Act, effective 
assignment of non-negotiable promissory notes requires that the assignor or the assignee has notified the 
borrower thereof. Each borrower shall be given a written notice of the assignment of Acquired Mortgage 
Loans. 
Mortgage Loans Not Qualifying for the Cover Pool 
The Issuer's risk assessment, compliance and internal supervision functions, which are independent from 
the Issuer's business operations, seek to ensure efficient and comprehensive internal supervision of the 
Issuer's lending activities. Further, the Originators conduct internal supervision of the process of originating 
Mortgage Loans in accordance with their local guidelines which have been prepared on the basis of the 
Group's internal supervision principles. Although the internal supervision functions of the Issuer and the 
Originators monitor the processes related to origination and transfers of Mortgage Loans, the Issuer has not 
made or caused to be made (and will not make or cause to be made) on its behalf enquiries, searches or 
investigations in relation to each individual Mortgage Loan or Loan Security acquired from or originated 
by any Originator. Pursuant to the terms of the Origination Agreements and the relevant instructions of the 
issuer, in the event that an Originator has originated a Originated Mortgage Loan or transferred to the Issuer 
an Acquired Mortgage Loan against the relevant instructions of the Issuer in such a manner that the said 
Mortgage Loan does not qualify for the Cover Pool, the Originator that intermediated or transferred the 
Mortgage Loan shall pay to the Issuer an amount equalling to the undisbursed amount of the principal of 
the Mortgage Loan, the interest accrued thereon and a repayment fee. Such Mortgage Loan shall be 
transferred to the Originator by the Issuer. The same procedure is applied to the amendments made by the 
Originator. Under the Transfer Agreement, Aktia Real Estate Mortgage Bank plc. does not have an 
obligation to reacquire Mortgage Loans transferred to the Issuer that do not qualify to the Cover Pool. 
However, the Origination Agreements impose such an obligation on the Originators who originated the 
Mortgage Loans and transferred such Mortgage Loans to the Issuer. 
Further, under the Origination Agreements, the Issuer has the right to suspend the origination of Mortgage 
Loans by the Originator to the Issuer in circumstances where the Originator does not comply with the 
relevant instructions and rectify its erroneous behaviour without delay after notified to do so by the Issuer, 
or where the Originator's solvency ratio falls below certain threshold. 
Refinancing Obligation of the Originators 
Pursuant to the Origination Agreements, the Issuer is primarily responsible for refinancing of the Mortgage 
Loans. However, each Savings Bank has, upon the Issuer's request, an obligation to refinance the Mortgage 
Loans originated from the Issuer's balance sheet to an amount that corresponds to (a) the Savings Bank's 
portion of the outstanding originated Mortgage Loans required to maintain the overcollateralization level 
determined by the rating agencies for the Issuer's Covered Bonds and (b) the amount of such parts of the 
principal amounts of the originated Mortgage Loans which, in accordance with the CBA or the terms of the 
Programme, are not taken into account in the calculation of the collateral for the Covered Bonds.  
Secondary Pledge to the Originator 
Pursuant to the Origination Agreement, if the Loan Security is pledged as security for the receivables of 
the Originator, the Issuer shall, after being informed about such pledge and upon request from the Originator 
thereof, give a secondary pledge to the Originator in the amount that exceeds the loan capital of the 
Mortgage Loan.

--- Page 128 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 121 - 
70-41014363 
 
Services Provided Under the Origination Agreements 
Pursuant to the terms of the Origination Agreements, each Originator has agreed as servicer to keep the 
Promissory Notes and any other documents and instruments relating to the Acquired Mortgage Loans and 
the Origination Mortgage Loans and the related Loan Security to the Issuer in custody and to receive and 
collect payments on behalf of the Issuer (each term as defined therein). 
Each Originator has agreed to manage, service, administer and make collections on the Acquired Mortgage 
Loans transferred by it and the Originated Mortgage Loans originated by it and to keep all accounts and 
records as provided for under the Distribution Agreements, all in accordance with the relevant instructions 
issued by the Issuer and the Savings Banks Group. The loan files, including the Promissory Notes and Loan 
Security documents, remain in the custody of each Originator to be held on behalf of the Issuer as provided 
for under Section 22 of the Finnish Promissory Notes Act. 
Further, each Originator has agreed to collect all amounts due under the Acquired Mortgage Loans 
transferred by it and Originated Mortgage Loans originated by it when they become due, and take 
responsibility for the calculating, invoicing, collection and posting of all payments under the Acquired 
Mortgage Loans and the Originated Mortgage Loans. Any payments made in respect of the Acquired 
Mortgage Loans originated or transferred by a Savings Bank shall be credited directly from the relevant 
borrower to the Issuer's bank account, meaning that the payment is not credited via the Originator's account. 
Each Originator is required to process requests made by the borrowers to amend the terms of the Acquired 
Mortgage Loans and the Originated Mortgage Loans. In case the terms of the Acquired Mortgage Loan or 
the Originated Mortgage Loan do not comply with the instructions issued by the Issuer after the amendment 
to the loan terms have been made, the Originator shall repurchase the relevant Acquired Mortgage Loan or 
the Originated Mortgage Loan from the Issuer as described in section "Mortgage Loans Not Qualifying for 
the Cover Pool" above. 
The Origination Agreements also impose certain reporting and information obligations on the Savings 
Banks and includes certain provisions with respect to the Issuer's access to records and accounts. 
Termination of Origination Agreements 
Each Origination Agreement may be terminated (i) upon the expiry of a 12 months' notice given by the 
Issuer due to justifiable cause and (ii) upon the expiry of a 6 months' notice given by the Originator. In 
addition, in case the Originator breaches the instructions issued by the Issuer in a manner which is not 
immaterial and fails to rectify its faulty proceeding regardless of a written notice served by the Issuer, or in 
case the Mortgage Loans of the Originator cause materially more credit losses for the Issuer as compared 
to the Mortgage Loans of other Originators, the Issuer has, after consulting the Union Co-op and the relevant 
Originator, a right to rescind the Origination Agreement. The Issuer also has a right to rescind the agreement 
in case the Originator's credit institution licence expires. 
Following the termination of the Origination Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Origination Agreement, the Originator may no longer originate new loans from the Issuer's balance sheet. 
In other respects the commitments of the Originator under the Origination Agreement shall remain valid 
for as long as there are outstanding Mortgage Loans originated or transferred by the Savings Banks in the 
Issuer's balance sheet and the Originator shall be liable for managing the customer service required by the 
originated or transferred Mortgage Loan portfolio. However, the Savings Bank shall not be liable for 
processing requests to amend the loan terms made by the borrowers as required by the Origination 
Agreement but shall provide the Issuer with a presentation of all relevant circumstances related to the 
borrower's amendment request and the Issuer shall process the amendment request and, if the Issuer 
approves the request, the Issuer shall prepare documentation required for performing the request and deliver 
such documents to the Originator. In such case the Originator shall be responsible for duly executing the 
documentation required for the amendment and obtaining possible documentation evidencing the Loan 
Security, and return the documentation to the Issuer. 
Should an Originator withdraw or be expelled from the Union Co-op and the Amalgamation, the 
Origination Agreement between the withdrawing or expelled Originator and the Issuer shall terminate 
automatically and the managing of the Mortgage Loans originated or transferred by such Originator and 
the related loan documentation shall be transferred from the withdrawing or expelled Originator to the 
Issuer or to another Savings Bank appointed by the Issuer. In such case, the withdrawn or expelled

--- Page 129 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 122 - 
70-41014363 
 
Originator shall be obligated to compensate to the Issuer all losses resulting from the Mortgage originated 
by the Originator. The withdrawn or expelled Originator shall be repaid the amount of refinancing that the 
Originator has provided for the Issuer once the managing of the Mortgage Loans as well as the loan 
documentation has been transferred to the Issuer or to another Savings Bank appointed by the Issuer.

--- Page 130 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 123 - 
70-41014363 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL 
The purpose of the statutory requirements of the CBA are to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient Eligible 
Assets to produce funds to service any payments of interest and principal due and payable on the Covered 
Bonds of each Series outstanding under the Programme. The CBA requires the Issuer to continuously 
ensure that (a) the average term to maturity of Covered Bonds outstanding under the Programme does not 
exceed the average term to maturity of the collateral assets entered into the Register and (b) the total amount 
of interest receivable in any given 12-month period on the collateral assets entered into the Register is 
sufficient to cover the total amount of interest payable on the Covered Bonds outstanding under the 
Programme (see "Covered Bond Act" below). 
For the purposes of the asset coverage tests contained in the CBA, the Issuer must ensure that the qualifying 
Cover Pool may only be comprised of (a) Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans that have been entered 
into the Register as collateral for the Covered Bonds and (b) Supplementary Collateral.  
The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with Eligible Assets 
in accordance with the CBA. 
Investors should note that periodically updated general information in relation to the Cover Pool can be 
found 
on 
the 
Group's 
website 
at 
the 
following 
address: 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/debt-investors. This information gives an overview of 
the Cover Pool based on statistical reports. The information is updated and published quarterly as well as 
semi-annually on the same date as the Issuer's half-yearly report is published. In the case of the information 
relating to the fourth quarter of each financial year, the information is updated on the date of publication of 
the Issuer's financial statements bulletin for the financial year in question. 
Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans  
For a description of the Origination Criteria for the Mortgage Loans applicable as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus see section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Origination Documents—
Origination Criteria". Further, the following lending criteria apply to Mortgage Loans granted to housing 
companies, which may be included in the Cover Pool: 
(a) 
The Issuer may issue credits to existing housing companies registered with the Finnish Trade 
Register. At least 60 per cent. of the total square area of the apartments, as determined by the 
housing company's articles of association, must be possessed by the housing company's 
shareholders. 
(b) 
The housing company must have at least five shareholders, which have to be from different 
households. 
(c) 
When financing a new housing corporation after the hand-over meeting where the administration 
of the housing company is transferred from the constructor of the apartments to the housing 
company's shareholders, half of the apartments must have been sold to the end user(s) pursuant to 
a binding agreement. 
(d) 
The value of the property pledged as security of the credit issued to the housing company cannot 
be less than 60 per cent. of the debt-free fair value of the property. 
The Cover Pool will not consist of Commercial Property Loans. 
Origination Criteria for the Public-Sector Loans 
All Public-Sector Loans to be included in the Cover Pool will be either: 
(a) 
granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or to other Finnish public-sector entity 
which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the 
Republic of Finland or Finnish municipality; or

--- Page 131 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 124 - 
70-41014363 
 
(b) 
fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a Finnish public-sector entity referred to in subsection 
(a) above or by a claim on such Finnish public-sector entity.

--- Page 132 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 125 - 
70-41014363 
 
COVERED BOND ACT 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Finnish Covered Bond Act (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the "CBA") as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the 
Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the Risk Factors section 
on pages 7 to 26 above. 
General 
The CBA entered into force on 1 August 2010. It enables the issue of covered bonds (katetut joukkolainat) 
are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the "Cover Pool"). The CBA regulates 
which assets can be used as collateral for the covered bonds and the quality of such assets. They are issued 
by credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage credit business 
(kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer). 
The covered bond directive and regulation of the EU came into effect on 7 January 2020. The Finnish 
Ministry of Finance is preparing necessary legislation for implementing the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Covered Bond Directive”). The 
government bill is intended to be submitted to the Finnish Parliament for review and approval in the course 
of spring 2021. The deadline set for national implementation is 8 July 2021 and the legislation implementing 
the Covered Bond Directive must apply at the latest from 8 July 2022. Hence, it is still unclear how the 
Covered Bond Directive will affect the Finnish legislation governing covered bonds. 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer's compliance with the CBA and may issue 
regulations for risk management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If 
an issuer does not comply with the provisions of the CBA or the conditions of the licence granted by the 
ECB, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-
FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer's 
authorisation to engage in mortgage credit business. 
Authorisation 
Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered bonds on the 
basis of loans secured by residential or commercial real estate or shares in Finnish housing companies or 
real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-sector bodies. A credit institution 
must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the CBA in order to obtain authorisation from the ECB to 
operate as a credit institution and to engage in mortgage credit business. The credit institution must, among 
other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed in holding 
the cover pool assets and in issuing covered bonds and also prove that it intends to engage in mortgage 
credit business on a regular and sustained basis. The issuer must have put the appropriate organisational 
structure and resources into place. Mortgage credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to 
carrying out mortgage credit business may also be authorised to issue covered bonds. 
Register of covered bonds 
The CBA requires the Issuer to maintain a register (the "Register") for the Covered Bonds and the collateral 
which forms the cover pool assets for the covered bonds. Any Intermediary Loan (see "Intermediary Loans" 
below) shall also be entered in the register. The actual entry of the Covered Bonds and relevant derivative 
contracts in the register is necessary to confer the preferential right in the cover pool. Further, only assets 
entered into the register form part of the cover pool. 
The register must list, amongst other things, the covered bonds issued by the issuer and the assets in the 
cover pool and derivative transactions relating thereto along with any bankruptcy liquidity loans entered 
into on behalf of the issuer. All assets entered in the register shall rank equally as collateral for the covered 
bonds, unless the collateral has been entered in the register as collateral for specified covered bonds. If a 
Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Supplementary Collateral (each term defined below) is placed 
on the register as collateral for a particular covered bond, the register must specify the covered bond which 
this collateral covers. Section 22 of the CBA requires that the information shall be entered in the register

--- Page 133 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 126 - 
70-41014363 
 
no later than on the first business day following the issue of the covered bond and information on the 
granting or acquisition of a Mortgage Loan or public- sector loan or a Supplementary Collateral (see 
"Supplementary Collateral" below) which is placed as collateral for the covered bonds shall be entered in 
the register no later than one day after granting or acquiring such collateral. Any changes in such 
information shall be entered in the register without delay (although no specific timeframe is provided for 
in the CBA). A Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan shall be removed from the register when it has 
been fully repaid by the relevant borrower. A loan shall also be removed from the register if it can no longer 
be deemed to be an eligible asset. A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Supplementary Collateral 
may also be removed from the register, if, after its removal, the remaining Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector 
Loans and Supplementary Collateral entered in the register are sufficient to meet the requirements 
prescribed in the CBA. Accordingly, the cover pool is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may supplement 
or substitute assets in the cover pool. 
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the register, including the due and proper recording of assets. 
The information in the register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered bonds shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which 
are permitted as collateral for covered bonds consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and 
Supplementary Collateral, together "Eligible Assets", each as defined in the CBA as follows: 
Mortgage loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Property Loans ("Mortgage Loans"). 
Housing loans ("Housing Loans") are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential 
purposes referred to in Chapter 16, section 1 or Chapter 19, section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (in Finnish 
maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, section 2 of 
the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (in Finnish asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) or shares 
comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the 
aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area (paragraphs 
(i) to (iii) being "Residential Property"). 
Commercial property loans ("Commercial Property Loans") are loans secured by (i) mortgageable 
property for commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, section 1 or Chapter 19, section 1 of 
the Finnish Land Code (in Finnish maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a housing company 
or a real estate company entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office premises; or (iii) 
collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European 
Economic Area (paragraphs (i) to (iii) being "Commercial Property" and together with Residential 
Property, "Property"). 
Public sector loans ("Public-Sector Loans") are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, 
a Finnish municipality or other public sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements 
set out in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be 
considered equivalent to the Finnish State or Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully collateralised 
by a guarantee granted by a public sector entity or a claim on such entity. 
At least 90 per cent. of the total amount of collateral shall be Housing Loans or Public-Sector Loans or 
Supplementary Collateral unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Supplementary Collateral may only be used as collateral for covered bonds on a temporary basis and in the 
circumstances set out in the CBA (see "Supplementary Collateral" below). 
Derivative transactions entered into by the Issuer to hedge against risks relating to the Covered Bonds or 
the collateral securing such Covered Bonds must be entered in the Register ("Derivative Transactions"). 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
A Mortgage Loan entered on the register as collateral for a covered bond may not exceed the current value 
of the shares or real estate standing as collateral. The current value shall be calculated using good real estate

--- Page 134 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 127 - 
70-41014363 
 
evaluation practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of 
capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. The issuer shall regularly 
monitor the value of the shares or real estate entered as collateral for the covered bonds and revise the value 
of the collateral in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy of credit institutions 
issued by the FIN-FSA. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The CBA seeks to protect covered bondholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net 
present value of the covered bonds must be covered at all times by matching cover pool assets. This is 
achieved by Section 16 of the CBA which provides that (a) the total value of cover pool assets must always 
exceed the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the covered bonds and (b) the net present value of 
cover pool assets must always be at least 2 per cent. above the net present value of the liabilities under the 
covered bonds. 
According to the preparatory works of the CBA (HE 42/2010), the net present value means, in respect of 
(a) covered bonds and (b) Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary Collateral, the total 
value of the future discounted cashflows applying the market rate of interest, prevailing from time to time. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 17 of the CBA, the issuer shall ensure that the remaining average loan period of the covered 
bonds does not exceed the remaining average loan period of the loans entered in the register. Further, the 
issuer shall ensure that the total amount of interest accrued from the cover pool assets, during any 12-month 
period, is sufficient to cover the total amount payable to the holders of covered bonds as interest and to the 
counterparties of derivative transactions as payments under such derivative transactions. Before the 
commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a debtor of an Intermediary 
Loan, a mortgage credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an Intermediary Loan, 
treat the interest payments on the Intermediary Loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral. 
Determination of requirements under Sections 16 and 17 of the CBA 
To determine the value of the cover pool assets in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 
16 and 17 of the CBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(a) 
an amount not exceeding 70 per cent. of the current value of the shares or real estate placed as 
collateral for any Housing Loan; 
(b) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent. of the current value of the shares or real estate placed as 
collateral for any Commercial Property Loan; and 
(c) 
the book value of any Public-Sector Loans and Supplementary Collateral. 
Loans that have been entered in the register and which must be booked as non-performing loans at the time 
of review of such loans in accordance with the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA, shall no longer be 
included as cover pool assets in calculating the matching cover. 
Derivative transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered bonds and any assets provided as collateral 
for the derivative transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 16 and 17 of the CBA. 
Supplementary Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered 
bonds conferred by the CBA may temporarily consist of Supplementary Collateral, provided that 
receivables from credit institutions shall not exceed 15 per cent. (or such larger amount as may be approved 
by the FIN- FSA) on the application of the issuer for a specific reason and for a specified period of time), 
of the total amount of collateral. Supplementary collateral may include: (i) bonds and other debt obligations 
issued by a central government, a municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit institution (other 
than one belonging to the same consolidated group as the Issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-sector 
entity or a credit institution referred to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company 
other than one belonging to the same "group", as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance and 
Insurance Groups (in Finnish laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as amended),

--- Page 135 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 128 - 
70-41014363 
 
as the issuer; or (iv) assets of the issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank; if the issuer is 
a deposit bank the deposit may not be in a deposit bank belonging to the same consolidated group as the 
issuer ("Supplementary Collateral "). Supplementary Collateral may temporarily be used in situations 
where (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for 
the covered bonds; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions provided for in Sections 
16 and 17 of the CBA (see "Requirements for matching cover" above). 
Intermediary loans 
The CBA allows deposit banks and credit societies to participate indirectly in the issue of covered bonds 
by means of intermediary loans granted by a mortgage credit bank to such institutions (an "Intermediary 
Loan"). The Intermediary Loan shall be entered in the register but shall not form part of the cover pool 
assets of the covered bonds. In addition, the borrower of the Intermediary Loan shall provide collateral in 
the form of Mortgage Loans and Public-Sector Loans to be registered in the register as security for the 
covered bonds of the mortgage credit bank. The total priority value of such loans in the cover pool shall 
always exceed the principal amount of the Intermediary Loan. Upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
issuer, the estate of the issuer will be entitled to collect any proceeds from such loans and enter such 
proceeds in the register as security for the covered bonds. Moreover, the issuer's estate may demand a 
transfer of title of the loans to the estate or a named third party. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into derivative transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered bonds or 
their underlying collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the register. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered 
in the register if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered bonds as provided 
for in Section 25 of the CBA nor against an Intermediary Loan. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an Intermediary Loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, 
assign or pledge Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the cover pool assets. A 
mortgage credit bank may not assign or pledge any Intermediary Loan without the permission of the FIN-
FSA. An assignment or pledge violating such prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Supplementary Collateral entered in the register as collateral 
for a covered bond or an Intermediary Loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit 
bank or a credit society nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, "selvitystila" (or "liquidation" in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a 
company or a winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and "konkurssi" (or "bankruptcy" 
in English) means the mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Section 25 of the CBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered bond 
shall be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered bond from the 
funds accruing on the cover pool assets of the covered bond before other claims. The funds accruing from 
collateral for covered bonds after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the 
issuer shall be entered in the register as collateral for such covered bonds. In bankruptcy proceedings the 
bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the register. 
Collateral entered in the register in accordance with the CBA may not be recovered pursuant to Section 14 
of the Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (in Finnish laki takaisinsaannista 
konkurssipesään 758/1991, as amended). 
In respect of each Mortgage Loan included in the cover pool for a covered bond, the priority of payment 
right in accordance with Section 25 of the CBA is limited to a maximum amount which corresponds to 70 
per cent. in respect of Housing Loans and to 60 per cent. in respect of Commercial Property Loans (although

--- Page 136 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 129 - 
70-41014363 
 
the Cover Pool does not contain any Commercial Property Loans) of the current value of shares or real 
estate which stand as collateral for the loan as entered in the register at the time of commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. The bankruptcy administrator shall assign the 
share of payments out of any Mortgage Loan exceeding the preferential right to the general bankruptcy 
estate. According to the preparatory works of the CBA, payments deriving from loans to be booked as non-
performing and proceeds from disposal of loans or enforcement of collateral shall nonetheless, firstly be 
used for payment of covered bonds up to their preferential portion. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 25 of the CBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of 
the derivative transactions entered in the register and to the providers of any loan securing liquidity for the 
issuer in liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a "Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan"). These parties 
have an equal right with the holders of the covered bonds to payment from the funds, entered in the register 
as collateral for the covered bonds, and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such derivative 
transactions and bankruptcy liquidity loans rank pari passu with the covered bonds with respect to such 
cover pool assets. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the 
FIN-FSA (see Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer) below, 
transfer collateral entered in the register of covered bonds to the issuer's general bankruptcy estate, if the 
value and the net present value of the cover pool, as provided for in Section 16 of the CBA, considerably 
exceed the total amount of the covered bonds and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not 
be necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the covered bonds, derivative transactions and bankruptcy 
liquidity loans. 
Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, 
appoint a supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory 
Authority (in Finnish laki finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors 
of covered bonds and creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a 
"supervisor"). The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the 
covered bonds and their conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders 
of the covered bonds. The person to be appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of 
financing and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the duties. 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to 
administer the bankruptcy estate. The cover pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the 
supervisor will supervise the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the holders of the covered 
bonds. Under Section 26 of the CBA, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent 
of the supervisor, conclude derivative transactions necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered 
bonds and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient amount of collateral for the 
covered bond in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered bond. In addition, a bankruptcy 
administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude 
contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out bankruptcy liquidity loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered bonds after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the issuer and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the register. 
Correspondingly, a bankruptcy liquidity loan taken under Section 26 of the CBA and each bank account 
into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the register. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered 
bond and the corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that 
has acquired a licence to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to 
supervision corresponding to that of the CBA unless the terms of the covered bond provide otherwise. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a derivative transaction to a third party on 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted 
into cash, or a right to transfer collateral to the counterparty in the derivative transaction when the interests 
of the holder of the covered bonds demands such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk 
management.

--- Page 137 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 130 - 
70-41014363 
 
If the requirements for the cover pool of the covered bonds, as provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the 
CBA, cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, 
accelerate the covered bonds and sell the cover pool assets in order to pay the covered bonds. 
Management of cover pool assets upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the debtor of an 
Intermediary Loan 
When the debtor of an Intermediary Loan has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-
FSA shall without delay appoint a supervisor to protect the interests of the holders of covered bonds issued 
by the issuer standing as the creditor of the Intermediary Loan and will have a right to enforce the holders' 
right to be heard. The supervisor must, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for covered 
bonds and its conversion into cash as well as oversee the contractual payments to be made to the holders of 
covered bonds and other parties comparable to such holders. Notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the debtor of the Intermediary Loan, the issuer's obligations under the covered bond must be paid for the 
full term of the covered bond, in accordance with its contractual terms, from the collateral entered in the 
register before other claims can be met, and following, where applicable, what is provided for in Section 
25 of the CBA in respect of payment priority. 
When the debtor of the Intermediary Loan is in liquidation or bankruptcy, the bankruptcy administrator 
shall upon the supervisor's demand or with his consent: 
(a) 
sell to the issuer the Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans, included in the collateral of its 
covered bond, in such a manner that the substitute claim is set-off partially or wholly against the 
claim under the Intermediary Loan of the issuer; or 
(b) 
if necessary, sell to a third party a sufficient amount of collateral for a covered bond to comply 
with its obligations under the covered bond.

--- Page 138 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 131 - 
70-41014363 
 
THE FINNISH HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET 
The information provided below has been derived from publicly available information on the Finnish 
housing mortgage market. 
Introduction 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans in Finland. Residential 
mortgage lending tends to be primarily secured on residential properties, although lending to municipality-
owned housing companies may also be backed by municipal guarantees. 
Lending for single family houses typically takes the form of one or more mortgage loans with an aggregated 
Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 75 per cent. Loans with a Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 85 per cent. or 90 per 
cent. where the borrower also receives an interest subsidy from the Finnish State are also available by using 
a state guarantee. In this situation additional collateral or guarantees are usually required. 
Finnish mortgage loans may have a fixed or variable rate of interest, although loans with variable rates of 
interest are the most commonly originated at the date of this Base Prospectus. Interest rates for fixed loans 
are typically set for a period of 3 or 5, or occasionally 10 or 15 years. For variable rate loans, the interest is 
determined as a variable margin over 1-month, 3-month, 6-month or 12-month EURIBOR interest rates or 
over prime rates set by the banks. The Finnish Consumer Protection Act (in Finnish kuluttajansuojalaki 
38/1978, as amended) (see "Regulatory Framework" below), does not impose limitations on the margin or 
nominal rate of interest that may be set on a consumer loan. While there are no specific rules limiting rates 
of interest (other than in respect of default interest), the general principles of equity under Finnish law also 
apply. 
Mortgage Lenders in Finland 
Mortgage lenders in Finland provide a range of financing for single family homes and for terraced houses 
or flats (which are commonly owned by housing companies). They also provide financing for business and 
commercial property. According to the statistics published by the Bank of Finland, as at 31 December 2020, 
the market shares of Finnish financial institutions of the total housing loans to households were as follows:  
Financial Institution 
Housing loans to 
households(1) 
(EUR millions) 
Market share 
(per cent.) 
 
 
 
OP Group ...................................................................................................... 
40,125 
39% 
Nordea Bank Group  ....................................................................................  
30,179 
29% 
Danske Bank ................................................................................................  
10,718 
10% 
Savings Banks Group ...................................................................................  
5,641 
5% 
Aktia Bank ...................................................................................................  
4,159 
4% 
S-Bank  ........................................................................................................  
3,250 
3% 
Handelsbanken Group ..................................................................................  
3,0683 
3% 
POP Bank Group ..........................................................................................  
2,130 
2% 
Oma Säästöpankki 
1,672 
2% 
Ålandsbanken Abp .......................................................................................  
1,416 
1% 
Hypo Group .................................................................................................  
768 
1% 
Others ...........................................................................................................  
301 
0% 
Financial institutions together ...................................................................  
103,443 
100.0% 
 
(1) Households also include non-profit institutions serving households. 
Source: https://www.suomenpankki.fi/en/Statistics/mfi-balance-sheet/tables/rati-taulukot-en/markkinaosuudet_luottolaitokset_en/  
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
Form of the Mortgage Certificates 
A mortgage loan may be secured by the pledge of one or more mortgage certificates (kiinteistöpanttikirja) 
(such mortgage certificates that have been pledged as security for a loan, together, the "Mortgage 
Certificates"), evidencing a mortgage over a property (or a portion thereof) owned by a borrower or 
Security Provider as provided for in Chapter 15, sections 1 and 2 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari

--- Page 139 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 132 - 
70-41014363 
 
540/1995), as amended. Mortgage certificates are either physical documents or electronic records in the 
register of title and mortgages (lainhuuto- ja kiinnitysrekisteri).  
The security interest over real estate is created by executing a pledge agreement, and, in respect of physical 
mortgage certificates, delivering these to the pledgee (or a third party sufficiently remote from the pledgor 
and acting on behalf of the pledgee) to be retained by the pledgee or the third party sufficiently remote from 
the pledgor and acting on behalf of the pledgee throughout the security period or, in respect of electronic 
mortgage certificates by means of registering the pledgee as registered recipient of the electronic mortgage 
certificate (sähköisen panttikirjan saaja). In the event that mortgages have not been registered on the 
pledged property or the principal amount of registered mortgages is insufficient to cover the amount of the 
relevant secured obligation, an application for the registration of (additional) mortgages may be submitted 
to the National Land Survey of Finland (Maanmittauslaitos) by the owner of the pledged property (or the 
pledgee, authorised by the owner of the pledged property). The National Land Survey registers the 
mortgage in the register of title and mortgages and the pledgee will then be registered as the holder of the 
electronic mortgage certificate(s). The Finnish Land Code further recognises the creation of security 
interests by notification to a third-party holder of a Mortgage Certificate, whether the Mortgage Certificate 
is in written or in electronic form. 
The transition into using exclusively electronic mortgage certificates has been approved by Finnish 
parliament by amendments to the Finnish Land Code of which have entered into force on 3 June 2016. 
Mortgage certificates for new mortgages will be issued only in electronic form starting from 1 June 2017. 
In addition, after such date, when making changes to mortgages, the National Land Survey of Finland will 
automatically convert written mortgage certificates into electronic form in connection with processing of 
the proposed change. Physical mortgage certificates issued before 1 June 2017 may, however, remain in 
use. Any mortgage security interest established by means of physical Mortgage Certificates before 1 
January 2020 will remain effective until its expiry by conventional means, for instance by payment of debt. 
However, physical Mortgage Certificates can no longer be used to establish new security interests after 1 
January 2020.   
Form of the Pledge over Housing Company Shares 
A mortgage loan may also be secured by a pledge of shares in a housing company which is a company 
incorporated in Finland and referred to in Chapter 1, section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies 
(in Finnish asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended). A pledge of shares in a housing company, 
which shares entitle the holder to possess a separate dwelling unit (such shares that have been pledged as 
security for a loan, together, the "housing company shares") is effected by executing a pledge agreement, 
delivering the share certificate evidencing such shares to the pledgee (or a third party sufficiently remote 
from the pledgor and acting on behalf of the pledgee) and the retention of such share certificate by the 
pledgee or the third party sufficiently remote from the pledgor and acting on behalf of the pledgee 
throughout the security period or, if the housing company shares belong to the housing information system, 
the pledge over such shares will be perfected by registering the pledge in the electronic share register of the 
said housing company maintained by the National Land Survey of Finland. The Finnish Act on Housing 
Information System (in Finnish laki huoneistotietojärjestelmästä 1328/2018, as amended) entered into 
force on 1 January 2019. The said Act applies to all shares in a housing company established on or after 1 
January 2019. Further, all housing companies established before 1 January 2019 must transfer their shares 
to the housing information system by 31 December 2022 at the latest. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Finnish law in respect of enforcement 
Enforcement of obligations, including receivables such as the mortgage loans, under Finnish law typically 
requires that the creditor first obtains a judgment or arbitral award ordering the particular obligations to be 
satisfied (for example, for a debt to be paid) after which the actual enforcement is carried out by a district 
bailiff in a procedure regulated by Finnish law. 
The principles of equity and statutory limitation may restrict the creditor from obtaining a judgment or 
arbitral award. Pursuant to the Finnish Contracts Act (in Finnish laki varallisuusoikeudellisista 
oikeustoimista 228/1929, as amended) and the Consumer Protection Act (in Finnish kuluttajansuojalaki 
38/1978, as amended), if a contract term is unfair or its application would lead to an unfair outcome, the 
term may be adjusted or set aside. Consequently, enforcement of obligations may be limited by general

--- Page 140 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 133 - 
70-41014363 
 
legal principles; in particular, certain remedies (such as an order for specific performance or an injunction) 
are discretionary remedies and may not be available under the laws of Finland where damages are 
considered to be an adequate remedy. For a more detailed description of the provisions of the Consumer 
Protection Act, see the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Finnish Residential 
Mortgage Market—Regulatory Framework". 
Under the Finnish Act on Barring of Debts by the Statute of Limitations (in Finnish laki velan 
vanhentumisesta 728/2003, as amended), debt obligations are subject to statutory limitation, which become 
effective on the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date falling 3 years from the date when the payment obligation becomes due and payable or, 
if the parties had not agreed on a certain date when the payment obligation would have fallen due 
and payable, the date falling 3 years as of the date when the seller has delivered the object of the 
sale to the purchaser or the party acting as the creditor has fulfilled its own contractual obligation; 
(b) 
the date falling 3 years from the date on which the relevant non-breaching contracting party 
became or should have become aware of a breach of contract; or 
(c) 
in non-contractual matters, the date falling 10 years from the date on which the non-breaching 
party became or should have become aware of the damage and of the liable party; or 
(d) 
in case of a damage claim, the date falling 10 years from the date on which such breach occurred.  
Where a creditor has been granted a security interest to secure its receivable, the enforcement procedure 
depends on the type of the asset securing the receivable. 
Enforcement of a Pledge over Receivables 
Under Finnish law, the creditor has full discretion over the method of enforcement if not otherwise 
separately agreed. In the case of receivables, these methods may include collecting payment from the debtor 
or selling the receivable to a third party. However, mandatory legislation requires that the pledgee must act 
diligently and give due consideration to the pledgor's justified interests when liquidating the asset, which 
in practice means that the asset may not be sold at clearly less than its market value. Regardless of the 
method of liquidation, any proceeds in excess of the amount of the creditor's receivable shall be returned 
to the pledgor. 
Enforcement of a Pledge of Mortgage Certificates 
Enforcement of a pledge of mortgage certificates must be carried out through an enforcement procedure in 
accordance with the Finnish Execution Code (ulosottokaari 705/2007), as amended. 
A creditor wishing to enforce a claim secured by a pledge of Mortgage Certificates can either: 
(a) 
apply to the bailiff for enforcement of its claim without requesting enforcement against any specific 
assets, thereby leaving the decision concerning the target and method of the enforcement up to the 
bailiff, in which case the creditor's claim will have the priority described below in a sale of the 
property; or 
(b) 
apply to the bailiff for enforcement action directed specifically at the property by virtue of the 
mortgage loan (this must be preceded by obtaining a separate decision from the relevant District 
Court to enforce the mortgage claim). 
In the case of an application in accordance with paragraph (b) above and, to the extent that enforcement 
action under paragraph (a) above results in an attempt to sell the property, the bailiff may choose either to 
organise a public auction or, provided that certain requirements are met, such as it is agreed upon by all 
parties to the proceedings, to sell the property by other means, for example, a private sale by a real estate 
agent. 
In the case of a public auction, the bailiff will make a public announcement that the property shall be 
auctioned and send invitations to all secured creditors. In doing so, the bailiff will request that the secured 
creditors inform the bailiff in writing whether they desire to be paid from the proceeds of the auction or 
whether they are satisfied with the fact that their mortgage shall continue to encumber the property after it

--- Page 141 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 134 - 
70-41014363 
 
is sold. If there is any uncertainty concerning the secured creditors, e.g. where some of them are not known 
to the bailiff or cannot be reached, the bailiff will typically summon a meeting to be held before the public 
auction. As a supplement to the information available in public registers and the debtor's obligation to 
provide information to the bailiff, this meeting is a way of obtaining information concerning the secured 
creditors. A notice to convene the meeting is sent to all known parties, including all known mortgage 
holders, and is published in a local newspaper and, if necessary, in the Official Gazette in Finland. As a 
result of this meeting, the bailiff will prepare a list of all parties involved and their respective rights and 
claims. Any claim of an unknown secured creditor not represented at the meeting shall be included in the 
list as a conditional claim with an amount corresponding to the registered amount of the relevant mortgage. 
This list must be delivered to all relevant parties in good time (normally, a few days) before the public 
auction takes place. 
Based on the amount and priority of mortgages registered over the relevant property, the bailiff shall 
determine the lowest acceptable bid, which must be received from the property in question from its sale in 
the auction. To determine the lowest acceptable bid, the bailiff shall arrange the mortgages on such property 
in an order of priority typically based on the dates on which the mortgages were registered with the Finnish 
Title and Mortgage Register (lainhuuto- ja kiinnitysrekisteri). The lowest acceptable bid must cover the 
enforcement costs and the aggregate amount of mortgages, which rank higher in priority than the mortgage 
that is being enforced. The bailiff may not accept a bid if it is clearly lower than the market value of the 
property. 
Mortgages shall terminate upon the sale unless the property has been sold encumbered or the secured debt 
has been otherwise assumed. If no acceptable bids are received, another auction or a sale by other means 
shall be organised unless the creditor requesting the first sale objects to this. The requirement concerning 
the lowest acceptable bid can be set aside by agreement between all secured creditors. 
If a secured creditor has not duly notified the bailiff in writing of the mortgage and made a request for 
payment in the above meeting held by the bailiff, the relevant mortgage will not continue to encumber the 
property following the auction. In such case, the bailiff will hold a certain portion of the proceeds received 
from the auction of the property for the benefit of such secured creditor, for up to two years from the sale 
of the property at the auction becoming effective. Unless that secured creditor notifies the bailiff of its claim 
within that period, the remaining proceeds will be disbursed to the other creditors. If the secured creditor 
has notified the bailiff in writing of the mortgage, the secured creditor will have priority in relation to the 
unsecured creditors as regards the proceeds accruing from the auction of the property. The secured creditor 
may also agree with the purchaser that the property is sold encumbered in which case the purchaser assumes 
the liabilities of the debtor towards the secured creditor and the mortgage will become effective against the 
purchaser and secure the assumed liabilities. 
Enforcement of a Pledge over Housing Company Shares 
In respect of housing company shares, the creditor has full discretion over the means of enforcing the 
security and realising the asset. Such discretion is, however, limited, inter alia, by the statutory invalidity 
of a provision providing that title to the pledged asset shall, upon default, automatically transfer to a 
pledgee. Furthermore, the pledgee always has a duty to ascertain that the interests of the borrower, the 
pledgor and other creditors of the borrower and of the pledgor are not unduly jeopardised due to the actions 
taken by the pledgee. Under the standard terms of the pledge agreements used by the pledgee, a pledged 
object may not be realised unless the pledgor is notified that the object will be realised unless payment is 
received within a month (or, if the pledged object is shares, such as housing company shares entitling to 
the possession of the pledgor's residence, two months). If payment is not received within the given time, 
the pledged object may be sold by public auction, by a real estate agent or by other appropriate means. 
Pursuant to mandatory provisions of Finnish law, if the apartment occupied pursuant to the pledged housing 
company shares is used primarily as a private residence by the pledgor, the pledged housing shares may not 
be realised until two months have lapsed after the pledgor was notified that the object will be realised unless 
payment is received. The realisation may not be started before the expiry of the statutory two-month period 
has expired, and any term of an agreement that is inconsistent with the pledgor's statutory right is null and 
void. 
Effects of insolvency proceedings on the enforcement process 
If insolvency proceedings are commenced with regard to the pledgor during the enforcement process, the 
enforcement process may be cancelled or postponed in accordance with mandatory Finnish legislation.

--- Page 142 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 135 - 
70-41014363 
 
Assuming that the pledgor is a private person, available insolvency proceedings include bankruptcy 
proceedings and restructuring of private person's debts. 
In bankruptcy proceedings a creditor holding a security is entitled to continue the separate enforcement 
process only after the administrator of the bankruptcy estate of the pledgor has been offered a possibility to 
review the pledge and to oversee the best interest of the creditors in general. Under certain circumstances 
specifically provided under the law, the bankruptcy estate of the pledgor may require from the District 
Court that the pledged object shall be realised notwithstanding the pledgee's will. 
If a debt restructuring proceedings concerning the pledgor as a private person is commenced, a stay of 
enforcement and debt collection actions will be effective as per the commencement day. Such a stay will 
cover any actions aimed to collect receivables from the pledgor including the enforcement of a pledge. The 
payment programme typically includes realization of debtor's assets to cover the debts. However, certain 
assets as the flat where the debtor resides are normally considered to fall under so called basic security 
assets which cannot be realised except for certain exceptional circumstances. 
Regulatory Framework 
Banking activities in Finland are subject to extensive regulation, primarily, under the Credit Institutions 
Act, which implements the requirements of the relevant EU directives pertaining to banking legislation. 
Furthermore, banking activities are governed by the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA. Activities of credit 
institutions (as such activities are defined in the Credit Institutions Act) are subject to prior authorisation 
by the ECB pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act. 
Business activity where repayable funds (e.g. deposits) are accepted from the public, credit and other 
financing is offered by an entity for its own account or electronic money is issued (for example, a monetary 
value recorded on an electronic device or system and accepted as payment by one or more enterprises), is 
generally referred to as credit institution activity (luottolaitostoiminta). 
Pursuant to the Credit Institutions Act, credit institutions and holding companies of credit institutions are 
supervised by the FIN-FSA. Notwithstanding this, the ECB shall have the responsibilities in relation to the 
tasks defined in Chapters 3 and 6 through 11 of the Act on Credit Institutions for the supervision of the 
credit institutions which have been conferred to the ECB pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) no 
1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions (such credit institutions including (without limitation) the Issuer). The supervision 
mainly consists of monitoring credit institutions' financial standing and risk management. Furthermore, the 
Credit Institutions Act governs the process of applying for a licence to conduct credit institution activity, 
the provisions for granting the licence as well as cancelling thereof, the financial conditions to be met by 
the credit institution, the general procedures to be followed in conducting the business and contains the 
provisions on sanctions in case of a breach of its regulations. 
A credit institution has to qualify for the general conditions which relate to conducting credit institution 
activity set out in the Finnish Credit Institutions Act. Furthermore, the FIN-FSA will verify the 
trustworthiness of a founder or a major shareholder. A person is not deemed trustworthy if he/she has been 
convicted of a crime five years preceding the assessment or received a fine three years preceding the 
assessment which can be deemed to indicate, or has otherwise demonstrated, that he/she is manifestly 
unsuitable as a founder or a shareholder of a credit institution. 
Credit institutions may only carry out the business activities listed in the Credit Institutions Act, which for 
deposit banks include, receiving deposits and other repayable funds from the public, raising funds, granting 
or arranging credit and other financing, financial leasing and general transfer of payments. In addition, a 
Finnish credit institution must have its head office in Finland as well as at least one permanent place of 
business. In case a credit institution intends to outsource a part of its critical functions' (as defined in the 
Credit Institutions Act) after receiving authorisation, the FIN-FSA must be informed in advance. A credit 
institution shall further ensure that no close link, such as an ownership interest of more than 20 per cent. or 
an equivalent degree of control, between the credit institution and another legal person or a natural person 
shall prevent the efficient supervision of its operations. The Credit Institutions Act provides that certain 
qualifying acquisitions of shares in a credit institution require a prior filing with the FIN-FSA. If a credit 
institution belongs to a consolidated group not governed by Finnish law, the ability of a foreign authority 
to adequately supervise the group forms a prerequisite for granting the authorisation required in Finland.

--- Page 143 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 136 - 
70-41014363 
 
The members and deputy members of the board of directors as well as the managing director and deputy 
managing director must be trustworthy persons who are not bankrupt and whose capacity has not been 
restricted. 
The share capital, co-operative capital or basic capital of a deposit bank (talletuspankki) and a financing 
institution (luottoyhteisö) may not be less than five million euro. The share capital or co-operative capital 
of an electronic money institution (sähkörahayhteisö) may not be less than EUR 350,000. 
A credit institution and an undertaking belonging to its consolidated group may not, in the course of their 
operations, incur a risk that materially jeopardises the solvency or consolidated solvency or the liquidity of 
the credit institution. A credit institution and an undertaking belonging to its consolidation group must have 
adequate internal controls and adequate risk management systems as well as adequate liquidity considering 
the scope and scale of its operations. 
The CBA enables the issue of covered bonds (katetut joukkolainat) which are debt instruments secured by 
a cover pool of eligible assets. Covered bonds may be issued by credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which 
are authorised to engage in mortgage credit business (kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta). A credit institution 
must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the CBA in order to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA 
to engage in mortgage credit business. The credit institution must, among other things, have in place suitable 
procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed in holding the cover pool assets and in issuing 
covered bonds and also prove that it intends to engage in mortgage credit business on a regular and sustained 
basis. The issuer must have put the appropriate organisational structure and resources into place. 
Consumer Protection 
Under the Finnish Consumer Protection Act (in Finnish kuluttajansuojalaki 38/1978, as amended), all 
consumer credit agreements (kuluttajaluottosopimus) must be concluded in writing or if concluded 
electronically, in a manner whereby the consumer may record and reproduce the agreement unaltered. 
Before concluding the credit agreement the creditor must assess the consumer's creditworthiness on the 
basis of sufficient information taking into account consumer's income and other financial circumstances. 
The creditor must ensure that the information is up to date if the parties agree to change the total amount of 
credit or increase the credit limit after the conclusion of the credit agreement and assess the creditworthiness 
of the consumer again before any significant change to the total amount of credit or increase in the credit 
limit. Further, the Finnish Act on Credit Information (in Finnish Luottotietalaki 527/2007, as amended) 
contains provisions on processing credit information about persons.  
Pursuant to the Finnish Consumer Protection Act and the Governmental Decree on the information to be 
given to consumers in credit agreements (in Finnish valtioneuvoston asetus luottosopimuksesta kuluttajalle 
annettavista tiedoista 789/2010), issued thereunder, the consumer credit agreement must include, among 
others, the following information: (i) the type, amount or limit of the credit and conditions governing the 
drawdown; (ii) the interest rate, the basis for determining the interest rate and other conditions regarding 
the interest as well as other costs relating to the granting and use of the credit; (iii) the duration of the credit 
agreement or, if the credit is to be paid in instalments, the amount, number and frequency of payments; (iv) 
the aggregate amount payable by the consumer, the annual percentage rate or charge (effective interest rate) 
calculated by dividing all costs, interest and charges payable on the credit during the credit period taking 
into account scheduled repayment instalments, and all assumptions used in order to calculate the rate at the 
time of concluding the credit agreement; (v) the right of early repayment, and, information concerning the 
creditor's possible right to compensation and the way in which that compensation will be determined as 
well as guidance for the use of the right of early repayment; and (vi) the interest rate applicable in the case 
of late payments and the arrangements for its adjustment and where applicable, any charges payable for 
default. The consumer must not be charged any payment, interest, fee or compensation that is not included 
in the terms and conditions of the consumer credit agreement. 
The terms of a consumer credit agreement may stipulate that the interest rate payable on the credit shall 
vary in accordance with a reference rate, which shall be public and based on matters not dependent on the 
unilateral decisions of the creditor. The consumer must be notified of changes in the interest rate on a 
durable medium. When notifying the consumer of such change, the consumer must also be notified of the 
amount of payments after any changes and change in the number and frequency of payments, if applicable. 
In respect of housing credits, the consumer must, instead of the number of payments, be notified of current 
information regarding the last payment date.

--- Page 144 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 137 - 
70-41014363 
 
In case housing credit is taken out by means of distance selling, a consumer has the right to cancel a 
consumer credit agreement by notifying the creditor in a durable medium within 14 days of entering into 
the agreement or a later date on which the consumer receives a written or electronic credit agreement. In 
case the consumer cancels the credit agreement, the creditor may request a compensation for the 
cancellation of the credit if the consumer has been notified of the cancellation compensation before the 
conclusion of the agreement. The creditor has the right to claim as compensation the amount paid as 
effective interest rate for the time during which the credit has been available to the consumer. 
A consumer has the right to repay the consumer credit in full or in part before it matures. In such case, the 
consumer is entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit attributable to the remaining duration of the 
credit. The creditor is, however, entitled to recover its arrangement fee in full if the fee has been specified 
in the agreement. The consumer has the right to decide towards which of several receivables of the same 
creditor his/her payment is applied. In the event of early repayment, the creditor is also entitled to 
compensation from the consumer, provided that the interest of the credit is not linked to a reference rate, 
i.e. the early repayment falls within a period for which the interest rate is fixed. Such compensation may 
not exceed 1 per cent. of the amount of credit repaid early, if the period of time between the early repayment 
and the agreed termination of the credit agreement exceeds one year. If the period one year, the 
compensation may not exceed 0.5 per cent. of the amount of the credit repaid. The creditor may, however, 
only claim the amount equal to the interest for the period between early repayment and the expiry of the 
credit agreement as compensation. In any event, compensation for early repayment may not be claimed, if, 
the amount of the repayment within the last period of 12 months has not exceeded EUR 10,000; the 
repayment is made under an insurance contract intended to provide a credit repayment guarantee; or, if the 
repaid credit is based on a credit agreement related to a current account. 
As regards housing credits, the creditor is entitled to compensation for early repayment if the amount of the 
credit exceeds EUR 20,000 and the interest of the credit is either fixed or, if variable in accordance with a 
reference rate, determined over a period of 3 years or more. Such compensation may not exceed the amount 
of loss resulting from a decline in the interest rate for the remaining credit period for fixed interest rate 
loans or the determination period of a reference rate. The FIN-FSA may issue further guidance on the 
method for calculating the loss. 
If the creditor has a contractual right to, upon a consumer's payment default or other breach of contract, 
declare the credit or a part thereof prematurely due and payable or to enforce any other specific sanction, 
the creditor may enforce such a right only if the payment has not been made within one month from its due 
date and remains outstanding and if the defaulted payment constitutes at least 10 per cent. of the original 
principal amount of the credit or, if the payment default concerns more than one instalment, at least 5 per 
cent. of the original principal amount of the credit or if it concerns the total remaining balance of the credit. 
The creditor may also enforce such right on a material breach of contract (other than non-payment) by the 
consumer. Notwithstanding the aforementioned thresholds, the creditor may enforce its right if the payment 
has not been made within six months and remains substantially outstanding. 
The creditor does not have any right to declare the credit or a part of the credit prematurely due and payable, 
if the payment default resulting in such right is due to the consumer's illness, unemployment or any other 
corresponding reason that is not attributable to him, except where this would be evidently unreasonable to 
the creditor taking into account the length of the delay and other circumstances. 
The creditor may declare the credit or a part of the credit prematurely due and payable, subject to giving 
four weeks' prior written notice to the borrower or, if the borrower has already been notified of the payment 
default or another breach of contract, with a two-week prior notice. If the consumer pays the unpaid amount 
or rectifies the other breach during the said notice period, the acceleration shall lapse. 
Credit agreement terms differing from the provisions of the Finnish Consumer Protection Act to the 
detriment of the consumer are null and void, a company (including a bank) that violates may, if this is 
necessary for consumer protection, be prevented from continuing such measures or repeating these or 
comparable measures. 
Compliance with the provisions is supervised by the Consumer Ombudsman, the Finnish Competition and 
Consumer Authority and, as the district authorities subordinate to it, the State Provincial Offices as well as 
by the FIN-FSA when the granting of credit falls within the activity supervised by the FIN-FSA. A company 
must present for inspection by the supervisory authorities the documents concerning consumer credits that 
are necessary for the supervision of such credits.

--- Page 145 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 138 - 
70-41014363 
 
Further, the Credit Institutions Act contains provisions on the contractual terms that a credit institution such 
as the Issuer may use. According to the Credit Institutions Act, a credit institution may not use contractual 
provisions that are unreasonable toward the borrower. Credit institutions are required to submit their 
standard terms and conditions to the FIN-FSA. 
Tax Framework 
The Finnish Income Tax Act (in Finnish tuloverolaki 1535/1992, as amended) provides certain tax reliefs 
to borrowers that are individuals, in respect of loans used to finance the purchase or major repair of a 
residence utilised as such individual's and/or his or her family's permanent home. In respect of such a loan, 
100 per cent. of the interest payable has previously been deductible from a borrower's capital income. 
According to the new amended rules, this deduction right has been cut to 25 per cent. of the amount of 
interests paid as of 2019. The deductible part of the interests was 55 per cent. in 2016, 45 per cent. in 2017 
and 35 per cent. in 2018. If the borrower has no capital income or the interest (and other deductible 
expenses) exceeds the amount of capital income, the Finnish Income Tax Act provides that the loss may be 
deductible from the income tax payable on earned income (such as ordinary salary) up to a specific amount, 
depending on certain criteria such as, inter alia, the number of children in the household and whether the 
residence, for the acquisition of which the loan has been drawn, is the first residence owned by the borrower. 
Pursuant to the Act on Transfer Tax (in Finnish varainsiirtoverolaki 931/1996, as amended), the transfer 
of property or housing company shares is exempt from transfer tax if the residence is the first residence 
owned by the buyer and is otherwise generally levied at 4 per cent. for direct transfers of real estate and 2.0 
per cent. for transfers of shares. The transfer tax base also normally includes, inter alia, debts of housing 
companies attributable to transferred shares, in addition to sales price. Subject to certain conditions, capital 
gains from the sale of the borrower's residence are not subject to capital gains tax (capital losses being 
neither deductible), which is otherwise levied at a rate of 30 per cent., or 34 per cent. (for the part of taxable 
capital income exceeding EUR 30,000).

--- Page 146 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 139 - 
70-41014363 
 
RESOLUTION LAWS 
The European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (EU) 2014/59 entered into force on 2 July 
2014 and it was implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 2015 by the Act on Procedure for the 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten 
kriisinratkaisusta 1197/2014, as amended, the "Resolution Act"), the Act on the Financial Stability 
Authority (Laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1198/2014, as amended, the "Authority Act") and by 
amending the Credit Institutions Act (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 2014/610, as amended) (jointly, the 
"Resolution Laws"). The Authority Act deals with the operation and powers of the Finnish Financial 
Stability Authority (the "Stability Authority"), being the national resolution authority having counterparts 
in all EU member states and established for the purposes of the enforcement of the Resolution Act and 
other regulation relating to recovery and resolution of financial institutions. The Banking Reform Package 
included a legislative resolution on a directive amending the BRRD which has been implemented into 
Finnish national legislation on 1 April 2021. There is no certainty to the regulatory changes and 
interpretations that the Banking Reform Package will ultimately effect and such changes are considered 
likely to have an effect on the matters summarised in this section (see "Risk Factors").  
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Stability Authority shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the 
institutions subject to its powers. The resolution plan is ready for execution in the event that the institution 
in question has to be placed into a resolution process. The Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with 
resolution powers and tools as provided in the BRRD. To be able to use the other resolution tools, the 
Stability Authority shall first place the institution in a resolution process. During the process, the institution 
could be subject to a number of resolution tools, including write-down of debts or conversion of debts into 
equity (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To continue the operations of the 
institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon covering losses of the institution by 
reducing the value of the institution's share capital or cancelling its shares. This is a precondition for any 
support from the resolution fund administered by the Stability Authority. 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to 
address failing financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise tax payers' 
exposure to losses. The regime imposes an obligation on the resolution authority and financial institutions 
to prepare resolution and recovery plans, authorises the resolution authority to assess the resolvability of a 
financial institution, and to address or remove impediments to resolvability. In the event of a distress of a 
financial institution, the regime allows competent authorities, being in Finland the FIN-FSA, to intervene 
and take early intervention measures with respect to any financial institution that the FIN-FSA considers is 
unlikely to be able to meet the conditions of its authorisation or its other liabilities or infringes its capital 
adequacy requirements. Such measures include the power to require the financial institution to take 
measures referred to in its recovery plan and, if necessary, require the institution to convene its general 
meeting to approve any such measures requested by the FIN-FSA, require the institution to prepare a plan 
on the reorganisation of its debts as instructed by the FIN-FSA, and to require the institution to change its 
strategy, legal or administrative structure. 
The Stability Authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a 
financial institution that the Stability Authority considers as failing or likely to fail, and where there is no 
reasonable prospect that any measures could be taken to prevent the failure of the institution and that the 
taking of resolution measures is necessary to protect significant public interest. The Finnish national 
legislation that implements the Banking Reform Package and entered into force on 1 April 2021 includes a 
provision whereby the Stability Authority may implement resolution measures in respect of the central 
institution and all member banks of an amalgamation, if the amalgamation as a whole meets the resolution 
criteria. This provision has the effect that potential bail-in of MREL eligible instruments issued by one 
member institution may be utilised for covering losses of other member credit institutions or for the 
recapitalisation of other member credit institutions of the amalgamation.  
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). Neither the Issuer nor any 
of its group companies have been classified by the FIN-FSA as a systematically important institution 
domestically or globally or as otherwise significant credit institution to the financial system in Finland.

--- Page 147 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 140 - 
70-41014363 
 
The measures available in respect of a financial institution subject to resolution procedures (in Finnish: 
kriisihallinto) include the power and obligation on the resolution authority, to write-down or convert capital 
instruments (shares or other equity) in the institution in order to cover losses of the distressed financial 
institution. The resolution instruments (in Finnish: kriisinratkaisuvälineet) available to the Stability 
Authority under the Resolution Laws include the powers to: 
• 
enforce bail-in - the resolution authority has the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of the distressed financial institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to 
common equity tier 1 instruments (the general bail-in tool, in Finnish: velkojen arvonalentaminen 
ja muuntaminen). Such common equity tier 1 instruments could also be subject to any future write-
down. Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders 
in respect of any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme; 
• 
enforce the sale of the business (assets or shares) of the financial institution as a whole or part on 
commercial terms without requiring the consent of its shareholders (or holders of other equity 
instruments) (in Finnish: liiketoiminnan luovuttaminen); 
• 
redemption of shares and transfer of shares or assets to another institution – the Stability Authority 
may transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a "bridge institution" (in Finnish: 
väliaikainen laitos) which is an entity created for this purpose by the resolution authority); and 
transfer all or part of the assets in the distressed financial institution to one or more asset management 
vehicles (in Finnish: omaisuudenhoitoyhtiö) to allow them to be managed with the intention of maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down.

--- Page 148 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 141 - 
70-41014363 
 
TAXATION 
Finnish Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer's understanding of current law and tax 
practice in Finland. They may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers. Prospective Covered 
Bondholders who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and are in any doubt as to their personal tax 
position or who may be subject to tax in any other jurisdiction should consult their professional advisers. 
It should be noted that the tax laws of Finland and/or relevant tax practice may be amended with retroactive 
effect. 
Finnish Taxation of Covered Bonds 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law payments in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Coupons will 
be exempt from all taxes, duties and fees of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic 
of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except 
such taxation the holder or beneficial owner of the Covered Bond or Coupon to which any such payment 
relates is subject to thereon by reason of such holder being connected with the Republic of Finland 
otherwise than solely by the holding of such Covered Bond or Coupon or the receipt of income therefrom. 
Finnish Capital Gains Taxes 
Covered Bondholders who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or 
business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland will not be subject to 
Finnish duties or taxes on gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds and Coupons. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined in FATCA), may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Republic of Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect and 
pursuant to Finnish domestic legislation, a Finnish foreign financial institution (Finland being an IGA 
jurisdiction) would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment". Holders should consult 
their own tax adviser(s) regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. In 
the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 149 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 142 - 
70-41014363 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, 
and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 8 June 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligations of the 
Dealers to subscribe for Covered Bonds are subject to certain conditions precedent as agreed at the time of 
an issuance of Covered Bonds, including (among other things) receipt of legal opinions from counsel. If in 
the case of any Tranche of the Covered Bonds the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method 
of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that 
Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact 
of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche 
of Covered Bonds the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will 
be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the 
relevant Covered Bonds will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any 
other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of the Covered Bonds. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Covered Bonds, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Covered Bonds comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 150 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 143 - 
70-41014363 
 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Pricing Supplement) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  (the "EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if 
it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom.

--- Page 151 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 144 - 
70-41014363 
 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Finnish Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not publicly offer the Covered 
Bonds or bring the Covered Bonds into general circulation in the Republic of Finland other than in 
compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of the Republic of Finland and especially in 
compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act (in Finnish arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as 
amended) and any regulation made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted, and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant  and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of 
Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the 
laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds) or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 152 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 145 - 
70-41014363 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by duly convened meetings of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer given on 24 October 2016 and by the board of directors of the Union Co-op 
passed on 26 October 2016 and the 2021 update of the Programme was authorised by a duly 
convened meeting of the Board of Directors of the Issuer given on 27 May 2021. The approval by 
virtue of which the Covered Bonds were issued is contained in board minutes of the Issuer dated 
26 March 2019. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer. 
There are no governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Union Co-op and/or the Group is 
aware), which may have, or which have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Union Co-op and/or 
the Group (and the Union Co-op and/or the Group are not aware of any such proceedings being 
pending or threatened). 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor any significant change 
in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
Auditors 
4. 
The unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for 
the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 by KPMG Oy Ab, Authorised Public Accountants, 
members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants, who have given, and have not 
withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included.  
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited without qualification for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 by KPMG Oy Ab, Authorised Public Accountants, 
members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants, who have given, and have not 
withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) will be available 
for 
inspection 
at 
the 
offices 
of 
the 
Issuer 
or 
at 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/debt-investors/spmortgagebank/covered-bond 
and from the specified office of the Paying Agent in London for 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the articles of association and trade register extract of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited and unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 2020; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 2020; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 153 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 146 - 
70-41014363 
 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Covered Bonds in global and 
definitive form); and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The English versions of documents translated from the Finnish original are direct and accurate 
translations. In the event of an inconsistency between the original and translation, the Finnish 
language version will prevail. 
Material Contracts 
7. 
The Issuer does not have any material contracts that were not entered into in the ordinary course 
of the Issuer's business. 
8. 
The Union Co-op does not have any material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Union Co-op's business. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
9. 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial 
Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Tranche will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing 
system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is  7437001BISR7R2A9KX89. 
Issue Price and Yield 
11. 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Covered Bonds to 
be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant 
Covered Bonds or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Covered Bonds, 
the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of 
the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date 
in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Covered Bonds set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated 
as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
Language 
12. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Listing Agent 
13. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to

--- Page 154 ---
10202181515-v10 
- 147 - 
70-41014363 
 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Conflicts of Interest 
14. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and 
commercial banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time 
to time, for which they have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from 
time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates. 
In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may in the future engage in investment 
banking, commercial banking, financial or other advisory transactions with the Issuer or its 
affiliates. 
Issuer website 
15. 
The 
Issuer's 
website 
is 
https://www.saastopankki.fi/en/savingsbanksgroup/debt-
investors/spmortgagebank/covered-bond. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements  
16. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 155 ---
10202181515-v10 
- - 148 - - 
70-41014363 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Sp Mortgage Bank Plc  
Teollisuuskatu 33 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland  
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Nordea Bank Abp  
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115  
Luxembourg 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
 Clifford Chance LLP 
 10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law:  
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  
PO Box 233 (Eteläesplanadi 14) 
FI-00131 Helsinki  
Finland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AUDITORS TO THE SAVINGS BANK GROUP 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland