--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
SPAREBANKEN SØR 
(incorporated as a savings bank with limited liability in Norway) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Sparebanken Sør (the 
Issuer, Sparebanken Sør or the Bank) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes which term shall include, so far as the context permits, VPS Notes (as 
defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in uncertificated book entry form (the VPS Notes) settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext VPS). 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis (Senior Preferred Notes); (ii) on a non-preferred basis as provided in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be  (Senior Non-Preferred Notes); or (iii) on a 
subordinated basis as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be 
(Subordinated Notes).   The Terms and Conditions of Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or another regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the Official List) and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer has further requested that the Central Bank 
send to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the NFSA) in its capacity as the competent authority in Norway (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, for purposes of listing Notes on the Oslo Børs ASA's regulated Market (the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Each of the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References 
in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been either admitted (i) to the Official List and to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or (ii) to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series (as defined below). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case 
may be) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin (if listed on 
Euronext Dublin). Copies of the Final Terms in relation to the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin.  
The Programme is expected to be assigned an “A1” (Senior Preferred Notes) rating by Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Limited (Moody’s). Moody’s is 
established in the EU and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) and is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered under the CRA Regulation, which is available on the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) (last updated on 7 May 2021). 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute 
a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Arranger 
Swedbank 
Dealers 
Commerzbank 
Danske Bank 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Natixis 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Swedbank  
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 July 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or 
the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, 
sale and/or transfer of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including for these purposes, France and Norway), the 
United Kingdom (UK) and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of persons 
domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the 
registration in Euronext VPS of VPS Notes. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II (as defined above) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars, NKR, NKr or 
NOK refer to Norwegian Kroner, GBP, Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling, yen refer to Japanese Yen, and 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ........................................................................................................................................... 8 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................................................. 15 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ......................................................................................................................... 31 
Form of the Notes ......................................................................................................................................................... 33 
Applicable Final Terms ................................................................................................................................................. 36 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes ........................................................................................... 47 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes ...................................................................................................................... 82 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................................................... 111 
Sparebanken Sør Group .............................................................................................................................................. 112 
Book entry settlement in respect of VPS Notes .......................................................................................................... 116 
Taxation ...................................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................................................. 119 
General Information .................................................................................................................................................... 122

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
Overview of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, if 
appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Sparebanken Sør 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300U497VKMF6R3Q14 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under 
“Risk Factors” below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Danske Bank A/S 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
Sparebanken Sør 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in euro, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Each Note (other than VPS Notes) will on issue be represented by 
either a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, by a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable for 
Notes in definitive form. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of 
VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS. VPS Notes will not be 
exchangeable for bearer Notes and vice versa. See “Form of the 
Notes” below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the Reference Rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject as provided in Condition 5.4 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
and Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Notes (other than VPS Notes) may have reset provisions pursuant to 
which the relevant Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one 
or more date(s) by reference to either (i) a Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the Reset 
Period; (ii) a Reset Reference Bond issued by the state responsible for 
issuing the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
Reset Period; or (iii) the CMT Rate, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in each case, as further described in Condition 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes. 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Reset Notes and 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest on Reset Notes will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (which, in   
respect of Subordinated Notes, may not take place prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date) and/or (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes which are not Restricted Senior Preferred Notes) the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7.4 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 7(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes applies, 
if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem 
Subordinated Notes (subject, if applicable, to the prior permission of 
the Relevant Regulator). 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7.5 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or  
Condition 7(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes applies, 
if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as the case may be (subject, in the case of the Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if applicable, to 
the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator). 
No early redemption of (i) Restricted Senior Preferred Notes; (ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; or (iii) Subordinated Notes may take 
place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if and to the extent such permission is required).  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law, 
as provided in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes and Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes and Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Cross-Acceleration 
and 
Cross-
Default: 
The terms of Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
will contain a cross-acceleration provision and a cross-default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 10 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes (unless 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) have limited events of default and do not 
contain a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision.   
The Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to 
be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.  
Subject as set out in the paragraph below, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, 
dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been 
approved by (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes other than 
Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) 
approved by a VPS Noteholders Meeting (as defined in the VPS 
Trustee Agreement) of the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred VPS

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Notes and do not provide that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes thereby 
become redeemable or repayable), claims of the Noteholders against 
the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank: 
(a) pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(b) pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity 
Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(c)  in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; 
and 
(d) junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in 
Norway on 1 July 2021, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by 
providing notice (the Ranking Notice) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, specify that (subject to 
the laws of Norway) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together with 
any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall 
rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer 
having the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of 
the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect 
from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of 
doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any statutory 
ranking introduced in Norway in order to implement the provisions of 
Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking as set out in in the 
paragraph above, such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
See Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations (ansvarlig lånekapital) of the Issuer, and will at all times 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated as described in the following 
paragraph. 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent 
liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the 
terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have 
previously been approved by (in the case of Subordinated Notes other 
than Subordinated VPS Notes) an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes or (in the case of Subordinated 
VPS Notes) approved by a VPS Noteholders Meeting of the holders 
of Subordinated VPS Notes and do not provide that the Subordinated 
Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the 
Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the 
Subordinated Notes (including any amounts attributable to the 
Subordinated Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(a) pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(b) pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity 
Securities;

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
(c) in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; 
and 
(d) junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior 
Creditors. 
See Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes. 
No right of set-off or counterclaim: 
In the case of (i) Senior Preferred Notes (where the applicable Final 
Terms specify that No Right of Set-Off or Counterclaim is 
applicable), (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated 
Notes, no Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the 
event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way 
of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes held by such Noteholder. 
Subordinated Notes – Substitution 
or Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7.12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 7(l) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable, applies, if at any time a Capital Event occurs and is 
continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 21, of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes or Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes, as applicable, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7.11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes or Condition 7(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes, as applicable, (if, and to the extent, so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes for, or 
vary their terms so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined in Condition 22 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 21 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable), as further provided in Condition 7.12 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 7(l) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable. 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes – Substitution 
or Variation 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7.13 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 7(m) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable applies, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event 
occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 20 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, the Issuer may, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 7.11 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 7(k) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable (if applicable and to the 
extent so required), either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be) for, or vary their terms so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined in Condition 22 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or 
Condition 21 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable), as further provided in Condition 7.13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 7(m) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be admitted to trading on either the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin or the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the relevant Series. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state the relevant regulated market(s). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes other than the VPS Notes and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save for 
Conditions 2, 3 and 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than the VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with such conditions which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
 
VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, save for Conditions 2, 3, 4, 13, 14, 15, 
16 and 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
conditions which will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law. 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 64 on Central Securities Depositories, as amended from time 
to time, which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into 
Norwegian law, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the 
rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under 
these acts and any related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer, sale and/or transfer of the Notes in the United States, the 
EEA (including, for these purposes, France and Norway), the UK and 
Japan. Further restrictions may be required in connection with any 
particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, 
TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Risk Factors 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments under the Notes. In addition, factors which 
the Issuer believes are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based 
on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Material deterioration in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers may lead to the Issuer being unable 
to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
As the Issuer conducts its business in Norway, its performance is influenced by the level and cyclical nature of 
business activity in Norway, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic and political 
events. Credit losses may occur at a rate higher than experienced in the past due to the prevailing market 
conditions.  
The substantial downturn in the oil market in the second quarter of 2020 combined with the COVID-19 
pandemic, and coupled with the measures implemented by the Norwegian authorities to contain the pandemic, 
had an adverse impact on the level of economic activity in Norway in the second quarter of 2020. 
The Norwegian authorities have gradually softened some of the measures to contain the pandemic during late 
spring and early summer of 2021. A deterioration of the situation, due to a worsening of the COVID-19 
pandemic may lead to a sudden loss of income for many of the Issuer’s borrowers. If interest rates rise and/or 
borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable to meet their payment obligations on their loans, 
which may lead to increased disruption in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer, 
which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition and 
consequently its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
If interest rates rise and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable to meet their payment 
obligations on their loans, which may lead to increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-
downs and losses for the Issuer, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations 
under the Notes.  
If the Issuer’s borrowers default on secured loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to 
realise the value of the collateral securing these loans. When the collateral is enforced, a court order may be 
needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay (if disputed by the borrower) and to enable a sale by 
executive measures. If, in the context of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant court 
decision or the relevant market in which the mortgage or other form of security is established substantially 
declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan. Any failure to 
recover the full amount of the loans could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the 
Notes. 
Commercial real estate 
As of 31 March 2021 22.4 per cent and NOK 25.3 billion of the Issuer’s total gross loans was related to 
commercial real estate (real estate development, building and construction industry and property management). 
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and coupled with the measures taken by the Norwegian government to 
mitigate the pandemic such as business closings, travel restrictions, border controls, restrictions of public 
gatherings and other measures to discourage the movement and gathering of people, tenants within the 
commercial real estate sector may face a significant decline in revenue.  
The Norwegian authorities have gradually softened some of the measures to contain the virus during the late 
spring and early summer of 2021. However, if Norway’s COVID-19 situation worsens, causing the authorities 
to reintroduce and strengthen measures to mitigate the pandemic, this could have a significant adverse impact on

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
the credit quality of commercial tenants and, consequently, on their ability to pay their rent. Increased 
disruptions in repayments of rent from commercial tenants will result in reduced revenue for the lessors, which 
in turn could result in disruptions in payment obligations under loans provided by the Issuer. Disruptions in 
repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer may in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to 
perform its obligations under the Notes. As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s loans in stage 31 within the 
commercial real estate sector (real estate development, building and construction industry and property 
management) amounted to NOK 217 million. 
Residential real estate 
Low interest rates and a strong increase in disposable income for many borrowers in recent years have led to a 
continued growth in demand for loans in the residential mortgage market. High levels of indebtedness have 
increased the potential financial vulnerability of many mortgage borrowers as a large proportion of households 
are vulnerable to a decline in income.  
A significant decline in the value of residential real estate could significantly reduce the value of the collateral 
for such loans. If accompanied by deterioration in market conditions and/or higher unemployment, which in turn 
could result in difficulties for the Issuer’s customers in meeting their payment obligations, this could lead to 
increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer, which in turn may 
jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Counterparty defaults may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
The Issuer executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate clients. Many of these 
transactions expose the Issuer to the risk that the Issuer’s counterparty defaults on its obligations prior to 
maturity when the Issuer has an outstanding claim against that counterparty. The counterparty risk may be 
exacerbated when the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices insufficient to 
recover the full amount of counterparty exposure. Any such counterparty default may have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s cash flows, business, financial position and results of operations, with potential adverse 
consequences on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive 
environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits 
A substantial part of the Issuer’s liquidity and funding requirements are met through reliance on customer 
deposits. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Issuer’s lending and deposit 
spreads. The Issuer is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits or its 
funding costs and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers.  
Although both the interest rates payable by the Issuer on deposits and the interest rates that it is able to charge 
on loans to customers are mainly floating rates, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to reprice its 
floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term. As 
applicable interest rates on several deposits are close to zero, it may not be possible in the future to offset in full 
or in part a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a corresponding decrease in interest rates on 
deposits, and thus there is a risk that the Issuer may face increased funding costs.    
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks related to the competitive position of the Group. The Issuer faces 
competition in the Norwegian mortgage market and has experienced pressure on lending margins. The Group 
may face pricing pressure in certain areas of their operations in the future as competitors seek to increase market 
share by reducing prices or offering new services at low prices. Increasing use of the internet by customers 
searching for mortgage providers also affects customer loyalty. There can be no assurance that increased 
competition will not adversely affect the Group and the Issuer’s future results of operations, financial condition 
and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the Issuer’s deposit spreads. The Issuer may not be 
able to lower its funding costs, in line with decreases in interest rates on loans. Interest rates are sensitive to 
                                                          
 
1 Stage 3 of the impairment model includes assets that have had a significant change in credit risk since initial recognition and where there is 
objective evidence of loss at the time of reporting.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
several factors that are out of the Issuer’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and 
central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. An increase in interest rates could 
reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by the Issuer’s customers. 
Conversely, a reduction in the interest rates may adversely affect the Issuer through, among other things, a 
decrease in demand for deposits and increased competition in respect of deposit rates and interest rates on loans 
to customers, which in turn could adversely affect the Issuer's funding costs and the Issuer’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Notes. 
 The Issuer may not be able to obtain wholesale funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all 
Due to changes in customer savings behaviour and relatively high credit demand, the Issuer is dependent on 
other sources of capital than deposits, such as wholesale funding, including issuance of long-term debt market 
instruments. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during 
periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the Issuer. 
The market turmoil caused by the global outbreak of the COVID-19 has not, so far, made it more difficult for 
the Issuer to refinance its borrowings on commercial satisfactory terms. The credit spreads for senior unsecured 
financing started to widen significantly in March 2020, when COVID-19 led to lock-downs all over Europe. The 
Norwegian and European authorities were swift to set up unprecedented measures to counter the economic 
consequences. The central banks were also setting up almost unlimited supply of liquidity and funding to banks 
at favourable terms to kick-start the money market and keep the economies running. The sum of all the 
measures sent the credit spreads lower and in January 2021, the prices were back to and even lower than pre-
pandemic levels. The measures have resulted in very low volumes of issuance, which has pushed the credit 
spread down significantly. The vaccination programme is taking longer than anticipated and there are more 
contagious mutated COVID-19 variants causing new country-wide shut-downs. This in turn may cause a timing 
risk for the Issuer to refinance its borrowings on commercially satisfactory terms, and if this situation were to 
continue for a prolonged period of time, it could adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to pay amounts due on the 
Notes. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Issuer is able to obtain funding in the wholesale 
market. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer such as a downturn in the international or domestic 
financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, the Programme and/or any outstanding Notes. A 
credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under 
the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position 
of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the competitive 
position of) the Issuer, and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer. 
Any of these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in obtain funding on commercially reasonable terms 
or at all.  
The Group hedges its interest rate risk and currency risk through interests rate swaps and currency 
swaps entered into by the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt 
In order to hedge the Group’s interest rate risk and currency risk, the Issuer and its wholly-owned subsidiary 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt, enter into interest rate swaps and currency swaps. If a swap provider is no longer 
obliged to make payments under a swap and exercises its right to terminate a swap or defaults on its obligations 
to make payments under a swap, the Issuer or Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt (as applicable) will be exposed to 
changes in interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable).   
A well-functioning derivatives market is essential in order for the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt to 
enter into interest rate swaps and currency swaps on commercially attractive terms or at all, and is essential for 
the financing of the Group especially related to the issuing of covered bonds in foreign currencies through 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt. Any disruption in the market for interest rate swaps and currency swaps or 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt and the Issuer’s access thereto, could have a negative effect on the Group’s ability 
to manage its interest rate risks and currency risks in an adequate fashion. Such a disruption could enhance the 
Group’s refinancing risk if the Issuer or Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt (as applicable) in such a scenario finds 
itself restricted from issuing Notes in currencies other than NOK and/or Notes with different interest profile 
from its other obligations. 
The interest and currency swaps of Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt have certain provisions related to rating 
requirement of the swap providers, implying that if the swap provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is 
downgraded and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the 
relevant swap agreement, such swap agreement may be terminated. In any such scenario, Sparebanken Sør

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Boligkreditt may encounter difficulties entering into a replacement interest rate and/or currency swap (as 
applicable) on commercially acceptable terms or at all, whereby the Group’s refinancing risk will be enhanced. 
Operational risks  
The Issuer’s business involves operational risks. Operational risks are defined by the Issuer as the risk of 
incurring losses, including damaged reputation, due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control 
routines or by external events that affect operations. The Issuer conducts its business subject to compliance risks 
(including the effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and voluntary codes of practice in Norway and 
other markets where the Issuer operates). There is a risk that the Issuer’s risk management strategies and 
procedures are not sufficient, which may expose the Issuer to unanticipated or unidentified risks.  
Further examples of relevant operational risks that the Issuer is exposed to are the following (but not limited to):  
Settlement risk: For example, the possibility that the Issuer has already paid a counterparty or given irrevocable 
instruction to a transfer of cash or securities, but the corresponding delivery of cash or securities, or, as the case 
may be, return payment does not settle at the agreed time as a consequence of default or a failure in the relevant 
settlement system.  
Liquidity risk relating to revolving mortgage loans: The Issuer owns a portfolio of mortgage loans which are 
structured as personal revolving credit facilities for the borrowers, who can draw down and repay amounts at 
will within a set overall credit limit determined on the same criteria as for standard repayment loans. If the 
Issuer experiences a large demand for drawdowns under such credit limits simultaneously, there is a risk that the 
Issuer may not have sufficient liquid resources to meet the demand. 
The Issuer is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be 
adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and communication 
technology (“ICT”) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches and towards greater 
reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications on smartphones. ICT systems are 
vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical 
damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of 
changing business and regulatory requirements and to keep pace with possible expansion into new markets and 
the greater use, development and reliance on information and communication technology more broadly. The 
Issuer may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as 
planned.  
In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues 
associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, there is a risk that the Issuer could 
face liability for losses due to ICT system failures. There is also a risk that the Issuer could face fines from bank 
regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable them to comply with applicable banking or reporting regulations, 
including data protection regulations. 
The Issuer is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems. Should 
these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil its obligations under the relevant outsourcing contract, the 
Issuer’s ICT systems may be adversely affected. In particular, the Issuer and its customers have been, and may 
in the future become, affected by network problems, which relate to third-party suppliers, and which have 
affected and might affect in the future certain of the Issuer’s internet banking and cash machine functions, 
resulting in service interruptions. A major disruption to the Issuer’s ICT systems, whether under the scenarios 
outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material adverse effect on the normal operation of the 
Issuer’s business and thus on its financial condition and the results of its operations. 
Cybercrime 
The Issuer’s activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime 
in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continuously evolving. 
Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Issuer’s internet bank users and include the potential 
unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials as well 
as account and credit card information. The Issuer may experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions 
to its systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the Issuer, its 
customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation and results of 
operations.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Risks related to non-compliance with rules on anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist 
financing and economic sanctions 
As a bank, the Issuer is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-
terrorist financing and economic sanctions, such as the Norwegian Act of 1 June 2018 no. 23 relating to 
measures to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorism (No. hvitvaskingsloven). Monitoring 
compliance with existing and future anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a 
significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and pose significant technical problems. 
Any violation of anti-money laundering rules, or even the suggestion of violations, may have severe legal and 
reputational consequences for the Issuer and could, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of 
non-viability of the Issuer  
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive or BRRD) entered into force. BRRD has been implemented in Norway through amendments to 
Chapter 20 of the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om 
finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 nr. 17) (the Financial Undertakings Act), which took effect 
on 1 January 2019. The implementing legislation grants authority to the NFSA to implement detailed 
requirements and supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution authority. 
The Issuer is a Norwegian bank and accordingly falls within the scope of the BRRD as implemented in Norway. 
The only bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or administrative procedures to which a bank such as the Issuer 
could be subject under the laws of Norway, are either resolution pursuant to the tools provided for under the 
BRRD, or winding up by way of public administration as further set out in Chapter 20 of the Financial 
Undertakings Act. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing credit institution, investment firm, certain financial institutions and certain 
holding companies (each, a relevant entity) so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the economy and 
financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which 
enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), 
which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – 
which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity 
(which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt 
claims (including Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), which equity or 
other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
If the Issuer becomes subject to resolution as provided for in the BRRD, holders of Notes may be subject to the 
application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. 
Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest 
payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the 
suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable. As a 
result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD as implemented in Norway or any suggestion of such exercise 
could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will depend 
on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is 
less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder 
has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the firm (which is referred to 
as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD).  However, any such compensation is unlikely to 
compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the 
recovery of such compensation as compared to when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at the point 
of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). Any shares issued 
to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any 
application of the general bail-in tool and/or other resolution powers as outlined above. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which: (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or in the near future is expected to meet 
such conditions; or (ii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity or its group other 
than for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve 
financial stability; and (iii) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity or its group will no longer 
be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or 
converted. 
In addition to becoming subject to the general bail-in tool, holders of Subordinated Notes may accordingly be 
subject to write-down or conversion into equity as a result of the non-viability loss absorption rules, which may 
result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.  
Under the BRRD, there is a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own 
funds and other eligible liabilities (MREL) which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in order to 
facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect (subject to transitional 
provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 
sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. On 18 December 2020, the NFSA communicated 
the MREL requirement for the Issuer, being 32.0 per cent of the Issuer’s adjusted risk weighted assets based on 
the Issuer’s balance sheet as at 31 December 2019. The MREL requirement determined by the NFSA must no 
later than 1 January 2024 be fulfilled with debt instruments that rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
the Issuer. The Issuer can include senior preferred debt in its MREL calculations until 1 January 2024. It 
remains to be seen whether Senior Preferred Notes which are otherwise MREL eligible under the BRRD and the 
CRR (as amended from time to time) will become MREL qualifying instruments under Norwegian law and the 
requirements set by the FSAN from time to time. 
Under current Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed in (which is a broader concept). For 
example, instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be bailed-in 
(but would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). Similarly, Senior Preferred Notes (which, as noted 
above will not be eligible towards the MREL requirement after 1 January 2024 pursuant to current rules) may be 
bailed-in.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Noteholders should therefore be aware that a broad range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and 
Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment in any Notes that are bailed-in. 
The Issuer's obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's other 
unsubordinated debt. An investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the 
event of the Issuer's insolvency.  
The Issuer may issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which will constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (referred to herein as a winding-up of the Issuer), all claims in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will rank  pari passu without any preference among themselves, pari passu with claims in 
respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any, in priority to claims in 
respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities and junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
If, on a winding up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims 
of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in 
full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Noteholders will 
lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Senior Preferred Notes or other 
liabilities of the Issuer which rank in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, an investor in Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or should the Issuer 
or the Notes become subject to the actions described in the risk factor entitled "Notes may be subject to loss 
absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer" above. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated and investors in Subordinated Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are unsecured and subordinated. Although Subordinated 
Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a significant 
risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. 
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (referred to herein as a 
winding-up of the Issuer), all claims in respect of the Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities, in priority to 
claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities and junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior 
Creditors. If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay 
the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking 
creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders will lose 
some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee 
and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any such 
securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes as “eligible 
liabilities” is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be “eligible liabilities” 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer (MREL Eligible Liabilities). However, there is uncertainty regarding 
the final substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter 
remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to Condition 
7.11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 7(k) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable,  (if applicable), (i) where the applicable Final Terms specify 
Condition 7.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 7(e) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, to be applicable, redeem all (but not some only) of such 
Series of Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 7.13 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 7(m) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable, if to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, or vary the 
terms of such Series of Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying MREL Securities. See 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption” and “In 
certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes” for a description of the risks 
related to an early redemption of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Notes. 
There are limited events of default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior 
Preferred Notes and no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes 
There are limited events of default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes (unless 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), as described in 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or in Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes. Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are restricted by the 
limited events of default. 
In the event that the Issuer fails to pay interest or principal when due on any Subordinated Note, the holders of 
such Notes shall not be entitled to bring proceedings against the Issuer for payment of such amounts. 
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes 
and certain Senior Preferred Notes 
In the case of (i) Senior Preferred Notes where No Right of Set-Off or Counterclaim is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated Notes, no 
holder of such Notes or the relative Coupons who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of 
set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes held by the relevant 
Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event 
Redemption 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than the VPS Notes or Condition 7(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, applies, if a 
MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes 
and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining 
the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in 
accordance Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 14 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
as further provided in Condition 7.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or 
Condition 7(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, redeem all (but not some only) of 
the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of 
such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case may 
be.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than the VPS Notes or Condition 7(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable,  applies, if a 
Capital Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 14 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further 
provided in Condition 7.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 7(d) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable , redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding 
Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of 
such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the Subordinated Notes, as 
the case may be. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In addition to the call rights described above under “Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption”, 
Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period of five 
years. To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must (if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant 
Regulator) obtain the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator. 
Any early redemption by the Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes is also 
subject to the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required by the 
Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the 
Issuer. The exercise of a call is subject to the Issuer’s discretion, and in addition the Relevant Regulator must 
agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain 
other factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will exercise its discretionary right to 
exercise the call and/or that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call, if exercised. Holders of such Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period 
of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable).  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value of 
such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case may 
be. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes without Noteholder consent 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7.12 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 7(l) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes, as applicable,  applies, if a Capital Event has occurred or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 
20 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior 
written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes (including changing 
the governing law of Condition 21 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or 
Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes from English law to Norwegian law), without the 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Condition 7.13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 
7(m) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, applies, if a MREL Disqualification Event 
has occurred or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes, as applicable, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if applicable),  substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 21 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the 
VPS Notes or Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes from English law to Norwegian law), 
without the requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying MREL Securities. 
The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or 
more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, provided 
that the relevant Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying 
MREL Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the 
VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable. 
While the Issuer cannot otherwise make changes to the terms of Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes as a class, the governing law of Condition 21 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes, as applicable, may be changed from English law to Norwegian law in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability. No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or 
varied Notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences 
for them of holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Sustainability Senior Bond”, 
there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Sustainability Loans (as defined in “Use of 
Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and/or other environmental or social purposes and Notes issued 
thereunder to be referred to as Sustainability Senior Bonds. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Sustainability Senior Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular 
no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Sustainability Loans will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Sustainability Loans). Furthermore, it

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled loan or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular loan to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other 
equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set 
out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Even if such definition or market consensus should 
develop or be established, no assurance can be given that any Sustainability Loans or Sustainability Senior 
Bonds will meet such definition or consensus requirements. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any Sustainability Loans or Sustainability Senior Bonds will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, nor that they 
comply with the criteria of any taxonomies, common standards or other framework relating to green 
investments.  
The Sparebanken Sør Group has published a framework relating to, among other things, an investment in 
Sustainability Loans or the issuance of Sustainability Senior Bonds which is available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.sor.no/globalassets/organisasjon/green--sustainability-bond-framework.pdf) and which may be 
amended or updated from time to time (the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework). Compliance with the 
Green & Sustainability Bond Framework is monitored by the Green and Sustainability Bond Committee, which 
comprises the CEO, the Co-Director and Head of Corporate Market, the Director of Retail Market, the Chief of 
Staff, the Head of Treasury and the Finance Manager of the Issuer, and the CEO of Sparebanken Sør 
Boligkreditt AS. The Green & Sustainability Bond Framework may be amended from time to time by the Green 
and Sustainability Bond Committee. The most recent version of the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework 
will be available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Green & Sustainability Bond 
Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Sustainability Senior Bonds and in particular with any 
Sustainability Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Sustainability Senior Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such 
Sustainability Senior Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Sustainability Senior Bonds are included, listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Sustainability Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Sustainability Senior Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainability Senior Bonds. 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainability Senior Bonds 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s Green & Sustainability Bond Framework, this Base 
Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms. However, whilst (in line with the Issuer’s Green & Sustainability 
Bond Framework) the Issuer aims to ensure  timely allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any 
issue of Sustainability Senior Bonds to Sustainability Loans, there can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s)

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
or use(s) which are the subject of, or related to, any Sustainability Loans will be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Sustainability Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that 
such Sustainability Loans will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. While any 
Sustainability Senior Bond net proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold and/or invest the balance of net 
proceeds not yet allocated to eligible loans, at its own discretion, in its liquidity portfolio in money market 
instruments. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any such 
Sustainability Senior Bonds issued under the Programme.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Sustainability Senior Bonds for any 
Sustainability Loans as aforesaid will not constitute an event of default, or, as the case may be, enforcement 
event under the relevant Sustainability Senior Bonds. The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any such 
Sustainability Senior Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Sustainability Senior Bonds and 
also potentially the value of any other Sustainability Senior Bonds which are intended to finance Sustainability 
Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. In addition, as noted above, the Issuer’s Sustainability Senior Bonds may not 
meet any future definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes, a 
“green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled asset, should such definition or consensus materialise. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Issuer’s Green & Sustainability Bond Framework (as 
further described in “Use of Proceeds” below) for further information. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes where the change of 
interest basis results in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the relevant Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the relevant Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the relevant Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest to (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On 
and from the First Reset Date, the interest rate will be reset to the First Reset Rate of Interest (being the sum of 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Reset Margin, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and on and from each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (being the sum of the relevant  Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date. The First Reset Rate of Interest and any 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods, as applicable, and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
VPS Notes cannot be issued as Reset Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
Meetings of the Noteholders, Modification and Waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, 
without the consent of holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, agree to any modification of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of Notes other than 
VPS Notes and the Couponholders as described in Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee may agree to amend the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders provided that (i) such 
amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, 
or (ii) such amendment is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (iii) such 
amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. 
The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such 
amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is 
unnecessary. 
Depending on the nature of the relevant modification or amendment, any such modification or amendment could 
impact the market value of the Notes. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENTS OF THE ISSUER AND 
THE NOTES  
Implementation of new EU regulations remains unclear and may have an adverse effect on the Notes 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the 
directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 
2013 (the CRD IV) and the Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR), the BRRD and 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism for the Banking Union and 
proposed an amending directive to facilitate the creation of a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt (the 
Banking Reform Package). The Banking Reform Package covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 
framework, the leverage ratio, the mandatory restrictions on distributions, the permission for reducing own 
funds and eligible liabilities, the macroprudential tools, a new category of “non-preferred” senior debt, the 
MREL (as defined above) framework and the integration of the Financial Stability Board’s proposed minimum 
total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. The various directives and regulations intended to implement 
the Banking Reform Package were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and 
entered into force in the European Union on 27 June 2019. Such directives and regulations implementing the 
Banking Reform Package have yet to be implemented as a matter of domestic law in Norway. 
 On 9 April 2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal to Parliament for the 
implementation of the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD into Norwegian law. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, uncertainty remains over the exact timing for adoption and entry into force of the national 
legislation transposing the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD into Norwegian law. The 
legislative proposal is scheduled to be considered by the Norwegian Parliament on 11 June 2021. 
The new category of “non-preferred” senior debt mentioned above is included in the Banking Reform Package 
by virtue of a draft amending directive facilitating the creation of such new asset class of “non-preferred” senior

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
debt which was published in final form on 12 December 2017 (the Creditor Hierarchy Directive). On 4 
December 2020, the Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal for transposing the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive into Norwegian law through amendments of the Financial Undertakings Act. The legislative proposal 
was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament on 23 April 2021 and will enter into force on 1 July 2021. 
Until the Banking Reform Package has been fully implemented in Norway, it is uncertain how it will affect the 
Issuer or holders of the Notes. 
There are risks that certain "benchmark" rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the 
future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading 
market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including LIBOR, EURIBOR, SIBOR, 
TIBOR, HIBOR and the Bank of England Base Rate), are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
“benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such "benchmarks". The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021. 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a 
statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement 
on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on 
which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will occur 
immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese 
Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. 
In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 
2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 
June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Also, in 2019, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK started its work with exploring 
an alternative reference rate and consequences of a discontinuation of NIBOR. In 2019, it recommended a 
modified NOWA as the alternative reference rate for NIBOR, which from 1 January 2020 has been administered 
Risk Factors by the Norwegian Central Bank (Norges Bank). The working group continued its work through 
2020 by establishing two subgroups comprising a group for market standards and fallback provisions and a 
group for exploring the establishment of an Overnight Index Swap (OIS) market in NOK. On 28 September 
2020, the working group published a consultation paper on fall back provisions and term and spread adjustments 
between NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR. Its final report and recommendation for market 
conventions and fallback solutions was published on 15 December 2020. As of 29 April 2021, the Norwegian 
Central Bank has been publishing a NOWA compounded index and compounded NOWA averages to further 
support the use of NOWA as a reference rate for financial products. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark".  
Investors should be aware that the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, provide for certain fallback arrangements for the purpose of 
determining the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, any component part thereof) applicable to an issue of 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes.  
In relation to (i) Notes that are Reset Notes and where Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the manner in which the 
rate of interest is to be determined in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) Notes that are Floating Rate Notes and 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined in 
the applicable Final Terms (any such Notes as described in (i) and (ii) above being Relevant Notes), if 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, such fallback 
arrangements will include the possibility that, upon the Issuer determining that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component part thereof) could be set or, as the case may 
be, determined by the Issuer (having consulted with an Independent Adviser) by reference to a Successor 
Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (as described more fully in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes). 
An Adjustment Spread is either (a) the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the 
relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central 
banks/supervisory authorities), or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate);  
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the relevant Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied);

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by such Alternative Reference Rate; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(v) 
the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its 
discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective of 
reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders.  
The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Relevant Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. In addition, the application of an Adjustment Spread could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of 
each Noteholder, any such Adjustment Spread will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, the Issuer may also determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser) that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant 
Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments 
described above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable, may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, in the case of Relevant 
Notes, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
“benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
In addition, potential investors should note that:  
(a) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, 
and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as (i) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible 
Liabilities; or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and 
(b) 
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and 
no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described above) 
will apply.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents, which have previously been published and filed with the Central Bank, shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 together 
with the independent auditors’ report thereon (an English translation is available on the website of the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/financial-reporting/2019-annual-report-sparebanken-
sor.pdf); set out on the following pages of the Issuer’s 2019 annual report (in a document named 
“Annual Report 2019”): 
Income Statement 
 
p.22 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
p.23 
Equity Statement  
 
p.24 
Cash Flow Statement 
 
p.25 
Notes 
 
 
 
p.26 – 93 (inclusive) 
Alternative Performance measures   p. 95  
Auditor’s Report  
 
p.103 – 107 (inclusive); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 together with the independent auditor’s report thereon (an English translation is available on the 
website of the Issuer at https://www.sor.no/globalassets/financial-reporting/2020-annual-report-
sparebanken-sor.pdf) set out on the following pages of the Issuer’s 2018 annual report (in a document 
named “Annual Report 2020”): 
Income Statement 
 
p.25 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
p.26 
Equity Statement  
 
p.27 
Cash Flow Statement 
 
p.28 
Notes 
 
 
 
p.29 – 104 (inclusive) 
Alternative Performance measures   p. 106 
Auditor’s Report  
 
p.114 – 118 (inclusive); 
(c) 
the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the three month period ended 
31 March 2021 (an English translation is available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/financial-reporting/2021-q1-report-sparebanken-sor.pdf) set out on 
the following pages of the Issuer’s interim unaudited first-quarter report (in a document named “Q1 
2021”): 
Income Statement 
 
p.13 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
p.14 
Cash Flow Statement 
 
p.15 
Statement of changes in equity 
p.16 
Notes 
 
 
 
p.17-32 
Alternative Performance Measures p.37;  
(d) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 28-46 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 47-65 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 
19 August 2016 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c042327c-
6193-4bf0-ba41-35316d6a1b56.pdf); and 
(e) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 30-48 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 49-67 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
30 June 2017 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FBase+Prospectus_922b0b36-3457-4baf-9072-a7a4fad71133.pdf);  
(f) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 33-50 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 51-67 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 
28 June 2018 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/obligasjonslan/sparebanken-sor/2018-emtn-programme-sparebanken-
sor.pdf); 
(g) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 47-81 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 82-110 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 
5 July 2019 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5a8806fd-
5a10-4853-81ff-f25b94cb2481.pdf); and 
(h) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 45-79 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 80-107 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 
29 June 2020 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_523956b5-
622b-45fe-be30-1ac8fc24b131.pdf). 
Only the information set out in the cross-reference lists in (a) – (h) above is being incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. Any other information that is not included in the cross-reference lists above is considered 
to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the relevant annexes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and such additional information shall not be incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. Any such non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The auditor’s reports outlined in (a) and (b) above constitute accurate and direct translations of the Norwegian 
originals. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached 
or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
NOTES (OTHER THAN VPS NOTES) 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global 
Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners 
of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event 
of Default (as defined in Condition 11 (in relation to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Condition 12 (in relation to Senior 
Preferred Notes (unless Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as applicable) has occurred or is continuing and/or, (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) a payment default has occurred 
and is continuing with respect to such Notes, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Agent. 
The exchange upon notice or the exchange at any time upon an Exchange Event should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Notes are issued in denominations comprising a minimum Specified Denomination (such as 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)). Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any Senior Preferred Note or Senior Non-Preferred Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain 
circumstances described in Condition 10 or Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes, as applicable. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the 
Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a 
deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 29 June 2020 and executed by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes”), 
the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to 
the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of such VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the VPS Agent (the VPS Letter), 
which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of the Final Terms attached 
thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the applicable Final Terms to Euronext VPS and 
notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, 
the VPS Agent will credit each subscribing account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will only 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
GENERAL 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Applicable Final Terms 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom (UK) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK 
MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail 
clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom (UK) domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the [United Kingdom (UK)/UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Date] 
Sparebanken Sør 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300U497VKMF6R3Q14 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 8 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in these Final 
Terms, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[19 August 2016/30 June 2017/28 June 2018/5 July 2019/29 June 2020] [[and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[date(s)]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2021. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When 
used in these Final Terms, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/.]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Sparebanken Sør 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [ ]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
[ ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ][Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 [Reset Notes] 
 
[[[ ] 
month 
[[Sterling/Euro/Swiss 
Franc] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [ ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16/17 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[From [Fixed Rate to Floating Rate][Floating 
Rate to Fixed Rate] with effect from [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(see paragraph 18/19 below)] 
13. 
(i)  
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior 
Preferred/Senior 
Non-
Preferred/Subordinated] 
(A) 
No 
Right 
of 
Set-Off 
or 
Counterclaim: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(B) 
Regulatory Consent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(C) 
Redemption upon occurrence of 
[Applicable – Condition 7.4 of the Terms and

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Capital Event and amounts 
payable on redemption therefor: 
Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes 
applies/Condition 
7(d) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes applies/ Not 
Applicable (If applicable, specify the amount 
payable on redemption following a Capital 
Event)] 
(Only relevant for Subordinated Notes) 
(D) 
Redemption upon occurrence of 
MREL Disqualification Event 
and 
amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition 7.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes 
applies/Condition 
7(e) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes applies (If 
applicable, specify the amount payable on 
redemption following a MREL Disqualification 
Event)] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
(E) 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 7.12/7.13 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS 
Notes applies/Condition 7(l)/7(m) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes applies /Not 
Applicable] 
(Condition 7.12/7(l)  is relevant for Subordinated 
Notes and Condition 7.13/7(m) is relevant for 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) 
(F) 
Restricted 
Gross-Up 
Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(G) 
Unrestricted Events of Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(H) 
[Notice periods for Condition 
[[7.4]/[7.5]] of the Terms and 
Conditions of Notes other than 
VPS Notes/[[7(d)]/[7(e)]] of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes:] 
[Minimum period: [ ] days] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days] 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year, from and including [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[Plus/Minus][ ] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin:  
[[Plus/Minus][ ] per cent. per annum/Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year  
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. The Fixed Coupon Amount for an issue of 
Subordinated Notes will not apply if the 
Calculation Amount has been adjusted or if any 
accrued but unpaid amount of interest has been 
reduced and/or cancelled, as applicable, as 
described in the Conditions) 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[Not Applicable/[ ] per Calculation Amount [for 
the [short/long] first Interest Period] payable on [ 
]] 
 
(N.B. The Broken Amount for an issue of 
Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Notes will not apply if the Calculation Amount 
has been adjusted or if any accrued but unpaid 
amount of interest has been reduced and/or 
cancelled, as applicable, as described in the 
Conditions) 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[ ] [and [ ]]/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(xi) 
Specified Time: 
[ ] 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reset Reference Bond]/[CMT 
Rate]] 
(xiv) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[ ] per cent.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
 
Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[ ] per cent. 
 
Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference 
Rate is Reset Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(xviii) 
Fallback Specified Time: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference 
Rate is CMT Rate) 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
(xx) 
[Calculation Agent: 
[ ]] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Agent): 
[[ ] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent][Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[[Sterling/Euro/Swiss 
Franc] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
Reference Rate Replacement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition [7.2 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Notes other than VPS 
Notes/7(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes]: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days  
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Sterling Make-
Whole Redemption Amount/Non-Sterling Make-
Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[       ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
[[       ]/ FA Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Quotation Time: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[ ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Notes in definitive form [on 60 days’ notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Notes 
in definitive form on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Notes 
in definitive form [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][ ]  
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Notes 
in definitive form: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of Sparebanken Sør: 
 
 
 
By: ................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] / 
[admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange 
Regulated Market] with effect from [ ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin and listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin] / [Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated 
Market] with effect from [ ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes calculated by reference to a benchmark 
only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term 
is defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that 
[legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[ ] by [ ]. 
[[Each of ][ ] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) and is on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
ESMA 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the ratings provider.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Business Purposes/Sustainability Senior 
Bonds/[   ]] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
6. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]2, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA)  or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
 [[See/[[include code]3 , as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA)  or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen, 
Euronext 
VPS 
Identification 
number 
[ 
] 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the register maintained by Euronext VPS for 
the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the VPS Notes] 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
 [Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
                                                          
 
2 The actual code should be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
3 The actual code should be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C rules 
applicable 
or 
TEFRA 
rules 
not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be incorporated 
by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made 
to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms 
are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Sparebanken Sør (the Issuer) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 8 July 2021 and made between the Issuer, and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) and 
any other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached 
on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of Notes and shall, in 
relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restricted from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 29 
June 2020 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for 
Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin), the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. If the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing 
authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. When used in the 
Conditions, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements 
in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
This Note may be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, 
depending upon the Status of the Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
2.1 
This Condition 2 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and “Coupons” in 
this Condition 2 shall be construed accordingly.  
The Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to 
be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future, from time to time outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of 
third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable 
law.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
2.2 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
This Condition 2.2 applies only where No Right of Set-Off or Counterclaim is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
No Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
This Condition 3 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly. 
3.1 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at 
all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
3.2 
Subject as set out in Condition 3.3 below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent 
liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of the Notes and do not 
provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the Noteholders 
against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes (including any amounts attributable 
to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(b) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(c) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(d) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
3.3 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway on 1 July 2021, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the Ranking Notice) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the 
Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank 
within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking 
contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should 
there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking in Norway in order to implement the 
provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking as set out in Condition 3.2 above, 
such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
3.4 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
This Condition 4 applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in 
this Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly. 
4.1 
The Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (ansvarlig lånekapital) of 
the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 4.2. 
4.2 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up 
solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the 
terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes and do not provide that the Notes 
thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
respect of or arising under the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(b) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities;  
(c) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(d) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors. 
4.3 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Reset Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.1 applies only to Fixed Rate Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 5.1 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Each Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in 
the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.2 applies only to Floating Rate Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 5.2 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will 
be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the London 
interbank offered rate (LIBOR), the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the 
Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or the Stockholm interbank offered rate 
(STIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the Specified Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Reference Banks Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Reference Banks Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Reference Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Reference Banks Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the 
Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Reference Banks 
Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Reference Banks Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to it. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 16 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2, whether by 
the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Interest on Reset Notes 
This Condition 5.3 applies only to Reset Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 5.3 shall be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(a) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
(the Initial Period), at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at 
the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period falling in the Initial 
Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of Interest in 
respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of Interest for such Reset 
Period.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Reset 
Notes Interest Amount) payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Reset 
Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(b) 
Fallbacks  
This Condition 5.3(b) applies only if the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as Mid-Swap Rate. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Reset Reference 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period 
falling in the relevant Reset Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent, on the following 
basis: 
(i) 
the Reference Banks Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Reset Determination Date in question;  
(ii) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of 
(A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(v) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.3, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be equal to the 
sum of:  
(A) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin;  
(B) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin; 
(C) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent and (if the Calculation Agent is not the Agent) 
notified to the Agent.  
(c) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 5.3(c) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so specified as being 
applicable, the First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
will be converted by the Calculation Agent from the Original Reference Rate Payment Basis specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment 
Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a 
leading financial institution selected by it). 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Agent will cause the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset 
Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest Period falling in such Reset Period to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Reset Notes 
Interest Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(e) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.3, whether by the Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
5.4 
Reference Rate Replacement  
If:  
(a) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) the Notes 
are Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reset 
Reference Rate or (ii) the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(b) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2(b)(ii) or 5.3(b), as applicable, the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate,  
then the following provisions shall apply to the Notes:    
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (on the 
terms described in Condition 5.4(b)(ii) below), as soon as reasonably practicable, to consult 
with the Issuer in determining: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate,  
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than twelve Business Days prior to the Reset 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, as applicable, relating to the next Reset 
Period or Interest Period, as applicable, (the Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the 
purposes of determining all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.4).  
(ii) 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4 shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders, as applicable, for any determination made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.4. 
(iii) 
If a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 5.4: 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the relevant Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5.4); 
(B) 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5.4);  
(C) 
the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser  and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to the Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (i) the Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Reset Reference Rate, Reset 
Reference Banks, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reset 
Determination Date and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes 
and (ii) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable),  
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5.4); and

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(D) 
promptly (and in any event no later than ten Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and the 
determination of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof (including, in the case of the appointment of an Independent Adviser, the 
name and contact details of such Independent Adviser) and of any changes (and the 
effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 5.4(b)(iii)(C) to the Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(iv) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) a Successor Reference 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5.4 prior to the relevant 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall 
be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5.2(b)(ii) or 5.3(b), as 
applicable. 
(c) 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the 
relevant Adjustment Spread as described in this Condition 5.4 or such other relevant changes 
pursuant to Condition 5.4(b)(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents or the 
taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if required). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.4, the Agent is not obliged to concur 
with the Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of any changes or amendments as 
contemplated under this Condition 5.4 which would have the effect of (i) exposing the Agent 
to any liability or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protections, of the Agent in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
(e) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.4, if in the Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5.4, the Agent shall promptly notify the 
Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent in writing 
as to which alternative course of action to adopt.  If the Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof 
and the Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(f) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.4: 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to 
this Condition 5.4, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made 
pursuant to this Condition 5.4, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator 
treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
5.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 below) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
6.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal 
and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
6.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(d) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7.7); 
and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (if applicable, pursuant 
to Condition 7.12 or Condition 7.13) substituted, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7.11, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on an 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Agent and in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measure available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.3 is not applicable for Subordinated Notes prior to five years from their Issue Date 
and references to “Notes” is this Condition 7.3 shall be construed accordingly. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject, if applicable, to the 
provisions of Condition 7.11, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to the higher of (i) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer by the 
Financial Adviser, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal 
to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the 
Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Financial Adviser.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
If Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Financial Adviser equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to 
the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at the Reference Bond 
Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 7.3, by the 
Financial Adviser, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 16 below not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 below at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
7.4 
Redemption upon Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7.4 applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7.4 is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this 
Condition 7.4 shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7.11, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
if a Capital Event has occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that a Capital Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.7 together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.   
7.5 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, where applicable  
This Condition 7.5 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each 
case, only where this Condition 7.5 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition 7.5 shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7.11, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.5, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.5 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.7 together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.   
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.6 is only applicable to Senior Preferred Notes which are not Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 7.6 shall be construed accordingly. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 below not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory 
to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note 
the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this 
Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred 
and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due 
and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2, Condition 7.4, Condition 7.5 and Condition 10: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including)

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365).  
7.8 
Purchases 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Conditions 7.11, the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer 
may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
7.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.8 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
7.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Conditions 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 or Condition 11, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 7.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption 
or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
7.11 
Consent 
This Condition 7.11 applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes where Regulatory Consent is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (“Restricted Senior Preferred Notes”), (ii) Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated Notes.  
In the case of (i) Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) 
Subordinated Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 7.8, 
substitution or variation under Condition 7.12 (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or substitution or 
variation under Condition 7.13 (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes) shall take place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (in 
each case, if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations). In 
addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7.2 or 7.4 only, and 
except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may only redeem the 
Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes under Condition 7.1 or repayment 
pursuant to Condition 10 or Condition 11, as the case may be, shall not require the consent of the 
Relevant Regulator.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
7.12 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7.12 applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7.12 is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this 
Condition 7.12 shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 7.11 (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 21, from English law to Norwegian law) so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below), 
provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Any such substitution of the Notes for, or variation of the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities as aforesaid, is subject to the Issuer delivering 
to the Agent in advance of any such substitution or variation, a certificate in the form described in the 
definition of Qualifying Subordinated Securities in accordance with the provisions thereof which the 
Agent shall make available at its specified office to the Noteholders. 
7.13 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, where 
applicable 
This Condition 7.13 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each 
case, only where this Condition 7.13 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition 7.13 shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
7.11 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the 
terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 21, from English law to 
Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as 
defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions 
of the Notes. 
Prior to any such substitution or variation of the Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate 
in the form described in the definition of Qualifying MREL Securities in accordance with the 
provisions thereof. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Gross-up 
Subject as provided in Condition 8.2 below, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Norway; 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
their having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.5). 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer); and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
8.2 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Restricted Gross-Up Senior Preferred 
Notes 
This Condition 8.2 shall only apply to (i) Senior Preferred Notes where Restricted Gross-Up Senior 
Preferred Notes is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (iii) Subordinated Notes.  
Notwithstanding the remainder of Condition 8.1, the obligation to pay additional amounts under 
Condition 8.1 will be limited to payments of interest.  
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT RELATING TO SENIOR PREFERRED 
NOTES WHERE APPLICABLE 
This Condition 10 shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition 10  shall be construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and in the case of interest that default continues for a 
period of seven days or more; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 
days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
any payment obligation under any indebtedness (including deposits) of the Issuer becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (howsoever described) or the 
Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of any indebtedness (including deposits) within 30 
days of the due date for payment (or within the applicable grace period, if such period is 
longer than 30 days) or any security given by the Issuer for any indebtedness (including 
deposits) becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer in making any payment due 
under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any obligation of any other 
person for 30 days (or within the applicable grace period, if such period is longer than 30 
days), PROVIDED that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
indebtedness (including deposits) or other relative liability either alone or when aggregated 
with other indebtedness (including deposits) and/or liabilities relating to all (if any) other 
events which shall have occurred and be outstanding shall amount to at least €10,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) and PROVIDED further that, for the purposes of this 
Condition 10(c), the Issuer shall be deemed to be in default with respect to any such

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
indebtedness (including deposits), guarantee or indemnity if it shall be contesting in good faith 
by appropriate means its liability to make payment thereunder; or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its 
business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders, or the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable 
to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed 
unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official 
is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or an encumbrancer takes possession 
of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put 
in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and 
(B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 14 
days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7.7), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date 
of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT RELATING TO SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES, WHERE 
APPLICABLE, AND SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
This Condition 11 shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes unless Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition 11 shall be construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed by any competent authority 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors),  
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7.7), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date 
of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
12. 
NO EVENTS OF DEFAULT; ENFORCEMENT RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES 
This Condition 12 shall apply only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” 
in this Condition 12 shall be construed accordingly. 
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.4. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency or of a Paying Agent failing to 
become or ceasing to be a participating foreign financial institution for the purposes of the Code, when 
it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
15. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9. 
16. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or 
altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, made to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. In addition, the Agent shall be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders (i) in effecting 
any amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5.4 or (ii) to any 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7.12 or Condition 7.13, where applicable. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2, 3 and 4 above) and 
the Coupons (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons) are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2, 3 and 4 above (and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with such conditions) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (a Dispute) and all Disputes 
will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(c) 
This Condition 20.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only. To 
the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 
Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2Y 7EX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process 
in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act or 
ceasing to be registered in England, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law. 
21. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF NORWEGIAN STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION 
POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 21, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of any Note, 
each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in (without limitation) any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
22. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate); 
(b) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the relevant Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(c) 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Alternative Reference Rate; or 
(d) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case 
may be); or 
(e) 
the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective of reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders; 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines has replaced the 
relevant Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes for which the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the relevant Reset Period; or 
(b) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is most 
comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance and/or the Relevant Regulator from time to 
time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law 
and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries); 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i); or  
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (d)(i); or 
(e) 
the later of (i) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a 
specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(e)(i);  
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders using 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used;  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian 
law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive);  
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined 
below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; 
Calculation Agent means the Agent or any other person specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant Regulator, 
that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the 
official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group; 
CRD IV means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR 
and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) 
to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, as the case may be, any 
provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
CRR means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
Condition 5: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year;  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Fallback Specified Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Financial Adviser means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Margin means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, subject to 
Condition 5.3(b) and Condition 5.3(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Reset 
Margin; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, in respect of a security, the gross redemption yield for such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Financial Adviser on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date (published 08/06/1998 and updated on 
15/01/2002 and 16/03/2005 (as amended and supplemented from time to time)) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal 
places) or on such other basis as the Issuer may approve;  
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
H.15(519) means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, section, successor site or publication as 
may replace it;  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5.4;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date); 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means, subject as provided in Condition 5.4, for any Reset Period the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
Original Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), 
LIBOR (if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, Pounds Sterling or Swiss Francs), NIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner), STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Swedish Krona), or 
(in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such 
Specified Currency and selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the 
Issuer; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
excluded or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer and/or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such 
MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any 
applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted 
or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
NFSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet); 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, inter 
alia, Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities); 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, 
relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the BRRD as amended or replaced from time to 
time, and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period);

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
relevant Notes; or  
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 5.4; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms, 
which shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
Payment Day means (subject to Condition 9): 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; 
Qualifying MREL Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 21 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two authorised 
Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days 
prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) 
in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, 
they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in 
relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (6) where Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a published rating from the Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 21 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two authorised 
Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) 
in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, 
they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements of 
the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (6) where Notes which have 
been substituted or varied had a published rating from the Rating Agency immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, the Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying Subordinated Securities; 
and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and shall include, inter alia, 
the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and the Subsequent Rate of Interest, as 
applicable; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service Limited or its successor; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bank means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank 
market and, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major 
banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Reference Banks Agent or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker 
appointed by the Issuer; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or shall be the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations; 
Reference Bond Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Determination 
Date:  
(a) 
if Reset Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered 
yields for the relevant Reset Reference Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by such Reset 
Reference Bank at approximately the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, as being a yield-to-maturity based on the secondary 
market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for the relevant Reset United States Treasury 
Security at approximately the Fallback Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;  
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Agent, of the 
bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and any other amounts which may 
otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not 
been paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;  
Relevant Regulator means the NFSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as 
determined by the Issuer; 
Relevant Reset Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or 
the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer;  
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of (i) displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate or, (ii) displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the relevant 
Reset Reference Rate, as the case may be; 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7.3; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in 
relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined on the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation 
Agent at:  
(a) 
if Reset Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Specified Time; or  
(b) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Fallback Specified Time,  
in each case, on such Reset Determination Date. If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
Reference Bond Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two 
Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond 
Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (a) in the 
case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of 
the immediately preceding Reset Period or (b) in the case of the First Reset Period, the First Reset 
Period Fallback Yield; 
Reset Reference Banks means:  
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major banks 
in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate;  
(b) 
if Reset Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five 
major banks which are primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues denominated in the Specified Currency; or 
(c) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
principal office in New York City of five major banks which are primary United States 
Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in 
U.S. dollars,  
in each case, as selected by the Reference Banks Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reset Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period;  
Reset Reference Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 5.3(b) and Condition 5.5 if applicable: 
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate 
for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid 
and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent and (if the Calculation Agent is not the Agent) 
notified to the Agent; or 
(b) 
if Reset Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered yields of the relevant Reset Reference Bond, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time on 
such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date or 
(ii) a Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Specified Currency is U.S. 
dollars, the rate which is equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated 
maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as 
published in the H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on such Reset Determination Date, on the 
Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by the Specified Time 
on the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the 
United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity 
which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as 
published in H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on 
such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (ii) above is not published by the Fallback 
Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date, 
in each case, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and (if the Calculation Agent is not 
the Agent) notified to the Agent;  
Reset United States Treasury Security means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the United 
States Treasury Security:  
(a) 
with a designated maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period and a remaining term to maturity of no less than one year less than a maturity (the 
Relevant Remaining Term to Maturity) which is equal or comparable to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period; and  
(b) 
which is in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in such United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market. If two or more United 
States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity of no less than the Relevant 
Remaining Term to Maturity, the United States Security with the longer remaining term to 
maturity will be used for the purposes of the relevant determination and if two or more United 
States Treasury Securities have remaining terms equally close to the duration of the Relevant 
Remaining Term to Maturity, the United States Treasury Security with the largest nominal 
amount outstanding will be used for the purposes of the relevant determination;  
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any);

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Specified Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including, inter alia, (A) holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (both before and after the giving of the Ranking Notice) and (B) creditors in respect of 
any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); 
Specified Time has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims means, from 1 July 2021, unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(a) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(b) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and 
(c) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph; 
Subordinated Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations of 
the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes; 
Subordinated Parity Securities means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant Regulator, any 
guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect of 
securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which are eligible to 
be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities 
or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities; 
Subsequent Reset Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity 
Date, as the case may be; 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 5.3(b) and Condition 5.3(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin; 
Subsidiary has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1-3 of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability 
Companies Act 1997; 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent; 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital as defined in the CRR as incorporated in Norway through Section 
2 of the Norwegian regulation of 22 August 2014 no. 1097 on CRR/CRD IV (Nw. Forskrift 22. august 
2014 nr. 1097 om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV); and 
United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes 
will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by Euronext 
VPS. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by Sparebanken Sør (the Issuer) 
under the Programme.  
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, (Verdipapirsentralen) (VPS Notes and Euronext 
VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of the trust agreement (such trust agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 30 June 2017 made 
between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee ASA (currently Nordic Trustee AS) (the VPS Trustee, which expression 
shall include any successor as VPS Trustee). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with 
Euronext VPS. Sparebanken Sør (in such capacity, the VPS Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor as VPS Agent) will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect of VPS 
Notes. 
The Final Terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms which complete these Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions). References 
to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which 
complete these VPS Conditions. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the VPS Notes from time to time (the VPS Noteholders 
and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these VPS 
Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
A copy of the VPS Trustee Agreement is available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the VPS Trustee at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway. 
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these VPS 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination. VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification 
code in Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice versa. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
A VPS Note may be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, 
depending upon the Status of the VPS Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of 
Euronext VPS. The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one issued 
on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS 
Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that are 
in force from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person (other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS 
Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from 
time to time. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED VPS NOTES 
2.1 
This Condition 2 applies only to Senior Preferred VPS Notes and references to “VPS Notes” 
and “Coupons” in this Condition 2 shall be construed accordingly.  
The VPS Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain debts required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(including deposits) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time outstanding. So long 
as any of the VPS Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the 
obligations of the Issuer under the VPS Notes rank and will rank pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (including deposits) of the Issuer and with all its 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of third parties, in 
each case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law.  
2.2 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
This Condition 2.2 applies only where No Right of Set-Off or Counterclaim is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
No VPS Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise 
any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the VPS 
Notes held by such VPS Noteholder. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED VPS NOTES 
This Condition 3 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes and references to “VPS Notes” and 
“VPS Noteholders” in this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly. 
3.1 
The VPS Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and 
will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
3.2 
Subject as set out in Condition 3.3 below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent 
liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved by a VPS Noteholders 
Meeting (as defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement) of the VPS Noteholders and do not 
provide that the VPS Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the VPS 
Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the VPS Notes (including any 
amounts attributable to the VPS Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank:  
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(b) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(c) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(d) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
3.3 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway on 1 July 2021, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the Ranking Notice) to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the 
VPS Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) 
shall rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower 
priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the 
avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking in 
Norway in order to implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking 
as set out in Condition 3.2 above, such statutory ranking shall prevail).  
3.4 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No VPS Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise 
any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the VPS 
Notes held by such VPS Noteholder. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED VPS NOTES 
This Condition 4 applies only to Subordinated VPS Notes and references to “VPS Notes” and “VPS 
Noteholders” in this Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly. 
4.1 
The VPS Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (ansvarlig 
lånekapital) of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. The VPS Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 4.2.  
4.2 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up 
solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the 
terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved 
by a VPS Noteholders Meeting of the VPS Noteholders and do not provide that the VPS 
Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable), claims of the VPS Noteholders against the 
Issuer in respect of or arising under the VPS Notes (including any amounts attributable to the 
VPS Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank:  
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(b) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities;  
(c) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(d) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors. 
4.3 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No VPS Noteholder who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise 
any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the VPS 
Notes held by such VPS Noteholder. 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 5(a) applies only to Fixed Rate Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 5(a) 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
Each Note will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable 
in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the 
Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
This Condition 5(b) applies only to Floating Rate Notes and references to “Notes” in this Condition 
5(b) shall be construed accordingly. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. If a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day 
in the calendar month on which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(i)(B) above the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) 
and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option and Designated Maturity have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or the Stockholm 
interbank offered rate (STIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
5(b)(ii)(B)(1), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
5(b)(ii)(B)(2)), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Reference Banks Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Reference Banks Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Reference Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Reference 
Banks Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Reference Banks Agent with offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs the Reference Banks Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (iii) is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (iii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS 
Agent, the VPS Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time 
being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be 
made to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to Euronext VPS rules and regulations 
for the time being in effect. 
(vii) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such 
rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the 
Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances 
and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5, by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
manifest error or proven error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if 
applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:  
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B), the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate,   
then the following provisions shall apply to the VPS Notes: 
(A) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (on the 
terms described in Condition 5(c)(ii)(B) below), as soon as reasonably practicable, to consult 
with the Issuer in determining: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate,

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than twelve Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the Issuer Determination Cut-off 
Date), for the purposes of determining all future payments of interest on the VPS Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(c)). 
(B) 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and all VPS Noteholders, as applicable, for any determination made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(c). 
(C) 
If a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the relevant Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the VPS Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 5(c)); 
(2) 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future payments of interest on the 
VPS Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 5(c));  
(3) 
the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to the Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (i) the Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Additional Financial 
Centre(s) and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the VPS Notes and (ii) 
the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to 
the VPS Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the VPS Notes for all future payments of interest on the 
VPS Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 5(c)); and 
(4) 
promptly (and in any event no later than ten Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and the 
determination of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof (including, in the case of the appointment of an Independent Adviser, the 
name and contact details of such Independent Adviser) and of any changes (and the 
effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iv)(C)(3) to the Calculation Agent, 
the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(D) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) a Successor Reference 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(c) prior to the relevant 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall 
be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B).

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
No consent of the VPS Noteholders or the VPS Trustee shall be required in connection with effecting 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, 
the relevant Adjustment Spread as described in this Condition 5(c) or such other relevant changes 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(3), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of 
other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the VPS Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee 
Agreement (if required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), the Agent is not obliged to concur with the 
Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this 
Condition 5(c) which would have the effect of (i) exposing the Agent to any liability or (ii) increasing 
the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Agent in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c), if in the Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5(c), the Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or the Independent 
Advisor thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt.  If the Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and/or the Independent 
Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c): 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, 
and no other amendments to the terms of the VPS Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the VPS Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred VPS Notes and Senior Non-Preferred VPS 
Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated VPS Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred VPS Notes and Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes 
only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the VPS Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such 
VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS 
Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the VPS Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.  
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be effected 
through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing 
Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account 
operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(iv) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7(g)); 
and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (if applicable, pursuant 
to Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m)) substituted, each VPS Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its 
Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject, if applicable to the provisions of Condition 7(g), the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) 
or on an Interest Payment Date (if this VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the VPS Agent and in accordance with Condition 14, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment date due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of VPS Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measure available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the VPS Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7(g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7(c) is not applicable for Subordinated VPS Notes prior to five years from their Issue 
Date and references to “VPS Notes” is this Condition 7(c) shall be construed accordingly. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject, if applicable, to the 
provisions of Condition 7(l), the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum notice period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
If Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to the higher of (i) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the VPS Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the principal 
amount outstanding of the VPS Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer 
by the Financial Adviser, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such VPS Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date of the Reference 
Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Financial Adviser. 
If Non-Sterling Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
VPS Agent equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the VPS 
Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the 
VPS Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such VPS Note (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at the 
Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error be binding on all parties and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent or in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed VPS 
Notes) will be selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to 
such VPS Notes, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date).  
(d) 
Redemption upon Capital Event – Subordinated VPS Notes 
This Condition 7(d) applies only to Subordinated VPS Notes and where this Condition 7(d) is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to “VPS Notes” and “VPS 
Noteholders” in this Condition 7(d) shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(k), the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of all VPS Notes other than 
Floating Rate VPS Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate VPS Notes) on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the VPS Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) if a Capital Event has occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(d), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that a Capital Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(d) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7(g) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.   
(e) 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred VPS Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred VPS Notes, where applicable  
This Condition 7(e) applies only to Senior Preferred VPS Notes and Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes, 
in each case, only where this Condition 7(e) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and references to “VPS Notes” and “VPS Noteholders” in this Condition 7(e) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(k), the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of all VPS Notes other than 
Floating Rate VPS Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate VPS Notes) on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the VPS Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(e), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(e) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7(g) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.   
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7(f) is only applicable to Senior Preferred VPS Notes which are not Restricted Senior 
Preferred VPS Notes and references to “VPS Notes” in this Condition 7(f) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
VPS Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum notice 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes must, within 
the notice period, give notice (the Put Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 10. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7(b), 7(d), 7(e) and Condition 10: 
(i) 
each VPS Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (iii) actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of VPS Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(h) 
Purchases 
Subject, if applicable to the provisions of Condition 7(k), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may 
at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such VPS Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to be deleted 
from the records of Euronext VPS.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph 7(a), 7(b), 7(c) or 7(f) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount as provided in Condition 7(g)(ii) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(k) 
Consent 
This Condition 7(k) applies to (i) Senior Preferred VPS Notes where Regulatory Consent is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (“Restricted Senior Preferred VPS Notes”), (ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes and (iii) Subordinated VPS Notes.  
In the case of (i) Restricted Senior Preferred VPS Notes, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes and (iii) 
Subordinated VPS Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 7(h), 
substitution or variation under Condition 7(l) (in the case of Subordinated VPS Notes) or substitution 
or variation under Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes and Restricted 
Senior Preferred VPS Notes) shall take place without the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (in each case, if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and, in the case 
of Restricted Senior Preferred VPS Notes and Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes, by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations). In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated VPS Notes pursuant to 
Condition 7(b) or 7(d) only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the 
Issuer may only redeem the Subordinated VPS Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to 
exercise such right of redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, redemption of Senior Preferred VPS Notes, Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes or 
Subordinated VPS Notes under Condition 7(a) or repayment pursuant to Condition 10 or Condition 11, 
as the case may be, shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
(l) 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated VPS Notes 
This Condition 7(l) applies only to Subordinated VPS Notes and where this Condition 7(l) is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “VPS Notes” and “VPS 
Noteholders” in this Condition 7(l) shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition20, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(k) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders) on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the VPS Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the VPS Notes for, or vary the 
terms of the VPS Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 20, from English law to 
Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as 
defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions 
of the Notes. 
Any such substitution of the VPS Notes for, or variation of the terms of the VPS Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities as aforesaid, is subject to the 
Issuer delivering to the Agent in advance of any such substitution or variation, a certificate in the form

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
described in the definition of Qualifying Subordinated Securities in accordance with the provisions 
thereof which the Agent shall make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred VPS Notes and Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes, 
where applicable 
This Condition 7(m) applies only to Senior Preferred VPS Notes and Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes, 
in each case, only where this Condition 7(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and references to “VPS Notes” and “VPS Noteholders” in this Condition 7(m) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(k) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders) on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the VPS 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the VPS 
Notes for, or vary the terms of the VPS Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 19, 
from English law to Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL 
Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to 
any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the VPS Notes. 
Prior to any such substitution or variation of the VPS Notes, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate in the form described in the definition of Qualifying MREL Securities in accordance with 
the provisions thereof. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1  
Gross-up 
Subject as provided in Condition 8.2 below, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any VPS Note: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Norway; 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes in respect of such VPS Note by reason of their 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS 
Note; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(c)). 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer); and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8.2  
Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes, Subordinated VPS Notes and Restricted Gross-Up Senior 
Preferred VPS Notes 
This Condition 8.2 shall only apply to (i) Senior Preferred VPS Notes where Restricted Gross-Up 
Senior Preferred VPS Notes is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) Senior 
Non-Preferred VPS Notes and (iii) Subordinated VPS Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Notwithstanding the remainder of Condition 8.1, the obligation to pay additional amounts under 
Condition 8.1 will be limited to payments of interest. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 21) 
therefor. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT RELATING TO SENIOR PREFERRED VPS 
NOTES WHERE APPLICABLE 
This Condition 10 shall apply only to Senior Preferred VPS Notes where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to “VPS Notes” 
and “VPS Noteholders” in this Condition 10 shall be construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any VPS Note: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the VPS Notes or any of them and in the case of interest that default continues for a 
period of seven days or more; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 
days next following the service by the VPS Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same 
to be remedied; or 
(c) 
any payment obligation under any indebtedness (including deposits) of the Issuer becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (howsoever described) or the 
Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of any indebtedness (including deposits) within 30 
days of the due date for payment (or within the applicable grace period, if such period is 
longer than 30 days) or any security given by the Issuer for any indebtedness (including 
deposits) becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer in making any payment due 
under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any obligation of any other 
person for 30 days (or within the applicable grace period, if such period is longer than 30 
days), PROVIDED that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
indebtedness (including deposits) or other relative liability either alone or when aggregated 
with other indebtedness (including deposits) and/or liabilities relating to all (if any) other 
events which shall have occurred and be outstanding shall amount to at least €10,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) and PROVIDED further that, for the purposes of this 
Condition 10(c), the Issuer shall not be deemed to be in default with respect to any such 
indebtedness (including deposits), guarantee or indemnity if it shall be contesting in good faith 
by appropriate means its liability to make payment thereunder; or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by a VPS 
Noteholders Meeting of the VPS Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its 
business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by a VPS Noteholders 
Meeting of the VPS Noteholders, or the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official 
is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within l4 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors), 
then the VPS Trustee may, by written notice to the Issuer declare any VPS Notes to be forthwith due 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(g)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT RELATING TO SENIOR PREFERRED VPS NOTES, WHERE 
APPLICABLE, AND SENIOR NON-PREFERRED VPS NOTES 
This Condition 11 shall apply only to Senior Preferred VPS Notes unless Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Senior Non-Preferred VPS 
Notes and references to “VPS Notes” and “VPS Noteholders” in this Condition 11 shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any VPS Note: 
(a) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed by any competent authority 
for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms approved by a VPS Noteholders Meeting of the VPS Noteholders; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors),  
then the VPS Trustee may, by written notice to the Issuer declare any VPS Notes to be forthwith due 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(g)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.  
12. 
NO EVENTS OF DEFAULT; ENFORCEMENT RELATING TO SUBORDINATED VPS 
NOTES 
This Condition 12 shall apply only to Subordinated VPS Notes and references to “VPS Notes” and 
“VPS Noteholders” in this Condition 12 shall be construed accordingly. 
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated VPS Notes. 
13. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of Euronext 
VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration. 
14. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after 
delivery to Euronext VPS. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
(a) 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully 
set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, Oslo Børs or by VPS Noteholders holding 
not less than 10 per cent. of the Voting VPS Notes. (For the purpose of this Condition, Voting VPS 
Notes means the aggregate nominal amount of the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or 
otherwise deregistered in Euronext VPS, less the VPS Notes owned by the Issuer, any party who has 
decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.) 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding not less than 50 per 
cent. in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing holders of Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS 
Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering 
the currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Voting VPS 
Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
third in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the 
VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such 
meeting. 
(b) 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(i) 
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast 
in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(B) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(E) 
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (i); 
(F) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the 
matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required);

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(G) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(H) 
a change of VPS Trustee; 
save as set out in Condition 15(b)(i) above, the VPS Trustee may agree to amendments to the VPS 
Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders 
provided that (i) such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS 
Noteholders in any material respect, or (ii) is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors 
and mistakes, or (iii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a 
decision by a relevant authority. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders 
of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be 
effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
16. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by 
the Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which 
interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding VPS Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS 
Notes) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Conditions 
2, 3, 4, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
such conditions) which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The 
VPS Trustee Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 64 on Central Securities 
Depositories (the “CSD Act”) (Nw. verdipapirsentralloven), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014 into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
on Central Securities Depositories, as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under these Acts and 
any related regulations and legislation. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 19(b)(iii) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes, including any dispute as to 
their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19(b), each of the Issuer and any holders of VPS Notes or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(iii) 
This Condition 19(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the holders of VPS Notes only. To the extent 
allowed by law, the holders of VPS Notes may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 
Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London, EC2Y 7EX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process 
in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
20. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF NORWEGIAN STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION 
POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the VPS Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any VPS Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the VPS Notes), by its acquisition of 
any VPS Note, each VPS Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
VPS Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in (without limitation) any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS 
Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the VPS Noteholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the VPS Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the VPS 
Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the VPS Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the VPS Notes, or the date(s) on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the VPS Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
21. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate); 
(b) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the relevant Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied);

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
(c) 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Alternative Reference Rate; or 
(d) 
the  Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case 
may be); or 
(e) 
the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective of reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the VPS Noteholders; 
Agency Agreement means an amended and restated agency agreement dated 8 July 2021 between the 
Issuer and the agents named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time; 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that (i) the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or (ii) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is most comparable to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate; 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least 5 Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i); or  
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (d)(i); or 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case  
on or before a specified date and (ii) the date following six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (e)(i); or 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
the VPS Noteholders using such Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used;   
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian 
law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive);  
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined 
below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of VPS Notes means an agreement in or 
substantially in the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement; 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the person appointed as 
calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation 
Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent 
appointed in respect of the VPS Notes; 
Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant Regulator, 
that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the 
official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the VPS Notes, the VPS Notes are excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 2 capital of 
the Issuer and/or the Group; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(iv): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 









--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(h) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(2) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Exchange means, for the purpose of these VPS Conditions, the securities exchange or other reputable 
marketplace for securities, on which the VPS Notes are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for 
listing of the VPS Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the VPS Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the VPS Notes and 
of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the VPS Notes; 
Financial Adviser means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer; 
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in 
arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, in respect of a security, the gross redemption yield for such security, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Financial Adviser on the basis set out by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields page 
5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date (published 08/06/1998 and updated on 
15/01/2002 and 16/03/2005 (as amended and supplemented from time to time)) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal 
places) or on such other basis as the Issuer may approve;  
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(b)(iv); 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date); 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may 
not be the Issue Date; 
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue of the VPS Note; 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London; 
MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes, the VPS Notes will 
be fully excluded or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor 
term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer and/or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such 
MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of the VPS Notes being less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) 
any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
NFSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet); 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, inter 
alia, Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities); 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the VPS Notes; 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, 
relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the BRRD as amended or replaced from time to 
time, and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
relevant VPS Notes; or  
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 5.4; 
Oslo Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to 
the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the Conditions after that date) 
have been duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in these 
Conditions (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the VPS Noteholders 
in accordance with the Conditions) and remain available for payment of the relevant Notes; 
(c) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions; and 
(d) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the Conditions; 
Payment Day means (subject to Condition 6(c)): 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of VPS Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; 
Qualifying MREL Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 20 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition20 have terms not materially 
less favourable to the VPS Noteholders as a class than the terms of the VPS Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two 
authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the VPS Notes, the issue of the 
relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the VPS Notes, such variation, as the 
case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same 
redemption rights as the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
(4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) preserve 
any existing rights under the VPS Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, 
and (6) where VPS Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating from 
the Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, such Rating Agency 
has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the 
relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the VPS Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 20to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20have terms not materially 
less favourable to the VPS Noteholders as a class than the terms of the VPS Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two 
authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the VPS Notes, the issue of the 
relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the VPS Notes, such variation, as the 
case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same 
redemption rights as the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
(4) comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 
capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under the VPS Notes to any accrued interest which has 
not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (6) where VPS Notes which have been substituted or varied had a 
published rating from the Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, 
the Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published rating to the relevant Qualifying Subordinated Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the VPS Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service Limited or its successor; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank 
market and, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major 
banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker 
appointed by the Issuer; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or shall be the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;  
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Agent, of the 
bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the VPS Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the VPS Notes and any other amounts which 
may otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the VPS Notes. References to such 
amounts will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;  
Relevant Regulator means the NFSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), in any case as 
determined by the Issuer; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer;  
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any VPS Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such VPS Note for the remaining term of such VPS Note determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such VPS 
Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(c); 
Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); 
Specified Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including, inter alia, (A) holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (both before and after the giving of the Ranking Notice) and (B) creditors in respect of 
any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, Brussels 
time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of 
STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR); 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims means, from 1 July 2021, unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(a) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(b) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(c) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph; 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent; 
Subordinated Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations of 
the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes;  
Subordinated Parity Securities means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant Regulator, any 
guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect of 
securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which are eligible to 
be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities 
or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities; 
Subsidiary has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1-3 of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability 
Companies Act 1997;  
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Corporate Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general 
corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Sustainability Senior Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to finance or 
re-finance, in whole or in part, Sustainability Loans pursuant to a framework relating to 
investments in Sustainability Loans or the issuance of Sustainability Senior Bonds which at 
such time has been published by the Issuer and made available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.sor.no/globalassets/organisasjon/green--sustainability-bond-framework.pdf) and 
which is in effect at the time of issuance of the Sustainability Senior Bonds (the Issuer’s 
Green & Sustainability Bond Framework). 
Sustainability Loans are loans and investments within the Sustainability Loan categories to be set out in the 
Issuer’s Green & Sustainability Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the address above). Such 
Sustainability Loan categories are outlined in the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework (available on the 
Issuer’s website at the address above) and currently include loans which relate low carbon commercial 
properties (Commercial Green Buildings) and loans for essential social services (Access to Essential 
Services). 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to 
determine their environmental robustness) has evaluated the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework and 
issued a second party opinion on the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework verifying its credibility, impact 
and alignment with the International Capital Markets Association Green Bond Principles 2018 and the Social 
Bond 
Principles 
2018. 
The 
second-party 
opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/organisasjon/sustainalytics-second-party-opinion.pdf.  
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the sustainability bond and green bond markets to continually 
advance the sustainable terms of the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework. Accordingly, the Green & 
Sustainability Bond Framework may be updated from time to time to reflect current market practices or to 
include other assets that promote climate-friendly and/or other environmental or social purposes. The amended 
Green & Sustainability Bond Framework would be subject to the relevant internal and external review processes 
and a new second-party opinion on the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework would be obtained in 
connection with any such amendment. Noteholders would not be entitled to vote on such cases. Any 
amendments to the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework and any new second-party opinion on the Green & 
Sustainability Bond Framework will be published and will be available on the Issuer's website at the address 
above.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør Group 
INTRODUCTION  
The Sparebanken Sør Group (the Group) consists of the Issuer, Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS and 
Sørmegleren Holding AS (which owns the real estate broker Sørmegleren AS). 
SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Overview 
Sparebanken Sør is an independent savings bank with its head office in Kristiansand in the Kingdom of Norway. 
Sparebanken Sør is registered in Norway under company registration number 937 894 538 (LEI: 
549300U497VKMF6R3Q14) and has its registered office at Rådhusgaten 7-9, N- 4611 Kristiansand, Norway, 
phone number +47 977 09 200. 
The Bank is operating under the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 2015 (the Act) and the regulation of 
9 December 2016 (the Regulations), and is under the supervision of the NFSA.  
As at 31 March 2021, the Group’s total assets were NOK 139,047 million, of which NOK 112,801 million were 
net loans to customers.  
There are no controlling shareholder(s) of Sparebanken Sør. As at 31 March 2021, the Bank has a total equity of 
NOK 14,022 million, and a core equity capital (CET1) of NOK 12,447 million. NOK 1,694 million is equity 
certificate capital listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 51 per cent. of the equity certificate capital is owned by 
Sparebankstiftelsen Sparebanken Sør, which is a foundation established for the purpose of being a long-term 
owner of the Bank and to support good causes and projects in the local community. 
Sparebanken Sør’s equity certificates are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market under the ticker 
code «SOR».  
Sparebanken Sør’s long term deposit rating from Moody’s is affirmed as A1. 
Principal activities 
Sparebanken Sør is a supplier of all core services within financing, including savings and domestic and 
international payments. The Bank offers general insurance, occupational pensions and group life insurance in 
Frende Forsikring, and leasing in Brage Finans.  
History 
The story of Sparebanken Sør goes back to 1824 when Christianssands Sparebank was established as one of the 
first savings banks in Norway. Sparebanken Agder was formed in 1984 as a result of a merger between 
Christianssands Sparebank and several other local banks. Two other savings banks became part of Sparebanken 
Agder in 1985 and 1986. The name of the Bank was later changed to Sparebanken Pluss in 1988. 
Sparebanken Pluss merged with the former Sparebanken Sør with effect from 1 January 2014. Sparebanken 
Pluss was the surviving entity in the merger, but was renamed Sparebanken Sør, being the same name as the 
non-surviving entity. 
SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sparebanken Sør, and the company is 
licensed to operate as a mortgage credit institution with the right to issue covered bonds in accordance with the 
Act and Regulations (as amended, varied or supplemented from time to time). The main objective of the 
company is to ensure stable and long-term funding on competitive terms. 
Sørmegleren 
Sørmegleren is the Bank’s real estate agency. During the seven years Sørmegleren has been in the market, it has 
become the leading real estate agency in Southern Norway, with a market share of around 30 per cent. 
Sørmegleren holds a dominant position in the new-build market in Agder, and particularly in Kristiansand.  
Sørmegleren has a total of 18 branches. Sørmegleren has 92 employees.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
PRODUCT COMPANIES PARTLY OWNED BY SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Frende Holding AS 
Frende Holding AS is the parent company of Frende Skadeforsikring AS and Frende Livsforsikring AS, which 
offer general and life insurance to retail and corporate customers. Frende Holding is owned by 14 independent 
savings banks. As at 31 December 2020, Sparebanken Sør has a 21.0 per cent. ownership interest in Frende 
Holding AS.  
Brage Finans AS 
Brage Finans is a financing company which offers leasing and secured loans to the corporate and retail markets. 
Brage Finans is owned by 13 independent savings banks. As at 31 December 2020, Sparebanken Sør has a 20.8 
per cent. ownership interest. 
Norne Securities AS 
Norne Securities is an investment firm that provides online trading, traditional brokerage and corporate finance 
services. The company is owned by 14 independent Norwegian savings banks along with one private investment 
company and some key employee shareholders. As at 31 December 2020, Sparebanken Sør has an ownership of 
17.1 per cent. 
Balder Betaling AS 
Balder Betaling is owned by Sparebanken Sør together with 14 other banks. The company is a shareholder in 
Vipps AS, and is responsible for further development of the mobile payment application Vipps, together with 
the other stakeholders. As at 31 December 2020, Sparebanken Sør has an ownership of 22.2 per cent. 
MARKET POSITION 
The Group’s branch offices are located in the counties of Agder, Vestfold and Telemark and Rogaland. The 
Group also has customers in other geographical areas, who are served by the established offices. Sparebanken 
Sør’s core market consists of a total population of approximately 690,000 inhabitants. 35 branches in this region 
service the customers via state-of-the-art internet and mobile banking services. The Bank’s market share in 
Agder is around 30 per cent. and in Vestfold and Telemark approximately 4 per cent.  
Of total loans and credits, loans to retail customers account for 66 per cent., whereas the share of lending to 
small and medium-sized companies is 34 per cent. 
According to its internal reports, the Bank has a strong market position in the retail banking market in the 
regions in which it has operations. Digital platforms have, to an increasing extent, characterised the Bank’s 
communication and sales channels. Use of self-service solutions on mobile phones and the internet has grown 
rapidly, and the Bank’s customer service department has seen an influx of enquiries via electronic channels in 
addition to enquiries via the traditional switchboard service. Applications of digital platforms, customer service 
and the Bank’s wide distribution network, have together formed a complete consultancy and service option for 
its customers. 
Through the merger between Sparebanken Pluss and Sparebanken Sør, the Bank has reinforced its position as a 
regional bank for Agder, Vestfold and Telemark. This is due to a doubling of the Bank’s financial capacity and a 
strengthening of its expertise in the corporate market.  
Sparebanken Sør has continued cooperation with Norway Christian Purchasing Society (KNIF) and will 
continue to focus on this customer segment in the whole of Norway. These customers include hospitals and 
enterprises within the health sector, schools, kindergartens, church organisations and missionary organisations, 
and children and youth organisations. 
STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES OF THE GROUP 
The Group’s strategy is to maintain the Bank’s leading position in the Agder region and to further develop the 
activities in Vestfold and Telemark, Rogaland and its cooperation with KNIF. The overall goal is to strengthen 
the Bank’s strategic position by focusing on long-lasting business relationships, expertise and financial strength.  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SPAREBANKEN SØR   
The Issuer’s board of directors consists of the following members, whose principal activities in and outside the 
Bank are as follows:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Name 
Position in Board 
Other Principal Activities 
Stein Andreas Hannevik 
Chairman 
Member of the Board since 2014. Also, Chairman of the 
board and board member of a number of companies. 
Former CEO of Bergshav Shipholding AS, Sparebanken 
Pluss and Sparebanken Sør.  
Inger Johansen 
Deputy Chairman 
Member of the Board since 2014. Also, board member of 
Stiftelsen Sparebanken Sør Instrumentfond. Currently 
working as a lawyer and partner in the law firm 
Advokatfirmaet Wigemyr & Co DA. Former legal advisor 
for the customs authorities in South-Norway and legal 
advisor for the Complaint and Appeal Office in the 
Norwegian Employment Service. 
Mette Ramfjord Harv 
Member 
Member of the Board since 2018. Also, Chairman of the 
board and board member of a number of companies. 
Currently working as Executive Vice President of Nekkar 
AS. Former leader of the Norwegian operation of TTS 
Offshore, Multipurpose and General Cargo in TTS Group 
ASA. 
Merete Steinvåg Østby 
 
Member 
Member of the Board since 2020. Also, a board member of 
the inter-municipal company Grenland Havn Iks. Currently 
working as Project Manager in Yara Birkeland AS, Digital 
and Autonomous solutions. Former Section Manager for 
financial services in Evry ASA. 
Erik Edvard Tønnesen 
 
Member 
Member of the Board since 2020. Also, Chairman of the 
board and board member of a number of companies. 
Currently working as Managing Partner and owner of the 
companies Skagerak Maturo AS, Helmax AS, Frøysland 
Utvikling, among others. Former Managing Partner and 
owner of Skagerak Venture Capital AS. 
Knut Ruhaven Sæthre 
Member 
Member of the Board since 2020. Currently working as 
CFO in BW Energy. Former CFO of BW Offshore Ltd. 
Former Managing Director of BW Offshore Norway AS. 
Jan Erling Tobiassen 
Member 
Employee representative. Member of the Board since 2016. 
Gunnhild Tveiten Golid 
Member 
Employee representative. Member of the Board since 2017. 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors of Sparebanken Sør is the registered address of 
Sparebanken Sør.  
MANAGEMENT OF SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Geir Bergskaug 
CEO 
Lasse Kvinlaug 
Deputy CEO/Director Corporate Market 
Gunnar Thomassen 
Director Retail Market 
Rolf H. Søraker 
Director Group Support 
Marianne Lofthus  
Director Capital Market 
Bjørn A. Friestad 
Director Risk Management 
Gry Moen  
Director Business Support 
Steinar Breen 
Director Strategy and Compliance

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
AUDITORS 
The auditors of Sparebanken Sør are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS.  
CONFLICT OF INTEREST WITHIN ADMINISTRATION, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
There are no conflicts of interest between any commitments to Sparebanken Sør by any members of the Board 
of Directors or management and their private interests and other duties. 
JURISDICTION 
Sparebanken Sør is organized under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Book entry settlement in respect of VPS Notes 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euronext VPS currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Euronext VPS has 
been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Euronext VPS are advised 
to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euronext VPS. Neither the 
Issuer nor any other party to the VPS Trustee Agreement or the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the VPS Notes held through the facilities of Euronext VPS or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
VERDIPAPIRSENTRALEN (EURONEXT VPS) 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Dublin) is a Norwegian public limited liability company which is 
licensed to register financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 
no. 6 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act). The VPS Act requires that, among other things, all 
notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the VPS Securities), except notes and 
bonds (i) issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway and (A) denominated in Norwegian Kroner with 
subscription limited to non-Norwegian tax residents only or (B) denominated in a currency other than 
Norwegian Kroner, or (ii) issued by foreign issuers in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities registry and registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to 
financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any issuer of VPS Securities will be 
required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS Securities are registered in the name of the 
holder and each investor is required to have her/his own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s 
holding of VPS Securities at any time. Both the issuer and the investor will, for the purposes of registration in 
Euronext VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or Norwegian 
investment firm. 
It is possible for investors to register a holding of VPS Securities through a nominee.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Taxation 
NORWAY   
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the Notes. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax. Such holder of 
Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business 
carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are 
resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a Norwegian savings bank, the Issuer 
does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes issued by it. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of 
the Notes. Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Norway, 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholdings 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes – Further Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Subscription and Sale 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 8 July 2021, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and 
any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in the Programme 
Agreement. Any such agreement will inter alia make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Programme 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or renewal of existing Dealers and the appointment of additional 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes (other than VPS Notes) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. In the case of Notes 
other than VPS Notes, the applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  (MiFID 
II); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will also 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
NORWAY  
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as 
being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the Notes are 
denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. See also the selling 
restriction “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
FRANCE 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been 
and will be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the 
account of third parties and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), all as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Articles L.41 l-l, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
General Information 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the board of 
directors of the Issuer dated 17 December 2020 respectively. 
LISTING OF NOTES 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin 
and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. Application has also been made to the Oslo Børs 
ASA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated 
Market. Each of the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a 
regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from https://www.sor.no/english: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons, the Talons and the VPS Trustee Agreement; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Any English translation referred to in (a) above constitutes an accurate and direct translation of the Norwegian 
original.  
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to settle through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euronext VPS are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 31 
March 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
LITIGATION 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
AUDITORS 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (PwC). The responsible partners at PwC are 
members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening). PwC audited the 
Issuer’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Norway for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
SALES IN FRANCE 
This Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the Notes has not been submitted to the clearance procedures 
of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
LANGUAGE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
URLs 
References to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual references and are included for 
information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes issued under the Programme to the Official List 
or trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør 
 
 
Rådhusgaten 7-9 
 
 
4611 Kristiansand 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
AGENT 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
 
 
Winchester House 
 
 
1 Great Winchester Street 
 
 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS AGENT 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør 
 
 
Rådhusgaten 7-9 
 
 
4611 Kristiansand 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
 
 
Nordic Trustee AS 
 
 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 
 
 
0160 Oslo 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
 
One Bishops Square 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 8, 
PwC-bygget, Bjørvika 
0106 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK – 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark  
 Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock 
I.F.S.C. 
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2002687551.10