--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
1 October 2024 
SPAREBANKEN VEST 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________________ 
Under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) of Sparebanken Vest (the Issuer) the Issuer may 
from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis (Senior Preferred Notes), (ii) on a non-preferred 
basis (Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or (iii) on a subordinated basis with a fixed maturity (Dated Subordinated Notes), each as 
provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such 
Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under this Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the 
CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. By approving this Base 
Prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or 
financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes (issued under the Programme) to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II). Copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to 
Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by 
reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out 
in a final terms (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the 
CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).   
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with issues of Notes not to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and its validity 
shall therefore expire on 1 October 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
herein, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus, a drawdown prospectus or a new base prospectus, if appropriate, will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated Aa3 (stable outlook) by Moody's Investors Service Nordics (AB) (Moody's). The Programme is not rated. 
Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). 
As such Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody's is 
not established in the United Kingdom (UK) or registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). However, Moody's Investors Service 
Ltd., which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, has endorsed the global sale ratings assigned by its

--- Page 2 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
2 
 
 
non-UK affiliates, including Moody's. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating 
agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.   
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, the Bank of England Base 
Rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
(i) the administrators of EURIBOR and SIBOR are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and (ii) the administrators of TIBOR, HIBOR, the Bank of England Base Rate 
and SOFR are not included in such register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England Base Rate and SOFR does not fall within 
the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation and the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that JBA TIBOR Administration (as administrator of TIBOR) and The Hong Kong Association 
of Banks (as administrator of HIBOR) are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). In such cases, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether 
or not, at the time of issue of the relevant Note, the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
___________________________________________ 
Arranger 
 
HSBC 
 
Dealers 
Commerzbank 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
HSBC 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Natixis 
Nordea

--- Page 3 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below).  This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference 
and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus, any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the 
issue and offering of Notes.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any 
Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.  
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption

--- Page 4 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
4 
 
 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes outside the European Economic Area or distribution of this document in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, 
the European Economic Area, Norway, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Switzerland, Japan and 
Singapore, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that it would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where 
there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As 
a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area must be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Notes.  Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member 
State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of

--- Page 5 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
5 
 
 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified and 
amended from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes issued under the Programme are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating established in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
An investment in the Notes is not an equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an 
investment in Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer, an 
investment in Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of such a deposit. Unlike 
a bank deposit Notes are transferrable. However, Notes may have no established trading market when 
issued, and one may never develop. 
Notes are unsecured and (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. Investments in Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any 
national implementing measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer 
becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in the Notes in a worst case scenario 
could lose their entire investment. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to 
the suitability of any Green Bonds to fulfil any environmental criteria required by any prospective

--- Page 6 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
6 
 
 
investors. None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds") 
or the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto), including without limitation in 
connection with any Green Loans, or the allocation of the proceeds of any Green Bonds.  Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the suitability 
of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and none of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation as to the content of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework or any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including, without limitation, 
the Second Party Opinion (as defined in "Use of Proceeds")) which may or may not be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework and the Second Party Opinion are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to United States dollars and all 
references to "NOK" are to Norwegian Kroner.  In addition, references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to 
pounds sterling and to "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, the 
business, financial results and performance of the Issuer, Sparebanken Sør and the industry in which they

--- Page 7 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
7 
 
 
operate. Forward-looking statements relate to future circumstances and results and other statements that are 
not based on historical facts, sometimes identified by words such as “believes”, “expects”, “assumes”, 
“intends”, “plans”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “assumes” and similar expressions.  
Furthermore, forward-looking information in this Base Prospectus on financial results is taken from the Issuer 
and Sparebanken Sør’s general model for budgeting (unless otherwise specifically mentioned) and is based on 
various assumptions.  
Such information should be regarded as the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør’s financial targets and should not be 
regarded or interpreted as any guidance or forecasts. All forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus, 
including assumptions, opinions and views expressed by the Issuer and/or Sparebanken Sør, or quoted from 
third party sources, are opinions only. They are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause 
actual results and events to differ materially from those expected or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
None of the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør or any of their respective representatives makes any warranty that the 
assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are error-free, nor do they assume any responsibility 
for the future accuracy of the opinions expressed in this Base Prospectus or the actual occurrence of the 
anticipated developments. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 8 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 9 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 18 
Additional Information Relating to the Programme ......................................................................................... 40 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 41 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 43 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 45 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 60 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 106 
Sparebanken Vest ........................................................................................................................................... 107 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 120 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 122 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING 
THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL.  HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR.  
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF 
THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES.  ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-
ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) 
(OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 9 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. The following overview does not purport to be 
complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published.  Words and expressions defined in "Form 
of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Sparebanken Vest 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
213800M7T3CYVZ3ZRT12 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Dealers: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
Natixis 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme.  In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme.  These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" and include the fact that the 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors, certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the

--- Page 10 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
10 
 
 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if 
the issue proceeds are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination and 
redemption value of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described under "General 
Description of the Programme") outstanding at any 
time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. dollars, yen and, 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.  Unless otherwise permitted by then 
current laws, regulations and directives, Dated 
Subordinated Notes will have a minimum maturity 
of at least five years.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will on issue 
be represented by either a temporary global Note or 
a permanent global Note as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Temporary global Notes 
will be exchangeable either for (i) interests in a 
permanent global Note or (ii) for definitive Notes, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  Permanent 
global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive 
Notes upon either (i) subject to certain exceptions,

--- Page 11 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
11 
 
 
not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
permanent global Note) to the Fiscal Agent as 
described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described under "Form of the 
Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and on redemption, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes:  
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate 
of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference 
to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant Specified 
Currency, and for a period equal to the reset period, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined on the basis of the reference rate set out 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Depending on whether Term Rate or Overnight Rate 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, Condition 5(c)(ii)(A), Condition 
5(c)(ii)(B) or Condition Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) (as 
applicable) will apply such that, if a Benchmark 
Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as 
applicable) occurs such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined 
by reference to the original benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, then an Independent Adviser (in agreement 
with the Issuer) or (in certain circumstances) the 
Issuer may be permitted to substitute such 
benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to 
the terms of the relevant Notes and the application 
of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, 
negative or zero)). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
12 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Benchmark Replacement applies, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Agent (or the person specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
the 
Interest 
Amount(s))) 
determines that 
a 
Benchmark Event or (as the case may be) a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has or have 
occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to an Original Reference Rate, then 
either (a) the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of or, in 
certain circumstances, (b) the Issuer itself shall 
determine (i) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if 
the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree or (as 
the case may be) the Issuer determines that there is 
no Successor Rate, an alternative rate and, in either 
case, an alternative screen page or source and an 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) or (ii) in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes, if Overnight Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type 
of Rate, a Benchmark Replacement and any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in 
each case no later than  five Business Days prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the 
next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons, on a 
Capital Event (in the case of Dated Subordinated 
Notes), on a MREL Disqualification Event (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 13 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
13 
 
 
specify that Condition 7(k) applies), where Issuer 
Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer on its scheduled maturity date at an amount 
equal to, or higher than, 100 per cent. of its nominal 
value. 
 
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to redeem Dated Subordinated Notes (subject to the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator). 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 7(k) applies, if a MREL Disqualification 
Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem 
the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (subject, in the case of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to 
the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator). 
 
No early redemption of (i) Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
(iii) Dated Subordinated Notes may take place 
without the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (if and to the extent such permission is 
required). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes with 
a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant 
Specified 
Currency, 
see 
"Certain 
Restrictions – Notes with a maturity of less than one 
year" above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) unless 
there is an exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
14 
 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed by the Kingdom of Norway, subject 
as provided in Condition 8.  In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 
8, be required to pay additional amounts (in the case 
of (i) Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes where Condition 8(b) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
(ii) Dated Subordinated Notes, in respect of any 
payment of interest only (but not principal)) to cover 
the amounts so deducted. 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to fiscal and other laws, 
as provided in Condition 8. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 4 
applies, contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 10 
applies, contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 10. 
 
Notes in respect of which the Final Terms specify 
that Condition 10 does not apply will not contain any 
events of default. 
Set-off: 
Holders of (i) Senior Non-Preferred Notes (ii) Dated 
Subordinated Notes and (iii) Senior Preferred Notes 
in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Condition 2(b) applies, will not be 
entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under such 
Notes against obligations owed by them to the 
Issuer. 
Substitution or Variation (if Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 7(m) applies, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or 
in 
order 
to 
ensure 
the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i), (if 
applicable and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) the relevant  Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, 
or vary their terms so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities 
(as defined in Condition 7(m)), as further provided 
in Condition 7(m)).

--- Page 15 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
15 
 
 
Substitution or Variation (if Dated Subordinated 
Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 7(l) applies, if at any time a Capital Event 
occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, the 
Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(i), (to the extent so required), either substitute all 
(but not some only) the relevant Dated Subordinated 
Notes for, or vary their terms so that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities (as defined in Condition 7(l)), as further 
provided in Condition 7(l). 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes 
are “Senior Preferred Notes”, the Notes will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (where 
relevant), unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, 
present and future, from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes 
are “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, the Notes will 
constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and subject as set out in the paragraph 
below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, 
administration or other winding up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration (except, in any such 
case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-
up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the 
terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation have previously been approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders (as defined below) 
and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable), claims of the holders of 
Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of 
or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including 
any amounts attributable to the Notes and Coupons 
and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference 
among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities and 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if 
any;

--- Page 16 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
16 
 
 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities; 
and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future 
claims of Senior Creditors. 
Status of the Dated Subordinated Notes: 
The Dated Subordinated Notes will constitute 
unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
subordinated as described in Condition 3, and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, 
administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration, claims of the holders 
of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect 
of or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including 
any amounts attributable to the Notes and Coupons 
and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: (i) pari passu 
without any preference among themselves; (ii) at 
least pari passu with claims in respect of 
Subordinated Parity Securities; (iii) in priority to 
claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; 
and (iv) junior to any present or future claims of 
Specified Senior Creditors. 
The foregoing is subject to the application of 
mandatory provisions of Norwegian law such that 
those mandatory provisions shall apply and 
supersede the provisions of Condition 3.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, such mandatory provisions shall 
include the provisions of the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act Section 20-32 (as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time).   
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve 
this document as a base prospectus.  Application has 
also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not 
the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets.

--- Page 17 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
17 
 
 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, the rating 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law, except Conditions 2, 3, 19 and 20 
which will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, Belgium, Norway, the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan and Singapore and 
such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 18 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer 
has identified in this Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and 
ability to make payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFEECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks relating to the credit quality and/or solvency of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties 
Material deterioration in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers may lead to the Issuer being unable to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from borrowers 
and other counterparties are inherent in many areas of the Issuer’s business. As the Issuer currently conducts 
the majority of its business in Norway, its performance is influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business 
activity in Norway, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic factors (for example 
fluctuations in the price of oil and gas). 
In 2023, the global economy continued to experience high inflation and high interest rates. As a consequence, 
most central banks continued their monetary tightening policies by increasing their respective policy rates. The 
Central Bank of Norway (Norges Bank) increased its policy rate from 1.50 per cent. to 4.50 per cent. during 
2023.  
Inflation may have a negative impact on the activity in the Norwegian economy in general and on the financial 
situation of the Issuer’s customers. Elevated inflation levels have become an issue, both in Norway and 
globally, with a combination of deglobalisation causing supply chain disruptions, trade tensions and the 
prospect of trade wars, increased demand, rising commodity prices, labour market challenges and monetary 
policies contributing to the ongoing pressure. In addition, a price-wage spiral may occur whereby inflation 
causes workers to demand higher wages to maintain their purchasing power. In turn, higher wages increase 
the production costs for businesses, who often pass these costs onto consumers in the form of higher prices, 
perpetuating the cycle of inflation. The increase in inflation during recent years has triggered interest rate 
increases from the Central Bank of Norway (Norges Bank), and if inflation levels increase further or remain 
at elevated levels, additional interest rate increases may occur. If interest rates and inflation levels continue to 
rise, and/or borrowers suffer a decline in disposable income (whether in absolute or relative terms), borrowers 
may default on their payment obligations to the Issuer, which could result in increased disruptions in 
repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses suffered by the Issuer, which in turn may adversely 
affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
 
The April 2024 “World Economic Outlook” issued by the International Monetary Fund, indicates that global 
inflation is forecast to decline steadily during 2024 to return to target levels by 2025. As a consequence, several 
economies are approaching the point where interest rate cuts could be effected. However, interest rate cuts 
depend on the global economic outlook continuing to improve, with inflation decreasing and returning to target 
levels. Even if a sharp economic downturn is avoided, the monetary tightening policies already in force could 
introduce challenges for businesses going forward, which may result in an increase in the number of 
bankruptcies. If the Issuer’s borrowers suffer a decline in income (whether in absolute terms or relative to their 
expenses), they may default on their payment obligations to the Issuer, which in turn may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s business, result of operations and/or financial condition and consequently its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
19 
 
 
If the Issuer’s borrowers default on secured loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to 
realise the value of the collateral securing these loans. When the collateral is enforced, a court order may be 
needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay (if disputed by the borrower) and to enable a sale by 
executive measures. If, in the context of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant 
court decision or the relevant market in which the mortgage or other form of security is established 
substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan. 
Any failure to recover the full amount of the loans could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Residential real estate 
As of 30 June 2024, 76.3  per cent. and NOK 208.2 billion of the Issuer’s total gross loans were related to 
residential real estate. Despite global geopolitical headwinds and rising interest rates, the Norwegian economy, 
and particularly housing prices, performed well relative to markets in neighbouring countries in 2023 and to 
date in 2024. However, rising costs, economic uncertainty and higher interest rates may have a cooling effect 
on the Norwegian economy going forward, which may negatively impact the value of residential real estate. 
An economic downturn may further adversely impact the financial vulnerability of mortgage borrowers, 
especially the young and/or lower income households.  
A significant decline in the value of residential real estate could significantly reduce the value of the collateral 
for such loans. If accompanied by a deterioration in market conditions and/or higher unemployment, which in 
turn could result in difficulties for the Issuer’s customers in meeting their payment obligations, this could lead 
to increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer, which in turn 
may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition and consequently 
jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Commercial real estate 
As of 30 June 2024, 7.4 per cent. and NOK 20.3 billion of the Issuer’s total gross loans were related to 
commercial real estate. The commercial real estate portfolio includes loans to owners of commercial properties 
for leasing with long-term contracts such as office buildings, hotels, restaurants and retail stores.  
Norway’s annualised consumer price index approached 6.00 per cent. at the end of 2022 and 5.5 per cent. for 
2023, well above the Central Bank of Norway’s (Norges Bank) target of 2.00 per cent. However, from April 
2023 to April 2024, the CPI averaged to 3.6 per cent., closer to the 2.00 per cent. target. To combat inflation 
and ease the pressure on the economy, Norges Bank has gradually raised its policy rate from 0.50 per cent. in 
2022 to the current level of 4.50 per cent. , the highest level since 2008. Following several years with low 
interest rates, where commercial property prices have risen markedly as a result of increasing rental prices and 
low required rates of return, commercial tenants are now operating in a more costly landscape. The yield on 
prime-commercial real estate has declined in recent years, negatively affecting the valuation of commercial 
real estate. Furthermore, if Norges Bank fails to combat inflation in the short-term, further tightening in its 
monetary policy is expected, which could have a significant adverse impact on the credit quality of commercial 
tenants and, consequently, on their ability to pay rent. Adding the effects of increased cost of electricity as well 
as increased interest payments, commercial real estate tenants may face more challenges to repay their loans 
going forward.  
Increased disruptions in repayments of rent from commercial tenants will result in reduced revenue for the 
lessors, which in turn could result in disruptions in payment obligations under loans provided by the Issuer. 
Disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer may in turn adversely 
affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeopardise the 
Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Oil-related exposures 
As of 30 June 2024, 0.25 per cent. (NOK 0.679 billion) of the Issuer’s total gross loans were related to the 
supply and other maritime transport services offshore. A significant deterioration in oil and gas prices could 
have a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in these industries. This could 
have a significant impact on such companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective credit quality,

--- Page 20 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
20 
 
 
thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses suffered by the Issuer on its loan portfolio 
within this sector. This may in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial 
condition and consequently jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Shipping 
As of 30 June 2024, loans to customers within the shipping sector represented 2.8 per cent. (NOK 7.7 billion) 
of the Issuer’s total gross loans. The shipping industry is driven, among other things, by the demand in 
international trade. A downturn in global demand  due to high inflation and thereto reduced consumer spending 
may lead to a decrease in demand of freight services as result of lower global commerce, this could have a 
significant adverse impact on shipping companies’ profitability. This could result in a downturn in their 
respective credit quality, which in turn could lead to a material increase in impairments and/or losses 
experienced by the Issuer. This may in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or 
financial condition and consequently jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Fisheries, aquaculture and agriculture 
As of 30 June 2024, 4.7 per cent. (NOK 12.9 billion) of the Issuer’s total gross loans were related to fisheries, 
aquaculture, and agriculture. The NOK exchange rate has weakened during 2023 and the first half of 2024 
compared to previous levels, leading to increased profits among exporters of fish from Norway, as most sell 
their products in EUR and USD, and have their operating costs in NOK. However, a material strengthening of 
the Norwegian krone in the future could lead to lower profits and by extension, a worsening in their 
creditworthiness. Further, a downturn in the global economy could reduce the demand for fish and agricultural 
products which could result in a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating within 
the seafood and agriculture industries. This could significantly impact  such companies’ profitability and, 
consequently, their respective creditworthiness, thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or 
losses experienced by the Issuer within this sector. This may in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Counterparty defaults may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
The Issuer executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate clients. Many of 
these transactions expose the Issuer to the risk that the Issuer’s counterparty defaults on its obligations prior to 
maturity when the Issuer has an outstanding claim against that counterparty. The counterparty risk may be 
exacerbated when the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices insufficient to 
recover the full amount of counterparty exposure. Any such counterparty default may have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s cash flows, business, financial position and results of operations, with potential adverse 
consequences on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Interest Rate and Liqudity Risks 
The Issuer’s business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive environment 
affecting spreads on its lending and deposits 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Issuer’s lending and deposit spreads. 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits or its funding 
costs and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers. Although both the interest rates payable by 
the Issuer on deposits and the interest rates that it is able to charge on loans to customers are mainly floating 
rates, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to reprice its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same 
time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term.  
Deposits represent one of the Issuer’s main sources of funding. The Issuer is subject to competition for 
customer deposits and the current rising interest rate environment has increased customer awaraness of interest 
rates on their deposits, thus putting pressure on the Issuer’s deposit spread. Interest rates are sensitive to several 
factors that are out of the Issuer’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central 
banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. If interest rates are either further increased or

--- Page 21 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
21 
 
 
remain at high levels for longer than previously anticipated, this could reduce the demand for credit, as well 
as contribute to an increase in defaults by the Issuer’s customers. Conversely, a reduction in the interest rates 
may adversely affect the Issuer through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and increased 
competition in respect of deposit rates and interest rates on loans to customers, which in turn could adversely 
affect the Issuer’s funding costs and the Issuer’s ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
The Issuer may not be able to obtain wholesale funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all 
Due to changes in customer savings behaviour and relatively high credit demand, the Issuer is also dependent 
on sources of capital other than deposits, such as wholesale funding, including issuance of long-term debt 
market instruments. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained 
during periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect 
the Issuer’s liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the Issuer. 
The market turmoil caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine in late February 2022, significantly increased 
the credit spreads on the Issuer’s senior unsecured financing. Even though credit spreads remained elevated 
throughout 2022 and 2023, compared to previous years, the credit market in both the eurozone and in Norway 
fared relatively well. However, if the war expands to Ukraine’s neighbouring countries, and/or involves a 
number of countries in Europe and/or NATO, or if other armed conflicts were to emerge (or escalate), credit 
markets may dry up, leaving the Issuer unable to refinance its borrowings under commercially reasonable 
terms or at all. This could in turn adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
Credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which the Issuer is able to obtain funding in the securities 
market. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer such as a downturn in the international or domestic 
financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer and/or any outstanding Notes. A credit rating 
downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, 
but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the 
Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the competitive position 
of) the Issuer, and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer. Any of 
these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in obtaining funding on commercially reasonable terms or 
at all, which in turn may adversely impact the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition 
and consequently jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes.  
Risks relating to ICT and cybercrime 
The Issuer is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be adequate to 
the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and communication 
technology (ICT) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches and towards greater 
reliance on internet websites and the development and use of applications on smartphones. ICT systems are 
vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical 
damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of 
changing business and regulatory requirements and to keep pace with possible expansion into new markets 
and the greater use, development and reliance on information and communication technology more broadly. 
The Issuer may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to 
function as planned.  
In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues 
associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, there is a risk that the Issuer could 
face liability for losses due to ICT system failures. There is also a risk that the Issuer could face fines from 
bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable them to comply with applicable banking or reporting 
regulations, including data protection regulations. 
The Issuer’s operations is subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection, 
including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. Juni 2018 nr. 38 om behandling av 
personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the General Data Protection 
Regulation). The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security of the 
Issuer’s systems is essential to maintaining customer confidence and ensuring compliance with data privacy 
legislation. If the Issuer, or any of its third party suppliers, fails to transmit customer information and payment

--- Page 22 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
22 
 
 
details securely, or if they otherwise fail to protect customer privacy in online transactions, or if third parties 
obtain and/or reveal the Issuer’s confidential information, the Issuer may lose existing customers, potential 
customers may be deterred from using the Issuer’s products and services, and the Issuer could be exposed to 
liability (including substantial fines), all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer has, to a large extent, oursourced the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems to third party 
vendors. If such third party vendors are unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant 
outsourcing contract, the Issuer’s ICT systems may be adversely affected. In particular, the Issuer and its 
customers have in the past been, and may in the future become, affected by network problems, which relate to 
third-party suppliers, and which have affected and might affect in the future certain of the Issuer’s internet 
banking, mobile app and cash machine functions, resulting in service interruptions. A major disruption to the 
Issuer’s ICT systems, whether due to the scenarios outlined above or otherwise, could have a material adverse 
effect on the normal operation of the Issuer’s business and thus on its financial condition and the results of its 
operations. 
Cybercrime 
The Issuer’s activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime 
and cyberattacks in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continuously 
evolving. The Norwegian Police Security Service (PST) publishes an annual National Threat Assessment 
Report where it describes current and anticipated threats facing the Norwegian society. In the report for 2024, 
the Russian intelligence service is highlighted as the greatest threat, and the report further indicates that 
Norwegian organisations and businesses are likely to encounter cyber operations conducted by foreign state 
actors. Within the cyber space, the report identifies Russia and China as the two most hostile actors targeting 
Norway in the cyber domain. The threat of cybercrime also extends to the Issuer’s internet bank users and 
includes the potential for unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including 
internet bank credentials as well as account and credit card information. The Issuer may experience security 
breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in 
liabilities or losses to the Issuer, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, reputation and results of operations. 
 
Risks related to the proposed merger with Sparebanken Sør 
On 28 August 2024, the Issuer announced that the boards of directors of the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør, a 
Norwegian savings bank, had approved a plan for merging the two banks (the Proposed Merger). The Issuer 
will be the surviving entity and will thus acquire all of Sparebanken Sør’s assets, rights and liabilities upon the 
completion of the Proposed Merger. The aim is to complete the Proposed Merger within the second quarter of 
2025, upon which the Issuer will be rebranded to a name to be decided by the parties (the Combined Bank). 
See “Recent Developments” for further information. 
 
Investors should be aware that the successful completion of the Proposed Merger is subject to numerous 
uncertainties, and there is no assurance that the Proposed Merger will be completed within the anticipated 
timeframe or on the terms currently contemplated, or at all. 
Various factors may result in the Proposed Merger not being completed or delayed in its completion 
Completion of the Proposed Merger is subject to a number of conditions, including the merger being approved 
by the respective general assemblies of Sparebanken Sør and the Issuer (which is expected to be sought around 
October 2024), as well as the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and the Norwegian Competition 
Authority granting the required permissions for completion without imposing conditions that significantly alter 
the assumptions that the merging parties have made under the merger plan. Some of these conditions are 
outside the control of the Issuer and may cause the Proposed Merger to be significantly delayed and may 
significantly increase implementation costs and/or result in the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Merger 
being significantly delayed or reduced. Moreover, if any of these conditions are not satisfied, the Proposed 
Merger may not be completed at all.

--- Page 23 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
23 
 
 
The Issuer’s access to information about Sparebanken Sør prior to the Proposed Merger has been limited, and 
the Issuer may as a result not be adequately protected against possible known or unknown deficiencies and 
liabilities 
In addition to reviewing public information which Sparebanken Sør has disclosed to the market under its 
disclosure obligations as a listed company, the Issuer has only been able to conduct a limited legal due 
diligence review of Sparebanken Sør prior to agreeing the terms of the Proposed Merger. Such limited due 
diligence review may have failed to identify and uncover potential liabilities and deficiencies in Sparebanken 
Sør’s financial position or in its business generally, whether or not contingent or included in Sparebanken 
Sør’s financial statements. After completion of the Proposed Merger, the Combined Bank’s management may 
gain new information about liabilities which, individually or in the aggregate, could result in significant 
additional costs and liabilities that are not described in this Base Prospectus, and/or which may affect the 
feasibility of achieving estimated synergies. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of the Combined Bank after the 
Proposed Merger. 
The Combined Bank may be unable to realise some or any of the estimated benefits of the Proposed Merger 
in the manner or within the timeframe currently estimated, or at all, and the implementation costs may exceed 
estimates 
Achieving the estimated benefits, including the estimated synergies, of the Proposed Merger will depend 
largely on the timely and efficient combination of the business operations of the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør. 
The estimates on the total synergies expected to arise from the Proposed Merger and the combination of the 
banking operations of the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør as well as the related implementation costs are based on 
a number of estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and subject to risks that could cause the 
actual results to differ materially from those contained in the synergy, benefit and related cost estimates. 
 
Achieving the estimated synergies or other benefits from the Proposed Merger could be limited, delayed or 
prevented, and the estimated implementation costs may be exceeded, due to, inter alia, risks that include, but 
are not limited to, the following factors: 
 
• 
the completion of the Proposed Merger may be delayed or not completed at all; 
• 
regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the Proposed Merger, such as obligations for the 
Issuer and Sparebanken Sør to divest certain assets or businesses; 
• 
the estimated capital synergies for the Combined Bank may not be achieved or may be delayed due to 
conditions or requirements imposed on the Combined Bank by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory 
Authority and/or the Norwegian Competition Authority; 
• 
the Combined Bank may face unforeseen technological and other challenges that prevent a proper 
integration resulting in complications, delays, errors or additional costs; 
• 
technical integration may have to be implemented through temporary measures, which could lead to 
weakened security and increase the risk of major incidents; 
• 
unexpected investments in equipment, ICT systems and other business crucial infrastructure may incur 
significant integration-related expenses; 
• 
integration may disturb the efficiency, accuracy, continuity and consistency of the Combined Bank’s 
control, administrative and support functions, such as financing operations, cash management, 
hedging, insurance, financial control and reporting, information technology, communications and 
compliance functions; 
• 
the Combined Bank is dependent on the working capacity of senior management and key personnel, 
and their continued employment with the Combined Bank during the Proposed Merger process and 
after the effective date of the Proposed Merger; and 
• 
the combination will require significant amounts of management time and effort which may impair 
the ability of the management of both the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør to effectively run their respective 
businesses during the Proposed Merger process, including managing operations, internal development 
projects and mitigating existing risks.

--- Page 24 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
24 
 
 
 
If the Combined Bank fails to realise the anticipated synergies or other benefits or recognise further synergies 
or benefits, or the estimated implementation costs of the Proposed Merger are exceeded, this could undermine 
the business rationale of the Proposed Merger. 
 
Materialisation of any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operation or future prospects of the Issuer and (if the Proposed Merger is completed) the 
Combined Bank. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks applicable to Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior 
Preferred Notes 
There are no events of default in relation to Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
certain Senior Preferred Notes 
In the event that the Issuer fails to pay interest or principal when due on any Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and (if the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 10 is not applicable) Senior 
Preferred Notes, the holders of such Notes shall not be entitled to accelerate the Notes in accordance with their 
terms. 
The Issuer's obligations under Dated Subordinated Notes are subordinated and investors in Dated 
Subordinated Notes assume an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer's obligations under Dated Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
junior in priority of payment of the claims of more senior ranking creditors of the Issuer (such as the Senior 
Preferred Noteholders and Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders). Although Dated Subordinated Notes may pay 
a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated to the same extent, there is a real 
risk that an investor in Dated Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent or should the Issuer or the Notes become subject to the actions described in the risk factor 
entitled "Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuer" and “The ranking of Dated Subordinated Notes relative to other obligations of 
the Issuer may change in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, which, in certain circumstances, could have a material adverse effect 
on the rights of such Noteholders and/or the market price of the Subordinated Notes” below. 
If, on a winding up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims 
of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Dated 
Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking 
creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the 
Dated Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Dated Subordinated Notes, 
Noteholders will lose some or all of their investment in the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Dated Subordinated Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if 
any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
The ranking of Dated Subordinated Notes relative to other obligations of the Issuer may change in the event 
of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the Issuer by way of public administration, 
which, in certain circumstances, could have a material adverse effect on the rights of such Noteholders and/or 
the market price of the Dated Subordinated Notes

--- Page 25 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
25 
 
 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD II requires Member States to ensure that, in normal insolvency proceedings, claims 
arising from own funds items (such as Tier 2 instruments or Additional Tier 1 instruments) are subordinated 
to claims that do not result from own funds items. On 1 July 2024, amendments to the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act Section 20-32, aimed at implementing Article 48(7) into Norwegian law (the Implementing 
Act), took effect in Norway. However, some ambiguity remain regarding the practical application of the 
Implementing Act, which could cause uncertainty as to the ranking of Dated Subordinated Notes relative to 
other obligations of the Issuer. 
This uncertainty applies specifically to obligations of the Issuer that previously qualified as either Tier 2 capital 
or Additional Tier 1 Capital which has been disqualified following changes to Applicable Banking Regulations 
(such obligations, Disqualified Obligations). While the intention under Article 48(7) of the BRRD II is to 
ensure that Disqualified Obligations are ranked in priority to Tier 2 capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital, the 
Implementing Act leaves some uncertainty whether such shift in priority of Disqualified Obligations would 
follow from statutory law.  
The Implementing Act, if interpreted in alignment with the Article 48(7) of the BRRD II, could result in 
Disqualified Obligations being assigned a higher ranking in priority than Dated Subordinated Notes, causing 
a downshift in priority for Dated Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 capital relative to Disqualified 
Obligations. As a result, in the event of a winding-up or insolvency, claims relating to Disqualified Obligations 
would be repaid before any recovery is available to Noteholders of Dated Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
Tier 2 capital. This could materially reduce the amount recoverable by such Noteholders and could adversely 
affect the market price of Dated Subordinated Notes. 
The potential for changes in the ranking of Disqualified Obligations, could increase volatility in the market 
price of Dated Subordinated Notes. Additionally, it may be difficult to predict both when or how such changes 
in ranking will occur. 
Mandatory provision of Applicable Banking Regulations detailing the ranking of the Notes will prevail over 
any conflicting contractual subordination provisions set out in the applicable terms and conditions of 
Disqualified Obligations, meaning that Noteholders in Dated Subordinated Notes cannot with certainty rely 
on such terms and conditions to prevent the advance in priority for Disqualified Obligations. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Dated Subordinated Notes are expected to rank above Additional Tier 1 Capital and 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital, pari passu with other obligations qualifying as Tier 2 capital, but below other 
indebtedness of the Issuer, such as Disqualified Obligations.  A downshift in priority for Dated Subordinated 
Notes relative to Disqualified Obligations could adversely affect the market price of the Dated Subordinated 
Notes and reduce the amounts recoverable by holders of Dated Subordinated Notes in the event of a winding-
up or insolvency of the Issuer. Additionally, any future amendments to the Applicable Banking Regulations 
could further impact the ranking of Dated Subordinated Notes, as well as Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and materially affect their market price and recoverability in insolvency proceedings. 
The Issuer's obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer 
The Issuer's obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be unsecured and will rank junior to present 
and future obligations of the Issuer in respect of Senior Creditors of the Issuer, as further described in Condition 
2(a)(ii).  If, on a winding up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay 
the claims of the Senior Creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non- 
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of Senior Creditors in full, 
but insufficient assets to enable it to pay in full all claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. Accordingly, although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Senior 
Preferred Notes or other liabilities of the Issuer which rank in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, an 
investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss, should the Issuer become insolvent 
or should the Issuer or the Notes become subject to the actions described in the risk factor entitled "Notes may 
be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of 
the Issuer" below.

--- Page 26 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
26 
 
 
If the European Commission’s CMDI proposal is adopted and transposed into Norwegian law, the Senior 
Preferred Notes would rank junior to all of the Issuer’s depositors 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors of the Issuer (other than in respect 
of preferred and covered deposits). On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal to adjust 
and further strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework. 
If implemented in the European Union as proposed and subsequently transposed into Norwegian law as part 
of the EEA Agreement, Senior Preferred Notes will no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; 
instead, the Senior Preferred Notes will rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. As such, 
there may be an increased risk to an investor in Senior Preferred Notes of losing all or some of their investment. 
The proposal, if implemented in Norway, may also lead to a rating downgrade of Senior Preferred Notes. This 
could materially reduce the amount recoverable by holders of Senior Preferred Notes and could adversely 
affect the market price of Senior Preferred Notes. 
Substitution and variation of Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes without Noteholder consent 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7(l) (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or 
Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time 
a Capital Event (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or a MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (if applicable), (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant Noteholders) 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, as the case may be, for, or vary the terms of the 
relevant Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 19 from Norwegian law to English law), 
as the case may be, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (in the 
case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or Qualifying MREL Securities (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as further provided in Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m), as the case may be.  The 
Terms and Conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or 
more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, provided 
that the relevant Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying 
MREL Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.   
While the Issuer cannot otherwise make changes to the terms of Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes as a class, the governing law of Condition 19 
may be changed from Norwegian law to English law in order to ensure its effectiveness and enforceability.  
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder.  In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different 
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes as "eligible liabilities" 
is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable 
MREL Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer. However, if the Applicable MREL Regulations were to 
change after a series of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes were issued, the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There 
is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to Condition 
7(i) (if applicable), (i) where the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 7(k) to be applicable, redeem all 
(but not some only) of such Series of Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 7(m) 
to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, or vary the terms of such 
Series of Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying MREL Securities. See "Notes subject

--- Page 27 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
27 
 
 
to optional redemption by the Issuer" and "In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms 
of the Notes" for a description of the risks related to an early redemption of Notes or the substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, of Notes. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In addition to the call rights described below under “Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer”, 
Dated Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period 
of, for example, five years.  To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must (if, and to the extent, then required 
by the Relevant Regulator) obtain the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator.  
Any early redemption by the Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes is also 
subject to the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required by the 
Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by 
the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory 
capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the 
Relevant Regulator will permit such a call. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required 
to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period 
(if applicable).  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value 
of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be. 
Waiver of set-off 
The Senior Non-Preferred and Dated Subordinated Noteholders and respective Couponholders and (if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 2(b) applies) Senior Preferred Noteholders and respective 
Couponholders will not be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed 
by them to the Issuer. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes is limited to payments of interest only 
The Issuer’s obligation under Condition 8 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of (i) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes where Condition 8(b) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) 
Dated Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal or any other 
amounts. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of such 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal or such other amounts. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any such 
Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal due under such Notes upon redemption, 
and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes (including for taxation reasons, (in the case of Dated Subordinated 
Notes) following a Capital Event, (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where 
the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 7(k) is applicable) following a MREL Disqualification Event)

--- Page 28 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
28 
 
 
and where Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) is likely to limit 
their market value.  During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider the reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-
viability of the Issuer 
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive or the BRRD) has been implemented in Norway through amendments to Chapter 20 of the Act on 
Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
av 10. april 2015 nr. 17) (the Financial Institutions Act). The implementing legislation grants authority to 
the FSAN to implement detailed requirements and supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution 
authority.  
The Issuer is a Norwegian bank and accordingly falls within the scope of the BRRD as implemented in 
Norway. The only bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or administrative procedures to which a bank such as 
the Issuer could be subject under the laws of Norway, are either resolution pursuant to the tools provided for 
under the BRRD, or winding up by way of public administration as further set out in Chapter 20 of the Financial 
Institutions Act.  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial 
and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), 
which may limit the capacity of the firm to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – 
which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would include claims in 
respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing institution (which write-down may 
result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) 
to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), which equity or other instruments could 
also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. The BRRD also provides for a Member State as 
a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible 
whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state 
aid framework. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to

--- Page 29 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
29 
 
 
be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
If the Issuer becomes subject to resolution as provided for in the BRRD, holders of Notes may be subject to 
the application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their 
investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the principal amount or 
any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well 
as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD as implemented in Norway 
or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or 
value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes, non-viability loss 
absorption under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will depend on their ranking in 
accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is 
less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder 
has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the institution (which is 
referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is 
unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable 
delay in the recovery of such compensation as compared to when amounts may otherwise have been due under 
the Notes. In the event that Dated Subordinated Notes are subject to the application of non-viability loss 
absorption, compensation (if any) would only by in the form of equity in the Issuer. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Dated Subordinated Notes) 
at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). The 
Banking Reform Package (as defined below) extends the scope of non-viability loss absorption powers to 
certain eligible liabilities (see “Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements”). Any shares issued to holders 
of the Dated Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application 
of the general bail-in tool and/or other resolution powers as outlined above. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which: (i) the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or in the near future is expected to meet 
such conditions; or (ii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution or its group other 
than for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve 
financial stability; and (iii) the relevant authority determines that the institution or its group will no longer be 
viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Dated Subordinated Notes) are written down or 
converted. 
In addition to becoming subject to the general bail-in tool, holders of Dated Subordinated Notes may 
accordingly be subject to write-down or conversion into equity as a result of the non-viability loss absorption 
rules, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.  
Under the BRRD, there is a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own 
funds and other eligible liabilities (MREL) which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in order 
to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 
23 May 2016 sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for 
setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities.  
On 14 December 2023, the FSAN communicated the MREL requirement for the Issuer, being 26.00 per cent. 
of the Issuer’s adjusted risk weighted assets from time to time. As per paragraph 4 of Article 128 of the Capital 
Requirements Directive, the Issuer may not use Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital that is maintained to 
meet the combined buffer requirement (CBR) to meet its risk-weighted MREL requirement. Accordingly, the

--- Page 30 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
30 
 
 
Issuer’s effective MREL requirement is 35.50 per cent. of the Issuer’s adjusted risk-weighted assets, which 
equals the sum of 26.00 per cent. and the CBR. Future changes to the CBR will automatically be reflected in 
and affect the Issuer’s effective MREL requirement.   
The MREL requirement determined by the FSAN must be met with MREL qualifying instruments, of which 
a certain percentage shall be subordinated liabilities. MREL qualifying instruments are instruments that qualify 
as eligible liabilities instruments under the BRRD and Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the Capital Requirements 
Regulation, CRR) (as amended from time to time). 
The subordination requirement equals 2x the minimum capital requirement in Pillar 1 + 2x the Pillar 2 
requirement + the CBR. CET1 capital that is maintained to meet the CBR may also be used to meet the 
subordination requirement.  
Noteholders should be aware that Notes may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in any Notes that are bailed-in. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Green Loans (as defined 
in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and/or other environmental purposes and Notes 
issued thereunder to be referred to as Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of the 
Notes nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets 
and there will be no direct or contractual link between the Notes and any Green Loans. 
Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any 
such Green Bonds and must determine for themselves the relevance of the information set out in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any Green Loans will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Loans).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus, as 
to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "sustainable", "social" or an equivalently-labelled project 
or investment, continues to evolve (including as a result of the introduction of the EU Taxonomy (as defined 
below) and similar classification schemes in other jurisdictions), and any Green Loans may not reflect these 
developments. Even if such a definition, market consensus or label should develop or be established, no 
assurance can be given by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other person to investors that any Green Loans will 
comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "environmental", 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so-called EU Taxonomy) or Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA) nor that they comply with 
the criteria of any taxonomies, common standards or other framework relating to green investments, and, 
accordingly, the status of any Green Bonds as being "green", "sustainable", "social" (or equivalent) could be 
withdrawn at any time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme are not issued in compliance with the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework. 
The Issuer has published a framework relating to an investment in Green Loans and the issuance of Green 
Bonds which has been made available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders and

--- Page 31 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
31 
 
 
none of the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person assumes any obligation or responsibility to release any 
update or revision to the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances 
after the date of its publication.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) (including, without limitation, the Second Party Opinion) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Loans to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion, report 
or certification is only current as of the date that opinion, report or certification was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in such Green Bonds will have 
no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the 
contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” , “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer,  the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is 
given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and this Base Prospectus and/or 
the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which are the subject of, 
or related to, any Green Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed 
for the specified Green Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Loans will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the 
application of the amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds issued under the Programme.  
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any 
Green Loans as aforesaid will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute 
an Event of Default, or, as the case may be, enforcement event under the relevant Green Bonds; (iii) lead to an 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds; or (iv) affect the 
qualification of such Green Bonds which are also Dated Subordinated Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes 
(as the case may be) as Tier 2 capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or as eligible 
liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments (as applicable). The withdrawal of any opinion, report or 
certification as described above, or any such opinion, report or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining or 
certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market as aforesaid may adversely affect the reputation of the Issuer, have a material adverse

--- Page 32 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
32 
 
 
effect on the value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are 
intended to finance Green Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. In addition, as noted above, the Green 
Bonds may not meet any future definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled asset, should such definition or consensus 
materialise. 
There is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green targets of the Issuer. The payments 
of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Green Bonds shall, accordingly, not depend on the 
performance of the relevant Green Loans or any other environmental targets of the Issuer, nor will any 
investors in the same have any preferred right against such assets. The tenor of the amounts advanced by the 
Issuer to its customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing Green Loans may not match the maturity 
date of the Green Bonds issued to fund such advances. The subsequent redemption of Green Loans advanced 
by the Issuer before the maturity date of any Green Bonds issued to fund such advances shall not lead to the 
early redemption of such Green Bonds, nor create any obligation or incentive of the Issuer to redeem the Green 
Bonds at any time, or be a factor in the Issuer’s determination as to whether or not to exercise any early 
redemption rights it may have from time to time. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Green Bond Framework (as further described in “Use of 
Proceeds” below) for further information. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if 
there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date). On the first Reset Date, however, and on each 
subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Subsequent 
Reset Reference Rate and the applicable Reset Margin as determined by the Issue and Paying Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate). The Subsequent Reset 
Rate for any Reset Period could be less than Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior 
Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Modification and waiver 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their

--- Page 33 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
33 
 
 
interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders and Couponholders 
including those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and those who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, without the consent of 
Noteholders or Couponholders agree to (i) any modification (except as mentioned in Condition 15) of the 
Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples; definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks relating to the regulatory environment of the Issuer  
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in recent 
years in order to increase capital requirements, increase the quantity and quality of capital and raise liquidity 
levels in the banking sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) and implemented by the EU through CRD IV (as 
defined below). 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and to 
implement the Basel III agreement into the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital 
requirements. The package included Directive 2013/36/EU (the Capital Requirements Directive, CRD IV) 
and the CRR. CRD IV and CRR were implemented into Norwegian law on 31 December 2019. 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks consist of two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital 
requirements determined by the political authorities. As per the provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, 
banks must hold own funds at least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets (RWAs), of which at least 
4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 capital. 
In addition to the minimum 4.5 per cent. CET1 requirement, the Financial Institutions Act and the Regulation 
on CRR/CRD IV (No.: CRR/CRD IV-forskriften) impose various capital buffer requirements which must be 
met by Norwegian financial institutions with CET1 capital. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
minimum buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, (ii) a systemic risk 
buffer of 4.5 per cent. of RWAs and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs. 
The Financial Institutions Act gives FSAN power to require banks to hold additional capital, commonly 
referred to as “Pillar 2”. The Pillar 2 requirement imposed by the FSAN comes in addition to the Pillar 1

--- Page 34 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
34 
 
 
requirements and is intended to cover institution-specific risks which are not covered or only partly covered 
by Pillar 1. The current Pillar 2 requirement for the Issuer is 1.5 per cent. of RWAs. 
The Basel III framework also provides for capital requirements based on total (i.e., non-risk weighted) assets, 
referred to as leverage ratio requirements. Currently, the Issuer is required to maintain a leverage ratio of 
minimum 3 per cent. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee adopted changes to several parts of the Basel III standards for capital 
adequacy assessments, aiming, among other things, to ensure greater consistency between banks’ reported 
capital adequacy figures and capital requirements (such changes being commonly referred to as Basel IV). 
Basel IV includes adjustments to the standardised approach and the internal ratings-based approach, as well as 
the introduction of a new capital floor. The new capital floor requirement will reduce differences in risk 
weights and result in more harmonised capital requirements across national borders. Basel IV was planned to 
take effect 1 January 2022, with a five-year phase-in period. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
deadline was postponed by one year to 1 January 2023, with a five-year phasing-in period. On 27 October 
2021, the European Commission proposed to implement Basel IV with effect from 1 January 2025 with 
transitional arrangements applying over a further five-year period.  
As the implementation of Basel IV requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its 
implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible assets or 
not), may be subject to some level of national variation. 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector by setting requirements for 
a liquidity coverage ratio (the LCR). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has introduced an LCR requirement 
of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. Due to the limited size of the domestic capital market, the 
minimum requirement for LCR in NOK is set at 50 per cent. for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other 
significant currencies, with the difference being made up by either U.S.$ or euro. As a result and to ensure 
compliance with changes in these rules, the Issuer may need to hold additional liquid assets, which may have 
an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 
A net stable funding ratio (NSFR) has also been introduced with the Basel III framework. The funding ratio 
seeks to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding. Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR (CRR II) introduced a binding NSFR of at least 100 per cent.. The CRR 
II has been implemented in Norwegian law and took effect 1 June 2022. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the CRD 
IV, the CRR and the BRRD and proposed an amending directive to facilitate the creation of a new asset class 
of “non-preferred” senior debt (the Banking Reform Package). The Banking Reform Package covered 
multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, the mandatory restrictions on distributions, 
the permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, the macroprudential tools, a new category of 
“non-preferred” senior debt, the MREL (as defined above) framework and the integration of the Financial 
Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. The various directives 
and regulations intended to implement the Banking Reform Package were published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force in the European Union on 27 June 2019.  
On 9 April 2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal to the Norwegian 
Parliament for the implementation of the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD (respectively, 
CRR II, CRD V and BRRD II) into Norwegian law. The legislative proposal was adopted by the Norwegian 
Parliament on 18 June 2021 and entered into force 1 June 2022. 
The new category of “non-preferred” senior debt mentioned above is included in the Banking Reform Package 
by virtue of a draft amending directive facilitating the creation of such new asset class of “non-preferred” 
senior debt which was published in final form on 12 December 2017 (the Creditor Hierarchy Directive). A 
legislative proposal transposing the Creditor Hierarchy Directive into Norwegian law through amendments of 
the Financial Institutions Act was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament on 23 April 2021 and entered into 
force on 1 July 2021.

--- Page 35 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
35 
 
 
On 31 May 2024, Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 (CRR III) and Directive (EU) 2024/1619 (CRD VI) were 
adopted by the EU. The CRR III introduces amendments to the CRR as regards to requirements for credit risk, 
credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor. A proposal for the 
Norwegian incorporation of the CRR III was sent for public hearing by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance on 
5 June 2024, with the deadline for submitting comments set for 4 September 2024. The CRR III applies from 
1 January 2025, and the Norwegian Ministry of Finance aims at completing the Norwegian incorporation 
process in time for the amendments under the CRR III to become effective under Norwegian law 
simultaneously.  
 
While the CRR III applies from 1 January 2025, member states have 18 months to transpose the CRD VI into 
national legislation. A proposal for the Norwegian implementation of the CRD VI is yet to be sent for public 
hearing. The implementation of the CRR III and the CRD VI will have implications for the Issuer, as it will 
need to adjust its risk management and reporting framework to comply with new requirements.  
 
In order to ensure compliance within an ever-changing regulatory landscape, the Issuer may need to increase 
its capital ratios in the future by reducing its lending or investment in other operations or raising additional 
capital. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, may not be 
available on attractive terms or at all. In addition, it is difficult to predict what regulatory requirements relating 
to capital may be imposed in the future or accurately estimate the impact that any currently proposed regulatory 
changes may have on the business, the products and services offered by the Issuer and the values of its assets. 
For example, if any entity of the Issuer is required to make additional provisions, increase its reserves or 
capital, or exit or change its approach to certain businesses as a result of the initiatives to strengthen the 
regulation of credit institutions, this could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations or 
financial condition. 
There are risks that certain "benchmark" rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, 
which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR, SIBOR, TIBOR, 
HIBOR and the Bank of England Base Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.

--- Page 36 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
36 
 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Workstreams are underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to provide a 
fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a 
methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate (€STR) as the new risk free rate. €STR was first published by the ECB 
in October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of 
guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The 
guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, 
the group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  
Where Benchmark Replacement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that:  
• 
a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, then the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser for the purposes 
of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 
5(e)) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that if 
the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the 
further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply; or, as the case may 
be 
• 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Bencmark Replacement Date (each as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) have occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Benchmark 
Replacement (as further described in Condition 5(f)). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer may determine the Benchmark Replacement, provided that if the 
Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Benchmark Replacement, the further fallbacks described 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates, Alternative Reference Rates 
and Benchmark Replacements and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest or for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Reset Notes, the application of the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date, or in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
application of the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date.  
The use of a Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or a Benchmark Replacement may result in 
interest payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current 
form. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a

--- Page 37 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
37 
 
 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or Benchmark Replacement or adjustment spread, if 
applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect 
not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate, Benchmark Replacement or adjustment spread, if applicable 
in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In addition, while any adjustment spread may 
be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, 
the application of an adjustment spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer has also undertaken in the Conditions that it will not make any amendment pursuant to Condition 
5(e) or Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if to do so could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as, in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior 
Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or, in the 
case of the Dated Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of 
the Issuer. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may provide that the Rate of Interest for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR. SOFR is an ‘overnight rate’. Overnight rates differ from inter-
bank offered rates, such as EURIBOR, SIBOR, TIBOR and HIBOR, in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas inter-
bank offered rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that SOFR, as an overnight rate, may behave materially 
differently as an interest reference rate for Notes issued under the Programme compared to inter-bank offered 
rates. The use of overnight rates such as SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds is subject to continued change 
and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of Eurobonds referencing such overnight rates. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing SOFR should be aware that the market continues 
to develop in relation to SOFR in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to inter-bank offered 
rates. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led working groups have explored compounded 
and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for such rates (including so-called ‘shift’ and ‘lag’ 
methodologies) and forward-looking ‘term’ reference rates derived from these overnight rates have also been, 
or are being, developed. The adoption of overnight rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or 
other composite rates transferring from another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt SOFR in a way that differs significantly from the provisions 
relating to SOFR set out in the Conditions. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate 
index for SOFR could change during the life of any Notes referencing SOFR. Furthermore, the Issuer may in 
the future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SOFR-referencing Notes issued by it under the Programme. The continued 
development of SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting it, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the 
market price of any Notes referencing SOFR issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some

--- Page 38 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
38 
 
 
investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to inter-bank-based Notes, if 
Notes referencing SOFR rate become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default, or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
when compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SOFR. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing SOFR. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets, including in 
circumstances where a significant proportion of the Notes is held by a limited number of initial investor(s).  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case should 
the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial 
discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
39 
 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in the section entitled "Sparebanken Vest – History" and on the 
cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
40 
 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject as 
set out herein.  An overview of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes appears below.  The 
applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of 
the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated 
by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such 
Notes, as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all 
Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed €3,000,000,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies.  For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes, described under "Form of the Notes") shall be 
determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the 
issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against 
the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading 
international bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Notes, described under "Form of the Notes") and other Notes issued at a discount or a 
premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds received 
by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 41 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
41 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The parts identified below of the following documents which have previously been published shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
Financial Statements for the six month period ended 30 June 2024 
the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six 
month period ended 30 June 2024 which appear on pages 13 to 39 of the Interim Report Q2 2024 of 
the Issuer for the six month period ended 30 June 2024 (which is available to view online at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/sparebanken6a2b-spvno-production-d324/media/Investor-relations/IR-
dokumenter/Finansiell-info/2024/Q2/Interim-Report-Sparebanken-Vest-Q2-2024.pdf), including the 
information set out at the following pages: 
 
Balance Sheet
 ................................................................................................................ 
17 
Income Statement
 ................................................................................................................ 
15 
Cash flow statement
 ................................................................................................................ 
18 
Changes in equity
 ................................................................................................................ 
19-20 
Accounting Principles and Notes
 ................................................................................................................ 
21-39 
(b) 
Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 which appear on pages 118 to 205 of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023 (which is available to view online at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/sparebanken6a2b-spvno-production-d324/media/Investor-relations/IR-
dokumenter/Finansiell-info/2023/Aarsrapport-norsk-og-eng-2023/Sparebanken-Vest--Annual-
Report-2023.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages1:  
 
Balance Sheet
 ................................................................................................................ 
62 
Income Statement
 ................................................................................................................ 
61 
Cash flow statement
 ................................................................................................................ 
63 
Changes in equity
 ................................................................................................................ 
63-64 
Accounting Principles and Notes
 ................................................................................................................ 
64-101 
Audit Report
 ................................................................................................................ 
101-103 
(c) 
Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31 December 2022 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which appear on pages 54 to 146 of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 (which is available to view online at: 
https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/sparebanken6a2b-spvno-production-d324/media/Investor-relations/IR-
 
1 The page number references below relate to the page numbers of the PDF document in electronic form.

--- Page 42 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
42 
 
 
dokumenter/Finansiell-info/2022/%C3%85rsrapport-norsk-og-eng-2022/Annual-Report-2022.pdf), 
including the information set out at the following pages2: 
 
Balance Sheet
 ................................................................................................................ 
30 
Income Statement
 ................................................................................................................ 
29 
Cash flow statement
 ................................................................................................................ 
31 
Changes in equity
 ................................................................................................................ 
31-32 
Accounting Principles and Notes
 ................................................................................................................ 
32-71 
Audit Report
 ................................................................................................................ 
72-74 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to above (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in items (a) to (c) above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
 
2 The page number references below relate to the page numbers of the PDF document in electronic form.

--- Page 43 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
43 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common 
Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent (the Agent). 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) subject to the following 
proviso, for definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given; provided that a Temporary Global Note 
representing Notes having denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination and integral 
multiples of a smaller amount there above may only be exchanged for definitive Notes upon an Exchange 
Event (as defined below).  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment 
of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or 
(ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  A Permanent Global Note representing Notes having 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination and integral multiples of a smaller amount 
there above may only be exchanged for definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent

--- Page 44 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
44 
 
 
Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes which have an original 
maturity of more than 365 days and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 10 is not applicable, any Senior Preferred Note may 
be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10.  In such circumstances, 
where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become 
void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of an amended and restated deed of covenant (the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 11 January 2022, executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 45 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
45 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU [MiFID II/(as amended, MiFID II)]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the [EUWA/European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any [distributor/person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor)] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 46 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
46 
 
 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018) the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3  
[Date] 
Sparebanken Vest 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800M7T3CYVZ3ZRT12 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 October 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] [is] [are]] published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
A copy of these Final Terms is available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
 
3 Legend to be included for any offers made in Singapore where the Notes are "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products" 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04:N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investments 
Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 47 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
47 
 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
4. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
(ii) 
Net proceeds: 
[      ] (Required only for listed issues) 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) in order to benefit from the 
wholesale exemption). 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[      ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[      ] month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank of 
England Base Rate]/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/– 
[        ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate until [    ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 15 below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below)

--- Page 48 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
48 
 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [        ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount4 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs [13] and 
[15] below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred/Senior 
Non-Preferred/Dated 
Subordinated] 
(i) 
Condition 2(b) (Set-Off) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Should be Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(ii) 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Should be Not Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(iii) 
Condition 7(i) (Consent) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Should be Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(iv) 
Condition 7(k) (Redemption of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes upon MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Condition 7(m) (Substitution or 
Variation – Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Condition 8(b) (Restricted Gross-
Up) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Should be Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(vii) 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
4 The Notes will be redeemed at an amount equal to, or higher than, 100 per cent. of their nominal value.

--- Page 49 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
49 
 
 
[Should be Not Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
If Dated Subordinated Notes: 
 
(i) 
Condition 7(l) (Subsitution or 
Variation – Dated Subordinated 
Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] [and [    ]] in each year [up to and including 
the Maturity Date] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(v) 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [on/in] [        ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] or [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] [and [       ]] in each year [up to and including 
the Maturity Date] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[       ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reset Date(s): 
[       ]

--- Page 50 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
50 
 
 
(vi) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate(s) and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [         ] 
(vii) 
Reset Margin: 
[       ] 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen 
Page: 
[       ] 
(ix) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[       ] 
(x) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[       ] 
(xi) 
Benchmark Frequency: 
[       ] 
(xii) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[       ] 
(xiii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time: 
[       ] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Replacement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Type of Rate: 
[Term Rate/Overnight Rate] 
(v) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Lag Period: 
[[5/[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days should be specified for the Lag 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent) 
(vii) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[[5/[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days should be specified for the 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Agent) 
(viii) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Relevant Number: 
[[          ]/[5]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
51 
 
 
(x) 
Numerator: 
[          ]/[360]/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
D: 
[[          ]/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[        ] 
(xiii) 
Reference Rate, Relevant Time and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[       ] 
month 
[EURIBOR 
SIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR]]/[Bank of England Base 
Rate]] 
Relevant Time: [       ]/[Not Applicable] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [       ]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference Currency: [        ]/[Not Applicable] 
Designated Maturity: [        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if interest will be determined on the 
basis of a Term Rate)  
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [        ] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(xvi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(See Condition 5 for options) 
(xviii) Benchmark Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 52 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
52 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[      ] 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if euro 
denominated) 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Conditions 7(e)(iii) and 7(h) apply] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7(b): 
Minimum period: [          ] [30] days 
Maximum period: [          ] [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount /Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
19. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[          ][ per Calculation Amount] 
(ii) 
Relevant Percentage: 
[          ] per cent. 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Should be Not Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities]

--- Page 53 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
53 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, a Capital 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or on 
event of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] (This option is 
suitable for TEFRA D) 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
(This option is suitable for TEFRA D) 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] (This option is 
suitable for TEFRA C) 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005] (Include for notes that are to be 
offered in Belgium) 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the "Form of the 
Notes" section in the Base Prospectus N.B. The 
exchange upon notice at any time options should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 54 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
54 
 
 
 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 
15(iii) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made /No.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information, including, for example, the meanings of any ratings] has been extracted 
from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 55 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
55 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Sparebanken Vest: 
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 56 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
56 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable]/[Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [ 
]] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
[Relevant rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended)[ as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018] 
(the 
"[UK 
]CRA 
Regulation").]]  
(Repeat as necessary and amend depending on 
status of relevant rating agency.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for [the/any] fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 57 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
57 
 
 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[[       ]/[General 
Business 
Purposes][Green 
Bonds]/Not Applicable] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general business purposes and/or Green 
Bonds, will need to include those reasons here.)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[      ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[       ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable" or "Not Available") 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 14: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 58 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
58 
 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 59 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
59 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
(viii) 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
8. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) statement 
on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority [(“ESMA”)] 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the “BMR”)].] 
[repeat as necessary]]

--- Page 60 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
60 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below) by Sparebanken Vest (the Issuer). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated 1 October 2024, and made between Sparebanken Vest, Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  
References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or 
Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the amended and restated Deed of 
Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 11 January 2022 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below).

--- Page 61 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
61 
 
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com).  The Noteholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in these 
Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may (i) bear interest calculated by reference to one or more fixed rates of interest (such 
Note, a Fixed Rate Note), (ii) bear interest calculated by reference to, in the case of an initial period, 
an initial fixed rate of interest and, thereafter, the applicable fixed rate of interest that has been 
determined pursuant to the reset provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions, by reference to 
a mid swap rate for the Specified Currency (such Note, a Reset Note), (iii) bear interest calculated by 
reference to one or more floating rates of interest (such Note, a Floating Rate Note), (iv) be a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms or (v) be issued on a non-interest bearing basis and be offered and sold at a discount to its 
nominal amount (such Note, a Zero Coupon Note). 
This Note may also be a Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Dated Subordinated 
Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder

--- Page 62 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
62 
 
 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES AND SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Status 
This Condition 2(a) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes; references 
to Notes and Coupons in Condition 2(a)(i) shall be construed as references to Senior Preferred Notes 
and the related Coupons and references to Notes and Coupons in Condition 2(a)(ii) shall be construed 
as references to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Coupons. 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Preferred Notes”, the 
Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save 
for certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, 
present and future, from time to time outstanding.  So long as any of the Notes remains 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure 
that, subject to Condition 4, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank and will 
rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees 
of obligations of third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, 
the Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and subject as set out 
in the paragraph below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or 
other winding up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such 
case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders 
(as defined below) and do not provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or 
repayable), claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect 
of or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the 
Notes and Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(B) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(C) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(D) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:

--- Page 63 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
63 
 
 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian 
law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, by the BRRD II and the Creditor Hierarchy Directive); 
BRRD II means Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, as the case may be, any 
provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, inter 
alia, Dated Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 3(a))); 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); and 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims means unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments that meet 
the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph. 
(b) 
Set-off 
This Condition 2(b) applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specifies that this Condition 2(b) is applicable and (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
references to Notes in this Condition 2(b) shall be construed accordingly.  
No holder of Notes who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such holder of 
Notes. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any holder of Notes receives or recovers any sum 
or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or 
counterclaim, such holder of Notes shall hold the same for the benefit of the Issuer in a manner that 
protects against claims from creditors of such holder of Notes, and shall pay the amount thereof to the 
Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Status

--- Page 64 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
64 
 
 
This Condition 3 applies only to Dated Subordinated Notes and references to Notes and Coupons in 
this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly.  
The Notes and the Coupons constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, subordinated as described 
below. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration, claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect 
of or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means additional Tier 1 capital as defined in the CRR, as amended or 
replaced; 
FSAN means The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet);  
Relevant Regulator means FSAN and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having 
primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 19) (if 
applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
Specified Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer and (c) subordinated creditors (excluding creditors in respect of Subordinated Parity 
Securities and Subordinated Junior Securities) of the Issuer in respect of any present or future 
obligation, whether dated or undated, of the Issuer which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, 
subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration, to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer; 
Subordinated Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes (which shall include, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any obligations of the Issuer which are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital by the 
Relevant Regulator); 
Subordinated Parity Securities means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 capital from time to time by the Relevant Regulator, any 
guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect of 
securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a subsidiary of the Issuer which are eligible 
to be recognised as Tier 2 capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities 
or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
Tier 2 capital means Tier 2 capital as defined in the CRR, as amended or replaced. 
The foregoing is subject to the application of mandatory provisions of Norwegian law such that those 
mandatory provisions shall apply and supersede the provisions of this Condition 3.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, such mandatory provisions shall include the provisions of the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act Section 20-32 (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time).

--- Page 65 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
65 
 
 
(b) 
Set-off 
This Condition 3(b) applies to Dated Subordinated Notes. 
No holder of Notes who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such holder of 
Notes. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any holder of Notes receives or recovers any sum 
or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or 
counterclaim, such holder of Notes shall hold the same for the benefit of the Issuer in a manner that 
protects against claims from creditors of such holder of Notes, and shall pay the amount thereof to the 
Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
This Condition 4 is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 4 is applicable, and references to Notes in this 
Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly. This Condition 4 shall not be applicable to any Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or any Dated Subordinated Notes. 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall not 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
Guarantee means, in relation to any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised of any Person, any 
obligation of another Person to pay such indebtedness for money borrowed or raised; 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market); and 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
5. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  For so long as any of the Fixed Rate Notes is represented 
by a Global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will be 
calculated on the full nominal amount outstanding of the Fixed Rate Notes and will be paid to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in

--- Page 66 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
66 
 
 
accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures.  In respect of each definitive Fixed Rate 
Note, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period or if, in the case 
of Notes in definitive form, no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note held on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount outstanding of the Fixed 
Rate Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and

--- Page 67 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
67 
 
 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of interest 
Subject to Conditions 2 and 3, each Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Interest Commencement Date), 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each 
successive Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per annum as is equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined, and notified in writing to the 
Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference Banks Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 5(b), 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates(s) (as specified in the Final 
Terms). 
As used in these Conditions: 
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR. 
Mid Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency specified 
in the applicable Final Terms during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined, and notified 
in writing to the Agent and the Issuer,  by the Reference Banks Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term of 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (b) is in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (c) has a floating leg 
based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified in the Final 
Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference 
Banks Agent).

--- Page 68 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
68 
 
 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank, 
stockbroker, financial institution or adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense. 
Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant 
Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Reference Banks Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, 
as determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference Bank 
Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Reference Banks Agent by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
Reset Determination Date means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final 
Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of 
interest applying during such Reset Period will be determined. 
Reset Period means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but 
excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any). 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent 
Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (with such sum converted (if 
necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the 
relevant Reset Period) (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded 
down). 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate means either: 
(A) 
if Mid Swaps is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price.

--- Page 69 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
69 
 
 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Reset 
Notes for the relevant period by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable 
Subsequent Reset Rate (as the case may be) to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form comprises 
more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 5(a). 
(ii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page 
If the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the Reference Banks Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Reference Banks Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate at approximately the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Reference Banks Agent 
with offered quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin 
(if any), all as determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference 
Banks Agent.  If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Reference Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii) Reference Banks means the principal office in the 
Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iii) 
Notification of Subsequent Reset Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Subsequent Reset Rate and each Interest Amount for each Reset 
Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in London. 
(iv) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this

--- Page 70 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
70 
 
 
Condition 5(b) by the Agent or the Reference Banks Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date).  For so long as any of the Floating Rate Notes is represented by a Global Note 
held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will be calculated on 
the full nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Notes and will be paid to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in accordance 
with their usual rules and operating procedures.  In respect of each definitive Floating Rate 
Note, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into

--- Page 71 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
71 
 
 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that 
system (T2) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Term Rate 
Where Term Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant 
Financial Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Reference Banks Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Reference Banks 
Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the

--- Page 72 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
72 
 
 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the 
Reference Banks Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Reference Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Reference Banks Agent determines, and notifies in writing 
to the Agent and the Issuer, as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Reference Banks Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Reference 
Banks Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Reference Banks Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) or if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, the inter-bank market 
of the Relevant Financial Centre plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(A): 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market; and, in the 
case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than EURIBOR, the principal office 
in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the interbank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute. 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank, 
stockbroker, financial institution or adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. 
Reference Rate means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone interbank 
offered rate (EURIBOR), (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR), (iii) the 
Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), (iv) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate 
(HIBOR) or (v) the bank rate of the Bank of England (the Bank of England Base 
Rate), in each case for the relevant currency and for the relevant period (if applicable), 
as specified for each in the Final Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
73 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre means the financial centre specified as such in the Final 
Terms or if none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
Brussels, (ii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Singapore, (iii) in the case of 
a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo, (iv) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, 
Hong Kong or (v) in the case of a determination of the Bank of England Base Rate, 
London. 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the Final Terms or if none is so 
specified: (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case 
of a determination of SIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iii) in the case of a determination of 
TIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iv) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m. or (v) 
in the case of a determination of the Bank of England Base Rate, 11.00 a.m., in each 
case in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
(B) 
Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where Overnight Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate 
and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured 
overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated 
by the Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
do is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 74 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
74 
 
 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Interest 
Period or, as the case may be, such Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period in respect of an Interest Period, means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means:  
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the Lag Period in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the Observation Shift Period in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 5(f), if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", the 
SOFR for: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; and

--- Page 75 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
75 
 
 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment Date, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(C) 
Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where Overnight Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate 
and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date:  
 
and rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place (with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards), plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent, where: 
Compounded Index means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 3:00 
p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
Compounded Index End means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period); 
Compounded Index Start means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 76 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
76 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
Numerator means 360, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms but, unless otherwise 
specified, shall be five; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being applicable and Observation Shift 
had been specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, and 
where the Observation Shift Period shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant 
Number. 
If the Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment Date, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note 
held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full 
nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such

--- Page 77 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
77 
 
 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 78 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
78 
 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−

+
−

=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts

--- Page 79 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
79 
 
 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c), by the Agent or the Reference Banks Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
(e) 
Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 5(e) applies only to Notes where Benchmark Replacement is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and where (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) Term Rate is 
specified as the Type of Rate in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with the Issuer's 
agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and 
notify the Agent no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Reset

--- Page 80 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
80 
 
 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date) for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5(e)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner agree has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner agree is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
which (if any) rate has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in 
respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that 
there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page five Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable) in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Original Reference Rate 
and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(b) and (c) will continue to 
apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent 
Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(e); 
(iv) 
(subject as provided in Condition 5(e)(vii) below) if a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page is determined 
in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and 
the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5(e)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that (A) an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate;

--- Page 81 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
81 
 
 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with 
the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes 
(Benchmark Amendments) to these Conditions (including, without limitation, the 
Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business 
Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of 
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes) and/or the Agency 
Agreement, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which Benchmark 
Amendments shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods 
(as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(e)) and the 
Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours 
to implement any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of 
an agreement supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement) and the Agent 
shall not be liable to any party for the consequences thereof; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Reset 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date following the determination of 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any Benchmark 
Amendments pursuant to sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) above to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders and until the Agent has been so 
notified the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 5(b) and (c) will continue to apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no Benchmark 
Amendments will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(e), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of 
the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating a future Reset Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), if in the Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5(e), the Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer 
shall direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
The relevant Benchmark Amendments shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities unless 
such party consents. In connection with the implementation of any Benchmark Amendments the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.

--- Page 82 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
82 
 
 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines should be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result 
of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or 
option provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula 
or methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect 
to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its subsidiaries); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will (on or before a specified date) cease 
publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the date specified in (i); or 
(C) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been or will (on 
or before a specified date) be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means that such Original Reference Rate will (on 
or before a specified date) be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes and 
(ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will (on or before a 
specified date) no longer be representative of an underlying market and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); or

--- Page 83 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
83 
 
 
(F) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
CRD means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013 (or, as the case may be, 
any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced 
from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) 
to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
CRD V Directive means Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRR means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as incorporated in Norway through Section 
2 of the Norwegian regulation of 22 August 2014 no. 1097 on CRR/CRD IV (Nw. Forskrift 22. august 
2014 nr. 1097 om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by the CRR II); 
CRR II means Regulation 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation 575/2013, and Regulation 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer; 
Original Reference Rate means, for the purpose of this Condition 5(e), the originally-specified 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes (or, if applicable, any other successor or alternative rate (or component part 
thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this Condition 
5(e));

--- Page 84 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
84 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related Alternative Relevant Screen Page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement - Benchmark Transition 
This Condition 5(f) applies only to Floating Rate Notes where Benchmark Replacement is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Overnight Rate is specified as the Type of Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Benchmark 
Replacement which will replace such Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject 
to any subsequent application of this Condition 5(f) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement) 
and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
cannot agree upon the Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes by no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) then the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine the Benchmark Replacement and 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. If the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine 
a Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes on the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(c) will continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (1) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(f). 
Any Benchmark Replacement determined as aforesaid shall have effect for any subsequent 
determinination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further application of this Condition 
5(f) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement), subject, if any associated Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes are required in connection therewith, to such Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes becoming effective in accordance with the following provisions.  
(2) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes

--- Page 85 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
85 
 
 
If the Independent Adviser (with Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) (as the case may be), considers it is necessary to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) shall 
determine the terms of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and shall, subject to giving 
notice in accordance with Condition 5(f)(4) (but without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders), vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
The Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to implement any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of an 
agreement supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement) and the Agent shall not be liable to 
any party for any consequences thereof. 
The relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall not impose more onerous 
obligations on the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional 
duties or liabilities unless such party consents. In connection with the implementation of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(f), if in the Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5(f), the Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer 
shall direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(3) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 86 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
86 
 
 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to any Interest 
Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
the case may be) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later of 
(i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the 
date on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than the customary or scheduled time for publication of the relevant 
reference rate in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of 
such reference rate or, as the case may be, of the other relevant information service publishing such 
reference rate, on, the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to such time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); 
or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of

--- Page 87 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
87 
 
 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is 
no longer representative; 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the Original Reference Rate; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the 
ISDA Definitions) to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Original Reference Rate;  
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the latest 
version of the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;  
Original Reference Rate means, for the purpose of this Condition 5(f), the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Transition Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any benchmark used in any 
Benchmark Replacement which has replaced it (the Replacement Benchmark)) has been replaced by 
a (or a further) Replacement Benchmark and a Benchmark Transition Event subsequently occurs in 
respect of such Replacement Benchmark, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall be deemed to 
include any such Replacement Benchmark); 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(4) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
following the determination of any Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes give notice thereof (including the effective date of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders and until 
the Agent has been so notified the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for 
in Condition 5(c) will continue to apply. 
(5) 
Regulatory safeguard 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(f), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted and no Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 5(f) if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as:

--- Page 88 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
88 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at 
the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne 
or Wellington, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph 8(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter.

--- Page 89 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
89 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 90 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
90 
 
 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(v) 
the Residual Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms.   
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any

--- Page 91 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
91 
 
 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Norway or any authority 
therein having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(ii) 
in case of Dated Subordinated Notes, the effect of such obligation is material to the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than a Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in

--- Page 92 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
92 
 
 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during 
the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), if Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.   
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by, if this Note 
is in definitive form, this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (b) and (j) and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in 
a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where:

--- Page 93 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
93 
 
 
RP 
means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
Subject as provided in Condition 7(i) the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike.  Such Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
(g) 
Cancellation 
Subject as provided in Condition 7(i), all Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 
(f) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(iii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(i) 
Consent

--- Page 94 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
94 
 
 
This Condition 7(i) applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes where this Condition 7(i) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (Restricted Senior Preferred Notes) (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (ii) Dated Subordinated Notes. 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 7(f), substitution or variation 
under Condition 7(l) (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or substitution or variation under 
Condition 7(m) (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
shall take place without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (in each case, if, and to 
the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations).  In addition, in respect 
of any redemption of Dated Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(j) only, and except to 
the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may only redeem the Dated 
Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of redemption 
was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes. For the avoidance 
of doubt, redemption of Notes under Condition 7(a) or repayment pursuant to Condition 10, shall not 
require the consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
(j) 
Redemption of Dated Subordinated Notes upon Capital Event 
This Condition 7(j) applies only to Dated Subordinated Notes and references to Notes and 
Noteholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 7(i), 
if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notices shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Dated Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
7(e), together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon 
the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred. 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance and/or the Relevant Regulator from time to 
time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law 
and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries). 
A Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Dated Subordinated Notes are either partially or fully excluded 
from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of the Subordinated 
Notes pursuant to Article 64 of the CRR (or any equivalent or successor provision) shall not comprise 
a Capital Event. 
(k) 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon MREL 
Disqualification Event

--- Page 95 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
95 
 
 
This Condition 7(k) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where this 
Condition 7(k) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to Notes 
and Noteholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 7(i), 
if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time (if this Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) redeem 
all (but not some only) of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(e) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred. 
 
MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
excluded or partially excluded from the eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused 
by (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount 
of eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(l) 
Substitution or Variation – Dated Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(l) applies only to Dated Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(l) is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to Notes, Noteholders and 
Couponholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 19, from 
Norwegian law to English law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself 
give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent 
with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 19 to English law 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect 
of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not 
less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the

--- Page 96 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
96 
 
 
issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such 
variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may 
be, (ii) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution 
or variation, as the case may be, (iv) comply with the then current requirements of the 
Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (v) preserve any existing rights under 
the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (vi) 
where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating from a 
rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such rating 
agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published rating to the relevant Qualifying Subordinated Securities, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to a change in the governing law of Condition 19 to 
English law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19; 
and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 7(m) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where 
this Condition 7(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to 
Notes, Noteholders and Couponholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of 
Condition 19, from Norwegian law to English law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are 
inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Qualifying MREL Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 19 to English law 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of 
two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less 
than five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue 
of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, 
as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (A) have a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (B) have 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (C) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, 
as the case may be, (D) comply with the then current requirements in relation to 
eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable 
MREL Regulations, (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the

--- Page 97 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
97 
 
 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (F) where Notes which 
have been substituted or varied had a published rating from a rating agency 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such rating agency has 
ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to 
the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities, unless any downgrade is solely attributable 
to a change in the governing law of Condition 19 to English law in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(n) 
Clean-up call (Issuer Residual Call) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), if (a) Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and (b) 
at any time after the Issue Date the Relevant Percentage or more of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 
16 so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes will be deemed to have been 
originally issued) has been redeemed, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time and at the Residual Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred.  
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Condition 8(b) below, all payments of principal and interest in respect 
of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the 
Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 98 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
98 
 
 
(ii) 
presented for payment by more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(e)).  
As used in these Conditions the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
This Condition 8(b) shall only apply to (i) Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes where this Condition 8(b) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (ii) Dated Subordinated Notes. Notwithstanding the generality of Condition 8(a), the 
obligation to pay additional amounts will be limited to payments of interest. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years 
(in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any Senior Preferred Note: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes or any of them and in the case of interest that default 
continues for a period of seven days; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure 
continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the 
Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
any payment obligation under any indebtedness (including deposits) of the Issuer or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of 
an event of default (howsoever described) or the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any indebtedness (including 
deposits) within 30 days of the due date for payment (or within the applicable grace 
period, if such period is longer than 30 days) or any security given by the Issuer or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any indebtedness (including deposits) becomes 
enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in 
making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation 
to any obligation of any other person for 30 days (or within the applicable grace 
period, if such period is longer than 30 days), PROVIDED that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness (including deposits) or other 
relative liability either alone or when aggregated with other indebtedness (including 
deposits) and/or liabilities relating to all (if any) other events which shall have 
occurred and be outstanding shall amount to at least €10,000,000 (or its equivalent in

--- Page 99 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
99 
 
 
any other currency) and PROVIDED further that, for the purposes of this Condition 
10(a)(iii), neither the Issuer nor any of its Principal Subsidiaries shall be deemed to 
be in default with respect to any such indebtedness (including deposits), guarantee or 
indemnity if it shall be contesting in good faith by appropriate means its liability to 
make payment thereunder; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes 
of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, 
or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they 
fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or 
other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in 
relation to the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, 
or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against 
the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in 
any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within l4 
days; or 
(vii) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement 
with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened 
to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors), 
then, if the applicable Final Terms specify this Condition 10 as being applicable, any holder of a Senior 
Preferred Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon 
the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Senior Preferred Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(e)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Principal Subsidiary at any time shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer inter alia: 
(A) 
whose gross revenues attributable to the Issuer (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues 
attributable to the shareholders of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference

--- Page 100 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
100 
 
 
to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the 
Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary; 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by the Auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was 
or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period of a Principal Subsidiary shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 10 is not applicable in respect of any 
Senior Preferred Notes, there are no events of default in relation to such Notes.  
There are no events of default in relation to Dated Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg upon payment by the claimant of such costs 
and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(d).  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent.

--- Page 101 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
101 
 
 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, 
www.luxse.com.  It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial 
Times in London and the Luxembourger Wort in Luxembourg.  The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading and the 
rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority).  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on 
which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any 
of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to 
the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes 
or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes

--- Page 102 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
102 
 
 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2, 3 and 19) and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2, 3, 19 and 20 are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts 
of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and 
the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes and the Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any 
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 103 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
103 
 
 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. at its registered office at 8th Floor, 
100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, England as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, 
in the event of The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Proceedings.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
19. 
AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF THE BAIL-IN POWERS 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 19, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by 
its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability 
arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and 
result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on 
which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In this Condition 19: 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, 
relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of Directive 2014/59/EU as amended or replaced 
from time to time (and including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 48 of Directive 2014/59/EU) 
and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares,

--- Page 104 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
104 
 
 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period);  
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; and 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.  
20. 
AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF STAY POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, 
each Noteholder: 
(i) 
acknowledges and accepts that the rights and obligations under any Note may be 
subject to the exercise of the Stay Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by any Stay Powers; 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that a suspension or restriction under Article 33a, Article 
69 or Article 70 of the BRRD shall not constitute non-performance of a contractual 
obligation of the Issuer in relation to any Notes for the purposes of paragraphs 1 and 
3 of Article 68 and Article 71(1) of the BRRD and each Noteholder acknowledges 
and accepts to be bound hereof; 
(iii) 
acknowledges and accepts that a crisis prevention measure or a crisis management 
measure taken in relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD shall not, per se, 
be deemed to be an enforcement event or as insolvency proceedings and each 
Noteholder acknowledges and accepts to be bound hereof; 
(iv) 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the provisions of Article 68 of BRRD; 
(v) 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the Relevant Resolution Authority’s 
exercise of ancillary powers pursuant to Article 64(1)(f) of BRRD; and 
(vi) 
acknowledges and accepts that (i)-(v) above are exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder. 
In this Condition 20: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU as amended or replaced from time to time (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Stay 
Powers in relation to the Issuer; 
Stay Legislation means Article 33a, Article 69, Article 70 and Article 71 of the BRRD and any 
provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing Article 33a, Article 69, Article 70 and 
Article 71 of the BRRD; and 
Stay Powers means any suspension of any payment or delivery obligation, the restriction of 
enforcement of any security interest, the suspension of any termination right or similar or related power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, relating to the Stay Legislation as amended or

--- Page 105 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
105 
 
 
replaced from time to time and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which certain contracts of a regulated entity can be subject to the suspension of any payment or 
delivery obligation, the restriction of enforcement of any security interest or the suspension of any 
termination right.

--- Page 106 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
106 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in the case of paragraph (a) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in the case of 
paragraph (b) below) from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, for its general 
business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, to finance or re-finance, in 
whole or in part, Green Loans pursuant to a framework relating to investments in Green Loans 
and the issuance of Green Bonds which at such time has been published by the Issuer and 
made available on the Issuer’s website and which is in effect at the time of issuance of the 
Green Bonds (the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework). The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 
is available on the following website: https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/sparebanken6a2b-spvno-
production-d324/media/Investor-relations/IR-dokumenter/Green-Bond-
Programme/2023/Green_Bond_Framework_2023.pdf.  
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework defines which loans, credit and investment that are eligible to be funded 
by the proceeds from Green Bonds. Such eligible loans, credit and investment are referred to as Green Loans.  
To qualify as Green Loans, the loans must meet at least one of the eligibility criteria outlined in the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework. The various eligibility criteria are based on the objectives of the EU Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) as well as the EU Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 of the European Parliament and the Council of 18 June 2020 (the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Regulation). Pursuant to the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, Green Loans would consist of loans 
to finance new or existing energy efficient residential or commercial buildings in Norway, as well as new or 
existing hydropower in Norway meeting specific requirements, aligning with the UN sustainable developments 
goals 7 and 9 together with the EU environmental objective of climate change mitigation.  
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds to a portfolio of 
Green Loans that meet the eligibility criteria set out above (such portfolio, the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio). 
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio that 
matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. Eligible Green Loans will 
be added to or removed from the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to the extent required. While the net proceeds 
of any Green Bond remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury 
liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments, the balance of net proceeds not yet 
allocated to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio.  
The Issuer intends to make and keep readily available on its website Green Bond reporting after a year from 
issuance, to be renewed annually until the maturity of the outstanding Green Bonds. The Issuer has obtained a 
second-party opinion on the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework from Moody’s Investor Services (the Second 
Party Opinion), which on 27 June 2023 assigned an SQS1 Sustainability Quality Score (excellent) and 
confirmed alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (including the June 2022 Appendix 1). The 
Second Party Opinion is available on the following website: https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/sparebanken6a2b-
spvno-production-d324/media/Investor-relations/IR-dokumenter/Green-Bond-
Programme/2023/Sparebanken-Vest_Moodys-2023.pdf. 
None of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any public reporting by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
107 
 
 
SPAREBANKEN VEST 
HISTORY  
Sparebanken Vest (the Bank) is an independent banking and financial services group based in Bergen in the 
Kingdom of Norway (Norway).  The Bank is the second oldest savings bank in Norway, and its history goes 
back to 1823 when Bergen Sparebank was established. Sparebanken Vest was established on 1 October 1982 
when Bergen Sparebank merged with 12 other savings banks in the Vestland county of Norway.  The Bank 
has its head office in Bergen, the second largest city in Norway, and operates 36 branches and offices in the 
counties of Vestland, Rogaland and Møre og Romsdal.   
The Bank is registered as a savings bank in Norway with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway under 
number NO 832 554 332 and its headquarters are located at Jonsvollsgaten 2, 5011 Bergen, Norway, telephone 
number +47 91505555. The Bank’s website is https://www.spv.no, and does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
The Bank operates under the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 2015 and is under the supervision of 
the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway. 
As of 30 June 2024, Sparebanken Vest group (the Group) employed 797 full-time employees. 
The equity certificates of Sparebanken Vest have been listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange since January 1995.  
The Bank carries a long-term debt rating of Aa3 with a stable outlook and a short-term debt rating of P-1 from 
Moody's.  
Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended). As such Moody’s is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such Regulation. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES 
The Group consists of the Bank and two main subsidiaries: 
• 
Eiendomsmegler Vest AS, a major real estate broker company in the Bergen area; and 
• 
Sparebanken Vest Boligkreditt AS, a covered bonds company established in May 2008 for issuing 
covered bonds pursuant to Norwegian covered bonds legislation. 
COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY IN WESTERN NORWAY 
The economy in the two counties in which the Bank has its operations, Vestland (formerly Hordaland and 
Sogn & Fjordane counties) and Rogaland, are well diversified and the region derives its major revenues from 
primary industry, especially fish farming and fishing, oil related activities, tourism and trade and commerce.  
The Bank's service area, and Norway as a whole, have demonstrated economic strength in recent years, 
supported by low unemployment and solid economic activity. This resilience has persisted even in the face of 
recent challenges such as heightened inflation and increased interest rates. 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Bank's primary function is to supply financial and insurance services to users in the western part of 
Norway.  The Bank provides a full range of banking products and services to its retail customers and small 
and medium-sized corporate customers.  These include deposits, loans as well as cash management services. 
The Bank also distributes and sells a wide range of insurance and savings-related products, such as mutual 
fund products, to its customer base. These products are supplied by the Frende insurance companies, Norne 
Securities and Brage Finans, as described below.

--- Page 108 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
108 
 
 
MARKET POSITION 
The information set out below is derived from Sparebanken Vest’s second quarter interim report for 2024.  
Sparebanken Vest has maintained its strong position in the retail market. As of 30 June 2024, the Bank had 
more than 325,000 retail customers.  
Loans to retail customers constituted 76.3 per cent. of the Bank's lending portfolio, corresponding to NOK 
208.2 billion at 30 June 2024 (compared to NOK 183.0 billion at 30 June 2023). As of 30 June 2024, 
Sparebanken Vest had close to 49,658 corporate customers and gross lending to the corporate market amounted 
to NOK 64.7 billion (compared to NOK 58.1 billion at 30 June 2023).  
The Bank has its highest market share in Vestland county (formerly Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane counties) 
where it has been operating for many years, and a lower market share in Rogaland county and in Møre og 
Romsdal county. 
In Sparebanken Vest's region the competition consists mainly of at least one nationwide competitor, as well as 
smaller local savings banks. 
STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES 
Sparebanken Vest's vision is that "everything we do, we do to make life in Western Norway better". The Bank 
strives to be a driving force of the community and industries in Western Norway, creating value for its 
customers, regional and local communities, investors, equity certificate holders and employees. The Bank’s 
goal is to be a full service bank providing banking and insurance products to its customers though all channels 
(call-centre, internet banking, mobile banking and branch offices). 
In 2019, Sparebanken Vest introduced the first Norwegian sole mobile bank called Bulder Bank. Bulder Bank 
is a Sparebanken Vest brand and thus not a separate entity with a separate banking licence. The Bulder Bank 
brand is used for targeting customers outside our market area in Norway. In the retail market, the Bank's 
objective is to maintain its leading market position by serving the largest number of customers in its market 
area and providing its retail clients with lifelong banking and financial services.  The Bank constantly strives 
to enhance the services it offers to its customers with respect to deposits, loans and payments. At the same 
time, due to the increased use of mobile and internet based applications, the degree of self-service continues 
to rise amongst the Bank’s customers. 
Customers are increasingly inclined to make their purchases with payment cards and are benefiting from the 
ability to pay bills through the mobile banking application or using the NettBank (Internet) service.   
The Bank owns 40.26 per cent. of Frende Holding. Frende Holding manages the ownership of its wholly owned 
subsidiaries Frende Skadeforsikring and Frende Livsforsikring. The insurance undertakings offer a complete 
range of products to the corporate and retail markets. Frende Holding is owned by 21 independent savings 
banks, in addition to three Varig companies. The Bank is co-owner of Norne Securities AS together with 12 
other independent savings banks in Norway, as well as some employees of Norne.  Norne started its internet 
brokerage service in February 2009.  The Bank holds 41.81 per cent. of the shares in the holding company 
Norne Securities AS.  In 2010 the Bank, together with the same group of savings banks, established a leasing 
company called Brage Finans AS, in which the Bank holds 49.99 per cent. of the shares.  
Sparebanken Vest, along with its co-owners in Frende Holding, established the Frende Group in 2023. Its goal 
is to represent a strong alternative to close alliance cooperation. The Frende Group aims to make it more 
attractive to be part of the product collaboration that includes Frende, Brage and Norne. 
The Bank also is co-owner of Balder Betaling AS (Balder), which was established in the first quarter of 2017. 
Balder is a company that, among other things, exercises ownership of the mobile payment system Vipps on 
behalf of Sparebanken Vest and other savings banks that are also among the owners of Frende Forsikring. 
Balder has a holding of 10.6 per cent. in Vipps, and Sparebanken Vest is the largest owner of Balder with an 
ownership interest of 38.5 per cent.

--- Page 109 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
109 
 
 
Fisheries, fish-farming, oil exploration and production and shipping are important sectors of activities in 
Western Norway. The Bank has a long track-record of dealing with the biggest and most important corporate 
customers in these sectors, and does so through its corporate market division at its headquarters in Bergen.  
The Bank distributes mutual fund products of other suppliers.  In the area of unit trust saving, the Bank has 
distribution agreements with Odin Forvaltning AS, Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS, Danske Invest Asset 
Management, Holberg Forvaltning AS and BNP Paribas Asset Management.  
The Bank has a large customer base, a strong capital base, a good standing and reputation in the market, a 
broad range of products, a loyal and competent workforce and strong local roots. 
Sparebanken Vest maintains a high profile as a responsible contributor to society by allocating part of its profit 
as a gift for the public benefit as well as customer dividends. 
Sparebanken Vest actively ensures that its activities are compatible with global sustainability. The Bank has 
undertaken to comply with the Poseidon Principles and UNEP FI Responsible banking, in addition to 
endorsing the UN Global Compact. Sparebanken Vest works constantly to combat money laundering and 
financing of terrorism as an integral part of the Bank’s corporate social responsibility strategy.   
Asset/loan Structure 
Gross lending as of 30 June 2024 was NOK 272.9 billion, an increase of NOK 31.8 billion compared to 30 
June 2023 (NOK 241.1 billion). Out of gross lending, loans to the retail market amounted to NOK 208.2 billion 
(compared to NOK 183.0 billion as of 30 June 2023), NOK 148.4 billion of which have been transferred to 
Sparebanken Vest Boligkreditt. Gross lending to the corporate market amounted to NOK 64.7 billion 
(compared to NOK 58.1 billion as of 30 June 2023). 
Total deposits from customers amounted to NOK 134.2 billion as of 30 June 2024 (compared to NOK 123.7 
billion as of 30 June 2023). Deposits break down as follows: NOK 78.3 billion (compared to NOK 67.5 billion 
as of 30 June 2023) from retail customers and NOK 55.9 billion (compared to NOK 56.2 billion as of 30 June 
2023) from corporate customers. 
LOANS BY SECTOR AND INDUSTRY5 
The table below sets out the Bank's loans broken down by sector and industry for the periods specified6: 
 
Gross loans 
As of 30 June 2024 
As of 30 June 2023 
 
NOK thousand 
NOK thousand 
Primary industries  
12,893 
10,319 
Manufacturing and mining  
4,346 
4,308 
Power and water supply  
2,951 
2,477 
Building and construction  
7,491 
7,104 
Commerce  
3,218 
3,262 
International shipping and pipeline transport  
7,651 
8,562 
Hotel and restaurants  
688 
655 
Property management  
20,319 
17,177 
Services  
4,659 
3,767 
Municipal/public sector  
62 
64 
Other financial corporations  
445 
421 
Total corporate sector  
64,724 
58,116 
Retail customers  
208,188 
182,962 
Gross loans to customers  
272,912 
241,078 
 
5 All amounts are related to the Sparebanken Vest corporate group including Sparebanken Vest Boligkreditt AS. 
6 All amounts in the table below are in NOK million.

--- Page 110 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
110 
 
 
Asset quality/bad debt analysis 
Sparebanken Vest was one of the few large banks that went through the bank crisis in Norway in the late 1980s 
and early 1990s without any financial help from the Savings Banks' Guarantee Fund. Management believes 
this was a result of both sound credit policy and the right strategic choices. Sparebanken Vest still has a high 
percentage of its lending portfolio with retail customers, and banks generally face lower losses in this segment. 
As of 30 June 2024, defaults and other potential bad debt for the corporate market amounted to NOK 1.023 
billion (compared to NOK 1.135 billion as of 30 June 2023). The reduction is due to completed restructuring 
and the recovery of a large exposure, as well as the final termination of commitments to some companies that 
went into liquidation. Good portfolio management and moderate exposure in industries vulnerable to cyclical 
fluctuations help to reduce the risk of loss. The level of model-based provisions is considered robust overall. 
For the retail market, defaults and other potential bad debt amounted to NOK 301 million as of 30 June 2024 
(compared to NOK 295 million as of 30 June 2023). This corresponds to 0.14 per cent. (compared to 0.16 per 
cent. as of 30 June 2023) of gross lending to the retail market. The development follows the same trend as 
before, supporting low risk in the portfolio. Write-downs on loans and guarantees taken against income 
amounted to NOK 25 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared to NOK 29 million in the second quarter 
of 2023.  
Defaults and other potential bad debts, Q2 2022- Q2 20247 
In NOK million 
 
 
30 June 2024 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2022 
Loans in default more than 90 days 
586 
677 
613 
Other potential bad debt 
738 
753 
858 
Total defaults and potential bad debt 
1324 
1430 
1470 
- individual write-downs on loans 
-393 
-411 
-455 
Net defaults and potential bad debt 
931 
1019 
1015 
Risk management 
As a financial institution, Sparebanken Vest has risk exposure both on its financial and its operational activities.  
The Bank has developed systems for monitoring operational risk, and has established a Risk Control Group to 
monitor all risks in the Bank and to perform continuous internal controls in accordance with current statutory 
regulations and international standards (EU/Basel II).  Credit risk is managed through the Board's guidelines 
for credit policy, risk profile and authorisations.  The guidelines are managed through established procedures 
for credit ratings, credit committees and reporting of risk classes. 
Sparebanken Vest was in 2007 granted permission from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway to use 
Internal Rating Based models in its risk management and measurement for capital adequacy. The Bank applied 
for the use of Advanced Internal Rating Based (AIRB) models for the commercial market in Q1 2013. In a 
letter of 9 February 2017, the Financial Supervisory Authority announced that Sparebanken Vest was granted 
approval to use the AIRB method to calculate regulatory capital requirements for credit risk. The approval 
applies to the corporate market. The bank has already been granted such approval for the retail market. 
 
7  
The table shows the recognised defaults and other potential bad debt, where the total reported is based on definitions pursuant to the 
 
Basel regulations (implemented in Norwegian law through “Forskrift om kapitalkrav for banker, kredittforetak, finansieringsforetak 
,holdingforetak i finanskonsern, verdipapirforetak og forvaltningsselskaper for verdipapirfond mv. chapter 10 ‘Misligholdte 
engasjementer’”) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.

--- Page 111 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
111 
 
 
Sparebanken Vest's foreign exchange activities are conducted according to policies and limits set by the Board.  
The interest rate risk is primarily caused by the Bank's holding of bonds based on the authorities' requirements 
regarding liquid reserves.  The interest rate risks are closely monitored and limits are set by the Board and 
reported on a monthly basis.  This risk has been moderate throughout the past years.  Investments in equity 
markets are at a low level in relation to the Bank's balance sheet figures. 
Source of funds 
The main sources of funds for Sparebanken Vest are customer deposits and the capital markets. The Bank has 
access to funds in the Norwegian and international markets both on a short and a long term basis.  The Bank 
also receives direct deposits from Norwegian and international banks and large Norwegian enterprises and 
also has access to the syndicate market.  As pricing and availability of funding in the domestic market has been 
favourable over the past year, a majority of the funding requirements have been covered in Norway.  For 
diversification purposes, Sparebanken Vest aims to increase its funding from international markets.  The Bank 
therefore established its Euro Medium Term Note Programme in 2001, and a covered bond subsidiary is 
operational and provides access to funding from a broader investor base. 
Capital adequacy 
 
 
Q2 2023 (%) 
Q3 2023 (%) 
Q4 2023 (%) 
Q1 2024 (%) 
Q2 2024 (%)  
Total Capital Ratio 
22.1 
21.1 
20.3 
21.5 
22.2 
Additional Tier 2 Capital 
2.0 
2.2 
2.0 
2.1 
2.5 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
1.5 
1.3 
1.5 
1.9 
1.9 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
18.6 
17.6 
16.8 
17.5 
17.8 
 
The Board annually discusses and decides the Bank’s risk and capital tolerance (ICAAP). As well as meeting 
all regulatory minimum and buffer requirements for Common Equity Tier 1 capital adequacy, the Board has 
decided that the Bank shall hold a margin on top of these requirements. The margin should be the highest of 
the estimated margin and the Pillar 2 Guidance decision by the Financial Supervisory Authority. In 2024, the 
margin equalled the Pilar 2 Guidance of 1.25 per cent.   
 
The bank measures capital adequacy in accordance with CRR II/CRD IV, which entered into force in Norway 
on 1 June 2022. These regulations contain several important aspects for the bank, such as an extension of the 
SME Supporting Factor, introduction of a minimum NSFR requirement, a new method to calculate 
Counterparty Credit Risk in derivatives, as well as regulations limiting the bank’s need to issue Senior Non-
Preferred debt to meet its MREL requirement. 
 
The combined buffer requirement consists of capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.), the systemic risk 
buffer (4.4 per cent.), the countercyclical buffer (2.5 per cent.) and the buffer for systematically important 
institutions (2 per cent.). The buffer requirements is met by CET1 capital. Sparebanken Vest is not defined as 
a systematically important financial instituion and thus, the buffer for systematically important institution does 
not apply.  
By 31 December 2023, the Bank received a Pillar 2 requirement of 1.5 per cent. Capital used to meet the Pillar 
2 requirement shall consist of a minimum of 56.25 per cent. CET1 and 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. Together 
with a combined minimum and buffer requirement of 14 per cent. and a Pillar 2-Guidance of 1.25 per cent., 
the Bank’s applicable CET1 requirement is 16.05 per cent. The Banks’s CET1 ratio was 17.8 per cent. by the 
end of Q2 2024 which means that the Bank had a margin of 1.75 percentage points to the requirement at Q2 
2024. 
The Bank aims to meet regulatory minimum requirements through maximum use of hybrid capital (1.83 per 
cent.) and supplementary capital (2.38 per cent.). As of 30 June 2024, the level of hybrid capital was 1.89 per

--- Page 112 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
112 
 
 
cent. and supplementary capital 2.53 per cent. The overall capital adequacy as of 30 June 2024 was 22.2 per 
cent. 
Since 1989, the Bank has never had a capital adequacy ratio lower than 8 per cent., and even during the banking 
crisis in Norway in the early 1990s the Bank never required any capital from the Savings Banks' Guarantee 
Fund. 
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT 
Sparebanken Vest is organised in accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act of 2015. 
The general meeting is the highest authority for the Bank and its role is to supervise the Board of Directors as 
it implements management strategy for the Bank. 
The general meeting has 48 members, consisting of four groups elected by depositors (16), municipalities (8), 
equity capital certificate holders (12) and employees (12). 
The Board consists of 10 members.  The members are elected for two years in accordance with the Bank's 
Articles of Association.  The Managing Director is not a member of the Board. 
The mandate of the Board of Directors is to develop and implement the strategies of the Bank. The Managing 
Director's mandate is to lead the Bank's day-to-day activities in accordance with the guidelines established by 
the Board of Directors. In addition, local bank councils have been established in six of the Bank's seven 
regions. 
The Bank observes the Norwegian Recommendations of corporate governance drawn up by the Norwegian 
Corporate Governance Board (NUES). 
The table below sets out the name, current position, year of appointment and business address for each of the 
members of the executive management team. 
 
Name 
Current position 
Year of 
appointment 
Business address 
Jan Erik Kjerpeseth 
CEO 
2013 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2  
5011 Bergen 
Siren Sundland 
Head of Technology and 
business strategy 
2024 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2  
5011 Bergen 
Frank Johannesen 
CFO 
2019 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2 
5011 Bergen 
Jan-Ståle Hatlebakk 
Head of Risk Management 
2019 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2 
5011 Bergen 
Olav Hovland 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Retail Market North 
2024 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2  
5011 Bergen 
Simen Løland Aarskog 
Head of Retail Market South 
2020 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2  
5011 Bergen 
Margunn Aas Minne  
Head of Corporate Market 
South 
2022 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2 
5011 Bergen

--- Page 113 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
113 
 
 
Therese Linn Arentsen 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Group Operations 
2024 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2 
5011 Bergen 
Simen Eilertsen 
Group Director Bulder 
2024 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2  
5011 Bergen 
Fredrik Giske-Nesslin 
Acting 
CEO 
of 
Eiendomsmegler Vest AS 
2024 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2  
5011 Bergen 
The Board of Directors of Sparebanken Vest consists of the following members, each having their business 
address at Jonsvollsgaten 2, 5011 Bergen, Norway, whose principal activities in and outside the Bank are as 
follows: 
 
Name 
Position in Board 
Other Principal Activities 
Arild Bøldal 
Chair 
Member of the Board since April 2011. 
Chair of the Board since March 2019. 
Currently manages his own investment and 
consultancy firm, and provides services in 
the areas 
of 
strategy 
and 
business 
development, 
asset 
management, 
acquisitions and industry consolidation, 
including at Norva 24. Also chair of the 
board and board member of a number of 
companies. From 1997 to 2015, he 
managed the Septik24 group, which is now 
a part of Norva24. Qualified as an 
authorised accountant from BI Norwegian 
Business School, holds a university college 
degree in business and administration and 
part of a master’s degree in business 
administration (MBA) from Heriot-Watt 
University. Further education from BI 
Norwegian 
Business 
School, 
the 
Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) 
and the Norwegian University of Science 
and Technology (NTNU) 
Magne Morken 
Deputy Chair 
Member of the Board since 2017. Deputy 
Chair from August 2019. Senior Vice 
Presiden - Dry Bulk at shipowner Westfal-
Larsen. Former CEO of Hansa Tankers 
Management AS, Managing Director of 
Solvang ASA and Senior Vice President at 
Nordea (Oslo/Stavanger/London). Master’s 
degree 
in 
business 
economics 
(siviløkonom) from the Norwegian School 
of Economics (NHH). Board member of 
SigCo, Bermuda. Former deputy chair of 
the board of Sandnes Sparebank and 
member of the board of Gard P&I Club and 
Norwegian Hull Club.

--- Page 114 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
114 
 
 
Gunnar Skeie 
Member 
Member of the Board since March 2016. 
General Manager of Sparebankstiftinga 
Hardanger. Former lawyer and partner in 
the law firm Advokatene Kvåle og Skeie 
ANS in Norheimsund. Has been acting 
court of appeal judge at Gulating Court of 
Appeal, 
lawyer 
affiliated 
with 
Kreditorforeningen in Bergen, assistant 
judge at the office of the chief local judge in 
Karmsund in Haugesund, assistant advocate 
with Advocate Tom Berge in Odda and 
legal adviser at Bergen Tax Office. Law 
degree from the University of Bergen. 
Member of the board of Kvam Kraftverk 
AS. Has previously held the offices of head 
of 
the 
control 
committee 
of 
Eiendomskreditt AS, head of the control 
committee 
of 
Voss 
Veksel 
og 
Landmannsbank AS and member of the 
board of Eiendomskreditt AS. 
Agnethe Brekke 
Member 
Member of the Board since August 2019. 
CFO of G2 Ocean AS. Former Regional 
Finance Manager at DOF Subsea, Vice 
President Financial Control and Group 
Accounting Manager at Odfjell Drilling, 
and 
Manager 
Assurance 
at 
PwC. 
Experience as member of the board of 
Tysnes 
Sparebank 
and 
member 
of 
Norwegian 
Hull 
Club’s 
supervisory 
committee. Master’s degree in business 
economics and state authorised public 
accountant, the Norwegian School of 
Economics (NHH). 
Mariann Vågned Reite 
Member 
Member of the Board since March 2024. 
Vågnes Reite holds a master’s degree in 
economics and business administration 
(siviløkonom) from the Norwegian School 
of Economics (NHH). She is a Senior 
Consultant at GAGN Consulting. Former 
CFO of Artec Aqua, Sølvtrans and 
PatoGen, and HR Director and Controller at 
Marine Harvest Norway. Member of the 
board of Devold Holding and Marno AS.  
Christine Sagen Helgø 
Member 
Member of the Board since March 2020. 
Since January 2020 she has been employed 
as Investment Director in Camar. From 
2011 to 2019 she was town Mayor in 
Stavanger. She has a law degree from the 
University of Bergen. Sagen Helgø has held 
a number of board positions, including 
Chairman of the Stavanger concert hall, 
Port of Stavanger and Greater Stavanger.

--- Page 115 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
115 
 
 
Marianne Dorthea Jacobsen Member 
Member of the Board since March 2017. 
CEO of Knowit Experience Bergen. 
Previously held positions as general 
manager, project manager and advisor on 
digitalisation, branding, innovation and 
user experience at Knowit, mainly within 
the banking & finance sector. Also a former 
customer adviser in Sparebanken Vest. 
Member of the board of Tide AS, as well as 
various nordic Knowit companies. Holds an 
MBA in Strategic Management from the 
Norwegian School of Economics (NHH), a 
master’s degree in Brand Management from 
Queensland University of Technology, 
Australia, as well as a bachelor’s degree in 
Economics 
from 
Leeds 
Metropolitan 
University, UK. 
Kristin Axelsen 
Representative of employees 
 
Gunn-Helen 
Magnussen 
Gripsgård 
Representative of employees 
 
Stig Standal Taule 
Representative of employees 
 
As far as is known to Sparebanken Vest, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the 
Bank of the respective members to the Board of Directors or management, and their private interests or other 
duties in respect of their management roles. 
AUDITORS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus Sparebanken Vest's external auditors are Deloitte AS, a member of Den 
norske Revisorforening (DnR). 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Sparebanken Vest’s equity consists of: equity capital certificates (ECC) which are publicly traded on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange, primary capital, the reserve for unrealised gains, other group equity and minority interests.  
ECCs are very similar to shares in a bank, being traded and taxed according to the same statutory provisions.  
As of 30 June 2024, the largest owner of ECCs in Sparebanken Vest was Sparebankstiftinga Hardanger which 
held 10.90 per cent. of the ECCs issued. The ten largest owners of ECCs in sum accounted for 42.53 per cent. 
of the ECCs issued.  
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Proposed Merger with Sparebanken Sør  
On 28 August 2024, the Issuer announced that the boards of directors of the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør, a 
Norwegian savings bank, had approved a plan for merging the two banks (the Proposed Merger). The Issuer 
will be the surviving entity and will thus acquire all of Sparebanken Sør’s assets, rights and liabilities upon the 
completion of the Proposed Merger. The aim is to complete the Proposed Merger within the second quarter of 
2025, upon which the Issuer will be rebranded to a name to be decided by the parties (the Combined Bank).  
Completion of the Proposed Merger is subject to a number of conditions, including the merger being approved 
by the respective general assemblies of Sparebanken Sør and the Issuer (which is being sought primo October

--- Page 116 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
116 
 
 
2024), as well as the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and the Norwegian Competition Authority 
granting the required permissions for completion without imposing conditions that significantly alter the 
assumptions that the merging parties have made under the merger plan.  
The Combined Bank will have head offices in Bergen and Kristiansand, and will become the largest savings 
bank in Norway measured in gross lending as of 30 June 2024.  
Completion of the Proposed Merger is expected to yield annual cost saving of approximately NOK 350-400 
million due to economies of scale. Further, capital efficiency will improve considerably by applying 
Sparebanken Vest’s IRB-model on Sparebanken Sør’s portfolio. Capital synergies of net NOK 2 billion have 
been estimated, in addition to the estimated effect of implementation of new standard method (CRR III) for 
Sparebanken Sør of NOK 2.1 billion.  
The Combined Bank aims for leading profitability with a return on equity target of above 13 per cent.. Strong 
profitability coupled with efficient capital structure will ensure continued basis for attractive dividends to 
equity certificate owners, customers and local societies. The Combined Bank will have an ECC ratio of 
approximately 40.4 per cent., in line with the current average ECC ratio of the merging banks.  
Recorded equity as of 30 June 2024 was NOK 15,607 million in Sparebanken Sør and NOK 21,710 million in 
Sparebanken Vest (excluding hybrid capital and minority interests). The banks have agreed an exchange ratio 
of 64.3 per cent. to Sparebanken Vest and 35.7 per cent. to Sparebanken Sør. The merger consideration for 
transferring all assets, rights and liabilities from Sparebanken Sør shall be ECCs in the Combined Bank, which 
will be issued to the ECC owners of Sparebanken Sør. Based on the agreed exchange ratio, Sparebanken Vest 
will issue a total of 59,895,314 ECCs as consideration for the ECC capital in Sparebanken Sør, meaning that 
one ECC in Sparebanken Sør is exchanged for 1.437 ECCs in Sparebanken Vest. 
Comparative statements made in the “Recent Developments” section of this Base Prospectus are based on 
combined gross lending as of 30 June 2024, including Brage Finans AS, compared to published numbers of 
Norwegian savings banks as of the same date.  
The target CET1 ratio of the Combined Bank will remain 16.05 per cent.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer that they or the Combined Bank will be able to meet any targets, in whole 
or in part or that any expectations or estimates will be achieved. Any forward looking statement or information 
in the “Recent Developments” section of this Base Prospectus, however expressed therein or herein, is not 
intended to be, and should not be regarded as, any guidance or a forecast. Investors are referred to the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements”.

--- Page 117 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
117 
 
 
TAXATION 
Norway  
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes.  Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes.  This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income or withholding tax.  
Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected 
with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.  
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are 
resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a Norwegian savings bank, the Issuer 
does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes issued by it. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or redemption 
of the Notes.  Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.  
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is 
effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.  
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following overview is of a general nature.  It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The information 
contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors 
in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or 
foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding

--- Page 118 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
118 
 
 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a 
resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of currently 20 per cent.  Such withholding 
tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course 
of the management of his/her private wealth.  Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the 
scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to withholding tax of currently 20 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 16 in "Terms and Conditions – 
Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes.  In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 119 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
119 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 120 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
120 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 1 October 2024 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 121 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
121 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway 
except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of not less than €l00,000 per investor; 
(b) 
to "professional investors" (in Norwegian: profesjonelle kunder) as defined in Section 10-6 in the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Section 
10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer;

--- Page 122 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
122 
 
 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
The Notes shall be initially recorded with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (formally named 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) in dematerialised form or in another central 
securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register the 
Notes pursuant to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act 2019-03-15 no. 6 and Regulation (EU) 
No 909/2014. However, that recording requirement does not apply if either (i) the Notes are denominated in 
NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the UK).  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of FSMA,

--- Page 123 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
123 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue of any Notes in circumstances in 
which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA).  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland  
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the prospectus requirement under the Swiss Financial 
Services Act (FinSA) if the Notes (i) have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) or more, and (ii) will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus as such term is 
understood pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection 
with the offering of the Notes.

--- Page 124 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
124 
 
 
Belgium    
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA 
 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 125 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
125 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised by resolutions 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 21 September 2023 and 19 December 2023.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus.  Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months (or, in the case of items (iii) and (iv) below, for a period of 10 years) following 
the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection from: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer  (https://www.spv.no/-
/media/Investor-relations/IR-dokumenter/Virksomhetsstyring/Vedtekter/2023/23_0322_Articles-of-
Association-per-22-March-2023_ren.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons 
and the Talons (https://www.spv.no/om-oss/investor-relations/obligasjonslan); 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (https://www.spv.no/om-oss/investor-relations/obligasjonslan); and 
(iv) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda supplements and Final Terms to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (https://www.spv.no/om-
oss/investor-relations/obligasjonslan). 
The Issuer does not publish audited interim financial statements. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records in relation thereto).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, neither Euroclear or Clearstream is a central securities depository which 
is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to 
register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014.

--- Page 126 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
126 
 
 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 30 June 2024 
and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Group since 31 
December 2023. 
Litigation  
The Group is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Group. 
Auditors 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte AS, authorised public accountants 
and a member of Den norske Revisorforening (DnR). Deloitte AS have audited the Issuer's accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in the Kingdom or Norway for each of 
the two financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest 
in the Issuer. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Some of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be 
calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were to be purchased at the 
Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. The Final Terms in respect of any Floating Rate Notes will 
not include any indication of yield.

--- Page 127 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
127 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2 
PO Box 7999 
N-5020 Bergen 
DEALERS 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Danske Bank A/S  
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
1577 Copenhagen V 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Taunusanlage 12 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
38, avenue Kléber 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
75116 Paris 
70173 Stuttgart 
France 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
Satamaradankatu 5 
75013 Paris 
FI-00020 Nordea Helsinki 
France 
Finland 
FISCAL AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB  
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Tjuvholmen alle 16 
One Bishops Square 
Postboks 1524 Vika 
London E1 6AD 
N-0117 Oslo

--- Page 128 ---
0013112-0000670 UKO2: 2008775133.13 
128 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte AS 
Lars Hilles gate 30  
PO Box 6013  
N-5008 Bergen 
Norway