--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus 
 
SPAR NORD BANK A/S 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company in Denmark) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Spar Nord Bank A/S (the “Issuer”, “Spar Nord Bank” or the “Bank”) may from time to 
time issue notes (the “Notes”), which may be (i) preferred senior notes (“Preferred Senior Notes”), (ii) non-preferred senior notes (“Non-Preferred Senior Notes”) or (iii) 
subordinated and, on issue, constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) (“Subordinated Notes”) as indicated in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below) or Pricing Supplement (as defined below), as applicable. Notes may be denominated in any currency (including euro) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,000,000,000, subject to any increase as described 
herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 6 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue of Notes or on an ongoing basis (each, a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”). References in this Prospectus to the “relevant 
Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by one or more Dealers, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. The Issuer has 
reserved the right to issue Notes to persons other than Dealers. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) 
of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to its official 
list (the “Official List”) and trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Prospectus to the Notes 
being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on 
the Regulated Market. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered 
to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Prospectus to 
“Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the 
“Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of the Issuer. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out 
in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”).  
The Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in uncertificated dematerialised book entry form and settled through either VP Securities A/S (the “VP”) (“VP Notes”) or 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (the “VPS”) (“VPS Notes”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Issuer has been rated A1 (long term unsecured rating) and P-1 (short term unsecured rating) by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (“Moody’s”).  
For the purposes of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”), the credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus 
have been issued by Moody’s. Moody’s is established in the EEA  and is registered under the CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Danske Bank 
Dealers 
Danske Bank 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
SEB 
Spar Nord 
Dated 23 December 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purposes of giving information 
with regard to the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Spar Nord Bank Group” or the 
“Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to 
enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part 
of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers and the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer 
or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer 
accordingly disclaim all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to 
above), which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. The Arranger and the 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
be considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should subscribe or purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of 
the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
issue of any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have 
represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this 
Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
EEA (including, for these purposes, Norway, Sweden and Denmark), the United Kingdom and Japan (see 
“Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended, (the 
“Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to US persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make 
a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms 
of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial markets; and (v) be able to 
evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and 
other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Managers (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this document to “U.S.$” and “US dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, those to “Sterling” and “GBP” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, those to “DKK” are 
to the lawful currency of Denmark, “CHF” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and those to “euro”, “EUR” 
or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (as amended from time to time). 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference 
to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant 
Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes will include a legend titled 
“MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purposes of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PURSUING LIQUIDATION OR BANKRUPTCY CLAIMS AGAINST THE ISSUER 
IN DENMARK 
The Issuer is incorporated in Denmark. If proceedings with respect to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer 
should occur, the holders of a relevant Series of Notes would be required to pursue their claims on such Notes in 
proceedings with respect to the Issuer in Denmark. To the extent that the relevant Noteholders are entitled to any 
recovery with respect to such Notes in any such Danish bankruptcy proceedings, such Noteholders would be 
entitled to a recovery in Danish Kroner. In the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than Danish Kroner, 
such recovery in Danish Kroner would be based on the relevant conversion rate of Danish Kroner to such currency 
in effect on the date the Issuer entered into such liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES ................................................................................................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 16 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 40 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................................. 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 64 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 112 
DESCRIPTION OF SPAR NORD BANK A/S AND THE SPAR NORD BANK GROUP ............................. 113 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES SETTLED THROUGH VP AND VPS
 ............................................................................................................................................................................ 140 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 142 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 145 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 150

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency (including 
euro), subject as set out herein. An overview of the Programme and the Conditions appears below. The applicable 
terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and 
will be set out in the Conditions incorporated by reference into the Notes, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, incorporated by reference into the Notes.  
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.sparnord.com/en/. The information on the website does 
not form part of this Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300DHT635Q5P8J715 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
or its equivalent (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
VP Issuing Agent for VP Notes: 
Spar Nord Bank A/S (being authorised by the VP to process and 
register issues in the system operated by the VP). 
VPS Issuing Agent for VPS Notes: 
Danske Bank A/S (being authorised by the VPS to process and 
register issues in the system operated by the VPS).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Programme size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement (as defined below). 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
Issue price: 
Notes shall be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued under the Programme in uncertificated 
dematerialised book entry form, settled through the VP (“VP 
Notes”) or through the VPS (“VPS Notes”) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. VP 
Notes and VPS Notes will be in dematerialised form and will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title. 
Ownership of VP Notes will be recorded in the book entry system 
maintained by VP and transferred through the securities settlement 
system maintained by VP. Settlement of the VP Notes may take 
place on either the VP settlement platform or on the TARGET2 
Securities (“T2S”) platform if the required conditions for T2S 
settlement as set out in VP’s settlement rules are fulfilled. The T2S 
platform provides harmonised and commoditised delivery-versus-
payment settlement in central bank money.  
 
Notes issued through VP will be negotiable instruments which are 
not subject to any restrictions on their free negotiability within 
Denmark. 
 
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded in the book entry system 
maintained by VPS and transferred through the securities settlement 
system maintained by VPS. Settlement of the VPS Notes will take 
place on the VPS settlement platform. Any such Notes settled on the 
VPS settlement platform must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 
March 2019 no.6 on Central Securities Depositories (the “CSD 
Act”), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (“CSDR”) 
into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable, the Norwegian 
Act on Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No.64 
(the “VPS Act”) and the rules of the VPS, in each case as amended 
or replaced from time to time, and the holders of such Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities 
which arise under the applicable legislation as well as the terms and 
conditions in effect from time to time of the VPS.  
Notes issued through the VPS will be negotiable instruments which 
are not subject to any restrictions on their free negotiability within 
Norway.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes may be Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes or Subordinated Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Preferred Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, and shall at 
all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(save for obligations which may be preferred by law, 
including obligations benefitting from a preferred ranking 
to the Preferred Senior Notes), present and future, without 
any preference by reason of priority of date of creation, 
currency of payment or otherwise as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer as regards the right to receive periodic payments on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes on issue will constitute Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes will constitute direct and unsecured debt 
obligations of the Issuer, and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, or any obligations pursuant to Section 98 of the 
Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant 
to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, and (c) any 
other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not 
creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of 
the Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes (in Danish: “kapitalbeviser”) on issue will 
constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer.  
Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and shall, subject to (A) 
the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in Section 
13(4) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Act 
on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses and/or 
(B) (upon the entry into force of Section 13(5) of the Danish Act on 
Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses) Section 
13(5) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Act 
on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses, at all 
times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of 
the Issuer which constitute Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and 
the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute Tier 1 Capital and (c) any other obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Issuer, (b) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the 
Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that 
are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations) and (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer 
other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Maturities: 
Notes may be issued having any maturity, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturity as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the Relevant Regulator or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
As at the date of this Prospectus: 
(i) 
the CRR provides that, to be treated as Tier 2 Capital, each 
Tranche of Subordinated Notes must have an original 
maturity of at least five years; and 
(ii) 
Section 13(3) of the Danish Act on Recovery and 
Resolution of certain Financial Businesses provides that, to 
rank as Non-Preferred Senior Obligations, each Tranche of 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have an original maturity 
of at least one year. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that in respect 
of Notes other than Exempt Notes either (i) all trades in Notes as 
well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum 
amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount as 
of the relevant date of issue in such other currency).  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and 
will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(“ISDA”)), or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA); or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR 
(subject, if applicable, to the benchmark replacement 
provisions in the Conditions) as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, 
in each case, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and interest will be payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial 
fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will 
be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap 
rate or a rate based on the yield for an identified government bond 
or certain government bonds (in each case relating to the relevant 
Specified Currency), and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Optional redemption (Issuer call): 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will 
state whether the relevant Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer and, if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption. Any such redemption shall be subject 
to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Conditions to redemption etc. 
prior to the Maturity Date).  
Redemption for tax reasons 
(Preferred Senior Notes only): 
In the case of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes only, early 
redemption will be permitted at the option of the Issuer for tax 
reasons as described in Condition 6(c)(i) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date). 
Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Tax Event (Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes only): 
In the case of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes only, early redemption will be permitted at the 
option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Tax Event as described 
in Condition 6(c)(ii) (Redemption for tax reasons), subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to 
the Maturity Date).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event (Subordinated 
Notes): 
In the case of a Series of Subordinated Notes only, redemption will 
be permitted at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event as described in Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(j) (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity 
Date). 
Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event (Preferred Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes only): 
In the case of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or a Series of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes only, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, early redemption will 
be permitted at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event as described in Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event), subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) 
(Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date). 
Substitution and variation 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
In the case of a Series of Subordinated Notes only, if a Capital Event 
and/or a Tax Event has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the 
Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Conditions 
to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date), at its option, 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of 
all (but not some only) of such Notes without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of such Notes, so that they 
become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Substitution and variation 
(Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes only): 
In the case of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or a Series of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes only, if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event and/or (in the case of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes) a tax 
event referred to in Condition 6(c)(i) or (in the case of a Series of 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) a Tax Event has/have occurred and 
is/are continuing, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6(j) (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity 
Date), at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of such 
Notes, so that they become or remain (in the case of Preferred Senior 
Notes) Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or (in the case of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as 
applicable. 
Negative pledge: 
None. 
Enforcement Events: 
There will be enforcement events relating only to non-payment 
(allowing a Noteholder to institute proceedings in Denmark in order 
to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder) and 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a 
Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. 
Meetings 
of 
Noteholders 
and 
modifications: 
The Notes contain provisions for convening and holding a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure, as 
described in further detail in Condition 12 (Decisions by

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Noteholders), Condition 13 (Noteholders’ Meeting) and Condition 
14 (Written Procedure) to consider matters affecting the interests of 
the holders of a Series of Notes generally. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all holders of such Series including 
holders of such Series who did not vote at the relevant meeting or 
reply in a Written Procedure and holders of such Series who voted 
or replied in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Issuer may also, subject to Condition 6(j) (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date), make any modification 
to the relevant Series of Notes which is not prejudicial to the interests 
of the holders of such Series without the consent of the holders of 
such Series. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders 
of such Series. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, 
in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer shall, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay Additional Amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Governing law and jurisdiction: 
Save as provided in the sentence that follows, the Conditions and the 
Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Danish law. If the Securities Depository is VPS, Conditions 3(b) 
(Transferability and Title) and 19 (Notices) are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
The courts of Denmark shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Conditions 
and the Notes. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) to be admitted to 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. A 
Series of Notes may also be unlisted or not admitted to trading on 
any market or may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. The 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling restrictions: 
For a description of restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States 
of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, Norway, Sweden 
and Denmark, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and this General Description of the Programme, in which 
event the relevant provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
RISK FACTORS                                                                                                         
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control.  The Issuer has identified in this Prospectus a number of factors 
which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section, unless otherwise stated. References to a numbered “Condition” shall be to the relevant Condition in the 
Conditions. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the general economic and geopolitical conditions in Denmark and internationally which may 
have a material adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
position or prospects 
The business activities and performance of Spar Nord Bank Group are dependent on the level of banking, finance 
and financial services required by its customers. In particular, levels of borrowing are dependent on customer 
confidence, employment trends, state of the economy, housing market and market interest rates at the time. As 
Spar Nord Bank Group currently conducts the majority of its business in Denmark, its performance is influenced 
by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Denmark, which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. 
Spar Nord Bank Group has no significant business in the United Kingdom, but the Spar Nord Bank Group has a 
number of financial counterparties in London that may be affected by the United Kingdom’s departure from the 
EU. In addition, the Spar Nord Bank Group’s agricultural customers and other business customers with exposure 
to or a trading relationship with the United Kingdom may be adversely affected by the new trading relationship 
between the EU and the United Kingdom under the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. 
A negative development in the general economic conditions in Denmark, such as a downturn in the economy, an 
increase in unemployment in Denmark or a reduction in the value of housing and other collateral provided to the 
Spar Nord Bank Group could have a material adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) may adversely impact the business and 
results of operations of the Spar Nord Bank Group, including the Issuer 
The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (“COVID-19”), which first emerged in the People's Republic of 
China in late December 2019 and since spread to other parts of the world (including Denmark), changed the 
outlook for the Danish economy. In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared COVID-19 to be a 
pandemic. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
government measures implemented to counter or limit the adverse impact of the outbreak, it is not possible to 
ascertain how long the outbreak of COVID-19 may last or how severe it will become. Currently, the number of 
COVID-19 cases is increasing in several European countries, and some restrictions have been reinstated.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Furthermore, new mutations and variants of COVID-19 have emerged. Such new mutations and variants may 
have an increased level of transmissibility, the ability to evade vaccines and cause more severe symptoms than 
the original strain of COVID-19 first detected in late December 2019. Consequently, the full impact that COVID-
19 may have on the Danish and global economy and the Spar Nord Bank Group, including the Issuer’s operations 
and prospects, is difficult to predict. 
The measures by various governments to reduce the spread of COVID-19 and the impact from the virus itself on 
everyday behaviour has led to a sharp decline in economic activity. There has been a significant drop in global 
consumption and travel and severe disruptions in global supply chains, resulting in the closure of a number of 
companies and rising unemployment. In combination with general uncertainty regarding the evolution and 
resolution of COVID-19, it has resulted in some volatility in financial markets, commodity markets and other 
markets and harm to the Danish economy and in particular to the economies to which many of the Group’s SME 
and corporate customers export their goods and services. 
Danish GDP fell by 2.1 per cent. in 2020. The EU-Commission’s “European Economic Forecast, Autumn 2021” 
(November 2021) expects Danish GDP to rise by 4.3 per cent. in 2021 as  it recovers from the economic slowdown 
caused by the spread of COVID-19 in 2020. According to the International Monetary Fund’s “World Economic 
Outlook” (October 2021), global GDP growth in 2021 is expected to grow by 5.9 per cent. and GDP growth in 
the advanced economies for 2021 is expected to rise by 5.3 per cent. 
The Group and the Issuer’s business is focused on the Danish market and on servicing Danish retail customers 
and SME customers in the local areas in which the Spar Nord Bank Group is represented. The Danish SME and 
corporate sector are very export driven. Consequently, the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak 
will have a negative impact on the Group’s SME customers - both from the decline in domestic consumption and 
investment activity as well as from the negative spill over effect from reduced consumption and economic activity 
in Denmark’s main trade partner countries.  
The financial strains for the Group’s SME customers caused by the COVID-19 pandemic are likely to increase in 
Denmark over the next year as the state compensation schemes expired during the second half of 2020 and the 
liquidity measures in the form of deferred taxes and VAT are due for gradual repayment starting the first half of 
2021, with the larger part due in 2022, and the smaller part of the deferred taxes due in February and May 2023. 
The deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and outlook have led to an increase in the Group’s credit 
impairments. The situation caused by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess, and the situation is changing 
rapidly. 
The commercial real estate market is an area which could be adversely affected if COVID-19 leads to long lasting 
or permanent shifts in behaviour. Property owners are dependent on tenants in retail, hotels, restaurants and service 
businesses, the majority of which have been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The long-term 
consequences for the travel and leisure industry are still far from known. 
If business clients, particularly the Group’s corporate customers in the manufacturing, retail, tourism, 
entertainment and service industries, including hotels and restaurants which due to the previously imposed 
temporary forced lockdowns, have been affected the most and which may be affected by new lockdowns, or home 
owners, are unable to repay their loans due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this could increase default rates and result 
in increased credit impairments that could potentially exceed the management’s estimate of COVID-19 related 
provisions. 
In December 2021, Denmark imposed measures to help combat the surge of COVID-19 infections in Denmark, 
including closing schools, theatres, cinemas, clubs, entertainment parks, as well as measures to limit large crowds 
in stores and shops. If Denmark sees a broad-based surge in the spread of COVID-19 (or possibly other contagious 
diseases) other and additional measures, including another lockdown of Danish society cannot be ruled out.  
Denmark’s vaccine rollout has been very effective so far. By early December 2021, 76 per cent. of the population 
had been fully vaccinated, and 15 per cent. had received an extra booster dose.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its business practices, including the imposition of 
restrictions on employee travel. The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to a shift in working patterns, with more 
people working from home on a regular basis and for extended periods of time. This has increased the level 
operational risk of the Spar Nord Bank Group, which could have a material adverse effect for the Bank.  
If Denmark, on a national or local level, experiences another wave of COVID-19 (or possibly other contagious 
diseases), or severe side effects from the vaccine programme or the vaccine does not work as intended, the Group 
may be required by authorities (or determine in the best interests of its employees, customers, partners or suppliers) 
to follow measures that could harm the Group’s ability to perform critical functions. Still there is no certainty that 
such measures and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) will be sufficient to mitigate the 
risks posed by COVID-19 or possibly other contagious diseases. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has implemented mitigating actions in order to handle the risk 
imposed by COVID-19 on its day-to-day operations. There is however no certainty that these actions will be 
sufficient in mitigating the risks posed by COVID-19 (or possibly other contagious diseases), nor that the effects 
will not themselves have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects. 
Credit risk related to borrowers, counterparties and customers of the Spar Nord Bank Group which may have 
an adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
Credit risk is the risk of loss that the Spar Nord Bank Group may incur as a result of borrowers or other 
counterparties of the Spar Nord Bank Group defaulting on their payment obligations, including the risks attaching 
to the Spar Nord Bank Group’s customers having financial difficulties, risks relating to large exposures and 
concentration risks that may occur in relation to the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business and risks attaching to 
granted, unutilised credit lines that may be provided by the Spar Nord Bank Group. Credit risk is also the risk that 
the Spar Nord Bank Group may be unable to assess the credit risk of potential borrowers or other counterparties 
and may provide loans and advances to customers that increase the Spar Nord Bank Group’s credit risk exposure 
more than intended. Credit risk is an inherent part of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business. Ordinary credit risk 
arises from the Issuer’s loan portfolio and from credit lines and guarantees. Furthermore, credit risk also includes 
settlement and counterparty risks. Settlement risk is the risk arising when payments are settled, for instance 
payments for currency transactions and trading in financial instruments, including derivatives. The risk arises 
when the Issuer transfers payments before it has attained full assurance that the counterparty has met all its 
obligations. Counterparty risk is the risk of loss as a result of a customer’s default of OTC derivatives and 
securities financing instruments. Credit risk also arises from credit investments in Spar Nord Markets in, for 
example, senior bonds of other highly rated financial institutions, securitisations consisting primarily of AAA 
residential mortgage backed securities. Market-related counterparty credit risk arises from financial instruments 
including fixed income, equity and other investments that the Spar Nord Bank Group owns or is in another way 
exposed to.  
The Issuer has received an order from the Danish FSA to verify all valuation models that the Spar Nord Bank 
Group uses for calculation of risk positions with respect to, inter alia, credit risk. The Issuer has agreed a plan for 
undertaking this verification with the Danish FSA, which will be ongoing until the end of 2022. 
There can be no assurance that the Spar Nord Bank Group will not suffer losses from credit risk in the future that 
may be material in amount which could have an adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results 
of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Market risk related to adverse developments in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest rates, credit 
spreads, foreign currency exchange rates and equity and commodity prices, which may have an adverse effect 
on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
The Spar Nord Bank Group faces market risks as an inherent part of its business. The Spar Nord Bank Group’s 
market risk relates to the risk of loss that the Spar Nord Bank Group may incur because of adverse developments

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency exchange rates and 
equity and commodity prices. The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Spar 
Nord Bank Group’s investment and trading portfolios as well as affect other areas of the operations of the Spar 
Nord Bank Group such as the availability of funding for the Spar Nord Bank Group. A significant part of the Spar 
Nord Bank Group’s market risk derives from changes in the value of its securities portfolio. 
Any fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and fixed income prices could 
have an adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects. 
Funding and liquidity risk related to funding costs, liquidity and refinancing risk, deposit withdrawal and 
access to funds which may have an adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects 
Liquidity risk is the risk of loss that the Spar Nord Bank Group may incur because funding costs become excessive, 
a lack of funding prevents Spar Nord Bank Group from fulfilling its business model or a lack of funding prevents 
the Spar Nord Bank Group from fulfilling its payment obligations. Refinancing risk is the risk of the Spar Nord 
Bank Group not being able to refinance maturing deposits, senior debt, covered bonds or other liabilities, or the 
risk that the refinancing cost will be so high that it will adversely affect net interest income of the Spar Nord Bank 
Group. 
Spar Nord Bank Group, being a financial intermediary, liquidity and refinancing risk is an inherent and 
unavoidable part of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s banking operations. Liquidity and refinancing risk of the Spar 
Nord Bank Group arises from funding mismatches in the balance sheet as the average duration of Spar Nord 
Bank’s loan portfolio is generally longer than the average duration of Spar Nord Bank’s funding sources.  
As a retail bank the Issuer receives a high portion of its funding from customer deposits, and therefore the Spar 
Nord Bank Group is also subject to the risk that its depositors could withdraw their funds at a faster rate than the 
rate at which the Spar Nord Bank Group’s borrowers repay their loans, thus causing liquidity strains for the Spar 
Nord Bank Group.  
Ready access to funds is essential to any banking business, including the Spar Nord Bank Group. If the Spar Nord 
Bank Group is unable to access funds or to access the markets from which the Spar Nord Bank Group raises funds, 
it could have an adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s ability to meet its obligations as they fall due and 
impede the Spar Nord Bank Group’s ability to finance its operations adequately. These and other factors could 
also lead creditors to form a negative view of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s liquidity, which could result in higher 
borrowing costs and decreased access to various funding sources for the Spar Nord Bank Group which could have 
an adverse effect on Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Risks related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Spar Nord Bank Group’s capital requirements, leverage 
ratio requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, liquidity requirements and/or REA which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects 
The capital requirements (the minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements, the additional own funds requirements 
or the individual solvency requirement/need and the combined buffer requirement (see “Description of Spar Nord 
Bank A/S and The Spar Nord Bank Group” – “2.1.5 Combined buffer requirement”)) applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Spar Nord Bank Group are, by their nature, calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of 
which or combination of which may not be easily observable or capable of calculation by investors. There can be 
no assurance that any of the minimum own funds Pillar 1 requirements, additional own funds requirements or 
buffer capital requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group will not be amended in the future to include 
new and more onerous capital requirements.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, minimum loss coverage for non-
performing loans (non-performing loan backstop), counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (the 
“CRR Amendment Regulation”) and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (the “CRD Amendment Directive”) introduce, among 
other things, a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. Tier 1 Capital, harmonised binding requirement for stable 
funding (the “Net Stable Funding Ratio” or “NSFR”) on 100 per cent., strengthening of the conditions for use 
of internal models and changes to the relevant regulator’s application of the institution specific “Pillar 2” capital 
add-ons (referred to above as the additional own funds requirements). The additional own funds requirement must 
be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. 
Furthermore, the CRD Amendment Directive authorises the relevant competent authority to require that the 
institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant institution). The 
CRD Amendment Directive also introduces a so-called “guidance on additional own funds” requirement, which 
sets a level and quality of CET1 capital the relevant credit institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall 
capital requirement. The guidance on additional own funds will be based on, inter alia, the stress tests performed 
in respect of the Issuer and the Spar Nord Bank Group. The CRR Amendment Regulation and CRD Amendment 
Directive entered into force on 27 June 2019. The date of application of the new rules varies from the date of their 
entry into force and 12 months to four years after their entry into force. On 22 December 2020, Act No. 2110 on 
Changes to the Financial Business Act the Recovery and Resolution Act of Certain Financial Undertakings, the 
Capital Markets Act and Cessation of the Act on Finansiel Stabilitet (changes as result of the revision of the 
Capital Requirements Directive (CRD V) and the Resolution and Recovery Directive (BRRD II) etc.) (the 
“BRRDII/CRDV Act”) was adopted by the Danish Parliament. The BRRDII/CRDV Act implements  the CRD 
Amendment Directive and the BRRD Amendment Directive (see “Risk factors relating to the Notes” – 
“Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD” – “The BRRD Amendment Directive”) into Danish law. The rules 
implementing the CRD Amendment Directive into Danish law, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 28 
December 2020. At the date of this Prospectus, it is still uncertain whether (and if so to what extent) the CRR 
Amendment Regulation and the CRD Amendment Directive will impose additional capital, liquidity and/or 
leverage requirements on the Issuer and/or Spar Nord Bank Group, which in turn may affect the Issuer’s capacity 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The European Banking Authority (“EBA”) and the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “Danish FSA”) 
will continue to propose detailed rules through binding technical standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or 
opinions in respect of many areas, including the CRR, the CRR Amendment Regulation, the CRD Directive and 
the CRD Amendment Directive. As a consequence, the Spar Nord Bank Group is subject to the risk of possible 
interpretational changes. Given the uncertainty of the exact wording of the technical standards, they could 
potentially lead to a reduction in the regulatory capital or an increase in the REA of the Issuer and the Spar Nord 
Bank Group. 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee published its recommendations named Basel III: Finalising post crisis 
reforms (informally referred to as “Basel IV”). The reforms contain new requirements for credit risk, operational 
risk, CVA risk and a so called output floor which sets new minimum standards for capital requirements in financial 
institutions using internal models for calculating capital requirements. On 27 October 2021, the European 
Commission published its proposal for a review of the CRR Regulation and the CRD Directive, implementing, 
inter alia, the Basel IV (the “Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal”). The Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal is now subject 
to the EU legislative procedure. The Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal introduces, inter alia, an output floor on 72.5 
per cent. of the standardised approach for calculating REA. The output floor will be gradually introduced from 1 
January 2025 over a period of 5 years. Spar Nord Bank Group’s REA will increase as a result of a European

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
implementation of Basel IV as set out in the Basel IV CRR/CRD Proposal. The exact amount with which the REA 
of the Spar Nord Bank Group will increase is currently unknown. 
There can be no assurance as to the relationship between any of the aforementioned or future incremental 
additional own funds requirements, the combined buffer requirement including as to the consequences for an 
institution, including the Issuer, of its capital levels falling below the combined buffer requirement, the additional 
own funds requirement and the minimum own funds requirement referred to above. If the regulatory capital 
requirements, leverage ratio requirements, liquidity restrictions or ratios applied to the Issuer and/or the Spar Nord 
Bank Group are increased in the future, any failure of the Issuer and/or the Spar Nord Bank Group to maintain 
such increased capital and liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects.  
Risks related to the operations, business and reputation of the Spar Nord Bank Group which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects  
Operational risk is understood as the risk of loss that the Spar Nord Bank Group may incur which results from 
inefficient or deficient internal procedures in the Spar Nord Bank Group, from human or systemic errors or from 
external events, including legal risks. Model risk, which is the risk of loss that the Spar Nord Bank Group may 
incur as a consequence of decisions based mainly on output from internal models and occurring due to errors in 
the development, implementation or use of such models, is also defined as operational risk. 
All activities of the Spar Nord Bank Group are subject to operational risk. Operational risks are categorized on 
the basis of the seven event types defined by Basel III: employment practices and workplace safety; external fraud; 
business disruption and systems failures; cybercrime attacks; internal fraud; clients, products and business 
practice; execution/delivery and process management; and damage to physical assets.  
The Spar Nord Bank Group’s business and other activities (including those performed by the Issuer), are 
increasingly dependent on highly advanced IT systems. The Group may be the target of malicious hacking 
resulting in the shutdown of individual or all of its IT systems. Consequences of a malicious hacker attack could 
include financial losses, business disruption, inability to service payments on time, loss of data or other sensitive 
information etc. 
The Issuer has, along with other large Danish banks and data centrals, undergone an IT inspection by the Danish 
FSA. The inspection performed in respect of the Issuer by the Danish FSA in the autumn of 2021 resulted in (i) 
orders to the Issuer to improve its procedures with respect to IT-risk, IT-security and IT-contingency and (ii) an 
increase to Spar Nord Bank’s additional own funds requirement of 0.1 percentage point. In response to this, the 
Spar Nord Bank Group has formed an internal project group which aims to ensure the Issuer’s compliance with 
the orders identified by the Danish FSA in its IT inspection. 
Business risk is the risk of loss that the Spar Nord Bank Group may incur caused by changes in external 
circumstances or events that harm the Spar Nord Bank Group’s image or operational performance. Business risk 
includes strategic risk and reputational risk. Strategic risk and reputational risk are the risks of loss that the Spar 
Nord Bank Group may incur due to external circumstances or events that could harm Spar Nord Bank’s reputation 
or affect its earnings negatively.  
Failure by the Spar Nord Bank Group to identify and manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on 
the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
Risks related to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, which could trigger enforcement actions by 
supervisory authorities, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The banking sector, which includes the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing and other regulatory enquiries 
to examine the resilience of banks to adverse market developments. Such stress tests are initiated and coordinated 
by the EBA, the Danish Central Bank and/or the national supervisors such as the Danish FSA. Stress tests and the 
disclosure of their results by supervisory authorities can influence the banking or the financial services sector and 
lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual banks or the financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of 
stress tests could materially and adversely affect the Group’s reputation and funding costs, as well as trigger 
enforcement action by supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress tests could also result in the Group having 
to meet higher capital and liquidity requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
In addition, stress tests could divulge certain information that would not otherwise have surfaced or which until 
then, the Group had not considered to be material and worthy of taking remedial action on. This could lead to 
certain measures or capital and funding requirements by supervisory authorities being imposed or taken, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s funding costs, business, results of operations, financial 
position or prospects. 
Risks relating to the Spar Nord Bank Group becoming involved in supervisory actions, litigation and regulatory 
investigations which may have an adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects  
The Spar Nord Bank Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant 
litigation and regulatory risks. As a result, the Spar Nord Bank Group is and may become involved in various 
disputes and legal proceedings in Denmark and other jurisdictions, including litigation and regulatory 
investigations. Further, the Spar Nord Bank Group’s banking and other operations, like those of other credit 
institutions, have been the subject of regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the Spar Nord Bank 
Group is subject to applicable anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws. The Danish Financial 
Supervisory Authority conducts on-going inspections from time to time of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s 
compliance with anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws, which can potentially lead to supervisory 
actions. The Spar Nord Bank Group has received orders from the Danish FSA to improve the following areas in 
respect of its anti-money laundering procedures: (i) know your customer (“KYC”) processes for customers with 
increased risk and the updating of KYC information on existing customers; and (ii) the IT-based control and 
monitoring system for overseeing changes in customer behaviour and the generation of control and monitoring 
alarms. The Bank has agreed with the Danish FSA that the Bank will review its process for onboarding of all 
customers and updating the KYC information on existing customers. The Bank has together with the provider of 
its IT-based control and monitoring system developed and improved the system for overseeing changes in 
customer behaviour and generation of control and monitoring alarms. Part of this new system has been integrated. 
These supervisory actions and any other supervisory actions, disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many 
uncertainties, and their outcomes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or 
investigation. Therefore, if the Spar Nord Bank Group become involved in supervisory actions, litigation and 
regulatory investigations it could have an adverse effect on Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects. 
Risks relating to the Spar Nord Bank’s participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund 
which may result in the Spar Nord Bank to incur additional costs 
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (each, a “Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme”) have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable to customers of 
financial services firms in the event that such financial services firm is unable to pay, or unlikely to pay, claims 
against it. Revised legislation regarding the Danish Deposit Guarantee Scheme redefines the Danish scheme as a 
premium based scheme funded by the banking sector itself, such that the participating banks’ (including the Issuer) 
payments into the scheme will be more stable every year in profit and loss terms. The calculation of premium will 
be based on each participating bank’s covered deposits and the relevant bank’s risk profile. The premium 
payments will stop when a target level of 0.8 per cent. of covered deposits has been reached. In addition, the Issuer 
contributes to the Danish resolution fund established as the Danish resolution financing arrangement under the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
BRRD, which capital must amount to 1.0 per cent. of the covered deposits of all Danish credit institutions by 31 
December 2024. The future target level of funds to be accumulated in Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution 
funds across different EU countries may exceed the minimum levels provided for in the BRRD, Directive 
2014/49/EU, as amended from time to time, (the “Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive”) and in EU 
Regulation No 806/2014, as amended from time to time and EU Regulation No 81/2015, as amended from time 
to time of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund (the latter of which will be relevant should Denmark choose to participate in the 
Single Resolution Mechanism). Both the BRRD and the Revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive are 
implemented in Danish law as referred to in “Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD” below and by 
Consolidated Act No. 356 of 2 April 2020 on Depositor and Investor Guarantee Scheme as amended from time 
to time. 
It is still unclear whether Denmark, despite being outside the Eurozone, will join the European Banking Union 
and therefore be part of the Single Resolution Mechanism. It therefore remains unclear which costs the Issuer will 
incur in the coming year in relation to payments to deposit guarantee funds and/or resolution funds on a national 
or European level. 
General regulatory risk related to changes in supervision and regulation which may affect the Spar Nord Bank 
Group’s business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets 
The Spar Nord Bank Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies 
in Denmark and in each other jurisdiction in which the Spar Nord Bank Group carries on business. Regulatory 
risk is the risk that changes in supervision and regulation applicable to the Spar Nord Bank Group, in particular 
in Denmark, could materially affect the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, the products and services offered or 
the value of its assets. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond 
the control of the Issuer. 
Regulatory risk may also arise from a failure by the Issuer to comply with laws and regulations, which could lead 
to civil liability, disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or the revocation of the licence, permission or 
authorisation to conduct the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business in the jurisdictions in which the Spar Nord Bank 
Group operates. 
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate in the EU, including, inter alia, proposals to review 
standardised approaches for capital requirements for credit, market and operational risk (together with a proposed 
capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for banks using internal models). Spar Nord Bank does 
currently not use internal models to estimate its own funds requirements, but may apply for permission to so in 
the future. Furthermore, a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. has been introduced by way of the CRR 
Amendment Regulation (see “Risks related to an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Spar Nord Bank Group’s 
capital requirements, leverage ratio requirements, net stable funding ratio requirement, liquidity requirements 
and/or REA which could have a material adverse effect on the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects” above). 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of such features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
At any time upon the occurrence of (in each case, to the extent applicable to the relevant series of Notes) (i) a 
change in tax law pursuant to Condition 6(c)(i) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes only), (ii) a Tax Event

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii) (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes only), (iii) a 
Capital Event pursuant to Condition 6(d) (in the case of Subordinated Notes only), (iv) a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 6(e) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes only) or (v) an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6(f) (in the case of any Note), the Notes 
may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at their Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may 
be, Optional Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, as more particularly described in the Conditions.  
Such an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk 
that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of 
the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter case Noteholders may only be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer; redemption subject to permission of the Relevant Regulator 
Under the CRD/CRR, any Subordinated Notes may generally not be redeemed during the first five years after 
such Notes have been issued. The Issuer may, subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, redeem 
such Notes five years after issuance if the requirements under Condition 6 are complied with. 
In addition, during the first five years after any Subordinated Notes have been issued (and at any time thereafter), 
the Issuer may, at its option but subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, at any time redeem all, 
but not some, of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest  upon the occurrence 
of a Tax Event or upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in accordance with Condition 6(c)(ii) and Condition 
6(d), respectively. See also “Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer”. 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any early redemption by the Issuer of such 
Notes upon the occurrence of a tax event referred to in Condition 6(c)(i) (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes) 
or upon the occurrence of a Tax Event (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or, in either case, upon the 
occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (where so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) in accordance with Condition 6(c)(i), Condition 6(c)(ii) and Condition 6(e), 
respectively, is also subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, if then required by CRD/CRR. 
Holders of Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that a call option included in the terms of such 
Notes will be exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must (in any case, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, or to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) agree to permit such a call to be exercised 
by the Issuer, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors at 
the relevant time. In any such case, there can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call 
to be exercised by the Issuer. 
In addition, if applicable to a Series of Notes, if, after a notice of redemption has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (c)(i), (c)(ii), (d), (e) or (f), respectively, of Condition 6, the Relevant Regulator withdraws its 
permission to the relevant redemption before the relevant redemption date, the relevant redemption shall not be 
made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in paragraph (j) of 
Condition 6 have been fulfilled. Prospective investors in the relevant Notes should be aware that, whether or not 
a redemption notice has been issued in respect of such Notes, any redemption of such Notes will, at all times, 
remain subject to the permission of the Relevant Regulator.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors 
The Issuer may issue Non-Preferred Senior Notes. The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 4(b).  
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. Non-Preferred Senior 
Obligations are unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior 
Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior 
Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with Section 13(3) of the Danish Act on Recovery and 
Resolution of certain Financial Businesses. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the 
Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer 
and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue other obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in each case 
as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that 
are not creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer in full before it can make any 
payments on the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining 
after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In addition, in the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its creditors 
who rank senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, payments relating to other obligations or instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may, if there are 
insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available 
to pay amounts due under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes which will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank as described in Condition 4(c).  
The Issuer may issue other obligations or capital instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay (i) its depositors, (ii) its 
unsubordinated creditors (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy 
Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations), (iii) its 
subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (iv) creditors of the Issuer that as a result of any Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive (as defined below) rank or shall rank senior 
to the Subordinated Notes in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the 
Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts due under the 
Subordinated Notes. According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act (see “Factors that may affect the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme” – “Risks related to an increase in the 
Issuer’s and/or the Spar Nord Bank Group’s capital requirements, leverage ratio requirements, net stable funding 
ratio requirement, liquidity requirements and/or REA which could have a material adverse effect on the Spar 
Nord Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects”) and the Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment Directive, liabilities resulting from fully or partially

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
recognised own funds instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) shall 
rank junior to all other liabilities. In principle, this means that liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that 
no longer fully or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior 
to any liabilities resulting from any fully or partially recognised own funds instrument regardless of their 
contractual ranking. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter 
alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make 
any payments on the Subordinated Notes. Section 13(5) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain 
Financial Businesses, which will enter into force on 1 January 2022, details the ranking of the different layers of 
own funds instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) of Danish credit 
institutions in the case of bankruptcy of the credit institution. Section 13(5) stipulates that Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital instruments are paid after Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments 
are paid after Tier 2 Capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes). A capital instrument that is only partly 
recognised as an own funds item shall in its entirety be treated as if it was own funds. According to the preparatory 
works to Section 13(5) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses, the ranking 
as provided for in Section 13(5) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses 
will apply irrespective of the contractual ranking of the capital instruments. As an example of the operation of 
Section 13(5) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses, in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments that no longer fully or partially are 
recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital for the purpose of the CRR, but which fully or partially are recognised as 
Tier 2 Capital for the purpose of the CRR, would rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes. In addition, in the 
event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining after paying its 
creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer that rank, e.g. by operation of Section 13(5) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain 
Financial Businesses and/or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there are 
insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available 
to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
There is a risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent.  
Substitution and variation without Noteholder consent 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, if Condition 6(i) is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, subject to Condition 6(j), if a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes) a tax event referred to in 
Condition 6(c)(i) or (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) a Tax Event in relation to the relevant Notes 
has/have occurred and is/are continuing the Issuer may at its option substitute all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes, so that they become or remain (in the case of Preferred 
Senior Notes) Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, subject to Condition 6(j), if a Capital Event and/or Tax Event in relation 
to the relevant Notes has/have occurred and is/are continuing the Issuer may, at its option, substitute all (but not 
some only) of the relevant Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
are securities issued by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms which (i) adhere to the specific conditions outlined 
in the definition of “Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes), “Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes” (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) or “Qualifying Subordinated Notes” (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes) in the Conditions and (ii) are not prejudicial to the interests of the relevant

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Noteholders compared to the terms of the relevant Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect 
signed by two members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent). There can be no assurance that, due to the 
particular circumstances of each holder, any Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, will be as favourable to each holder in all respects 
or that, if it were entitled to do so, a particular holder would make the same determination as the Issuer as to 
whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are not prejudicial to the interests of the relevant holders compared to the terms 
of the relevant Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be. 
No events of default and limited Enforcement Events  
There are no events of default in relation to the Notes. Holders of Notes may not at any time demand repayment 
or redemption of their Notes, and enforcement rights for any payment are limited to the claim of Noteholders in a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, a holder of Notes may prove 
or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Notes, such claim being for payment of the Early Redemption 
Amount of such  Notes at the time of commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy together with any interest 
accrued and unpaid on such Notes from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
commencement of such liquidation or bankruptcy and any other amounts payable on such Notes under the 
Conditions. 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The BRRD, an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
including the general bail-in tool, non-viability loss absorption and the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (“MREL”), is implemented into Danish law by way of the Danish Act on Recovery and 
Resolution of certain Financial Businesses and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act. Any 
reference to the BRRD below shall include the implementation hereof into Danish law. 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a range 
of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise of any of 
these actions in relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in relation to unsound or failing credit institutions, investment firms, certain 
financial institutions and certain holding companies (each, a “relevant entity”) to ensure the continuity of the 
relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s 
failure on the economy and financial system.   
The BRRD contains various resolution powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. A relevant entity will be considered as failing or 
likely to fail when either: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing 
authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely 
in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). 
Is such circumstances, the relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone 
or in combination without the consent of the relevant entity’s creditors: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation 
– which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets (including, without limitation, impaired or problem assets) 
to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the 
“general bail-in tool”), which equity or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future 
application of the general bail-in tool. 
Depositor preference and the general bail-in tool 
The Danish implementation of the Revised Deposit Guarantee Scheme (see “Risks relating to Spar Nord Bank’s 
participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund”) increased the nature and quantum of insured 
deposits to cover a wide range of deposits, including certain corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public 
sector body or financial institution) and some temporary high value deposits. The effect of these changes is to 
increase the size of the class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits will rank in the insolvency 
hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured creditors of the Issuer, including the Noteholders. Furthermore, insured 
deposits are excluded from the scope of the general bail-in tool. As a result, if the general bail-in tool were 
exercised by the relevant resolution authority, the Notes would be more likely to be bailed-in than certain other 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer such as other preferred deposits. Furthermore, the insolvency hierarchy 
could be changed in the future. 
The non-viability loss absorption tool 
In addition to, but independently of, the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have 
the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity, capital instruments such as Tier 2 Capital 
(including the Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken 
(“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any such 
conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or the other resolution 
powers outlined above. Resolution authorities are required to implement non-viability loss absorption ahead of, 
or simultaneously with, any resolution action. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority determines that the relevant 
entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) 
are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity or 
its group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance 
in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. A group shall be deemed to be failing or 
likely to fail where the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the group, 
in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify action by the 
relevant authority including, but not limited to, where the group has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will 
deplete all or a significant amount of its own funds (as defined in the CRR). 
Additional powers of Member States and resolution authorities 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above resolution 
tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with 
the EU state aid framework.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
The BRRD (and thereby also the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses) also 
provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to 
distressed relevant entities, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the relevant 
entity as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering 
the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
MREL and the Group’s related requirements 
With the implementation of the BRRD, European banks are required to have bail in-able resources in order to 
fulfil their MREL requirement. There is no minimum EU-wide level of the MREL requirement – each resolution 
authority is required to make a separate determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each resolution 
group within its jurisdiction, depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other 
characteristics of each relevant entity. The resolution strategy for the Spar Nord Bank Group is single point of 
entry at the level of the Issuer being the resolution entity. In December 2021, the Danish FSA published the MREL 
requirement for the Issuer to 19.3 per cent. of the Issuer’s total REA and 6,0 per cent. of the Issuer’s total exposure, 
to be complied with as of 1 January 2022 (the “2021 MREL Requirement Decision”). The MREL requirement 
is based on numbers per ultimo 2020. The Issuer’s MREL requirement will be phased in over a period from 1 
January 2022 to 1 January 2024. According to the MREL Requirement Decision on 1 January 2023, the MREL 
requirement for the Issuer will be 21.6 per cent. of the Issuer’s total REA and on 1 January 2024 the MREL 
requirement for the Issuer will be 23.2 per cent. of the Issuer’s total REA. Furthermore, the 2021 MREL 
Requirement Decision sets out that that an amount equal to 19.9 per cent. of the Issuer’s total REA must be met 
with own funds instruments and liabilities that bear losses before senior claims (the “MREL subordination 
requirement”). The MREL subordination requirement will be phased in over a period from 1 January 2022 to 1 
January 2024 so that the MREL subordination requirement will be 20.9 per cent. of the Issuer’s total REA on 30 
September 2022, 22.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s total REA on 1 January 2023 and 24.2 per cent. of the Issuer’s total 
REA on 1 January 2024. When fulfilling this MREL subordination requirement, the Issuer may use own funds 
instruments and eligible liabilities that are used to fulfil the MREL requirement and own funds instruments that 
are used to satisfy the combined buffer requirement. 
The MREL requirement may require Danish SIFIs and other banks to issue own funds instruments or debt eligible 
for MREL in accordance with the BRRD and the CRR.  
The MREL requirement will be set annually (but may be updated over the year e.g. in the case of a change to the 
countercyclical capital buffer) on the basis of the entity’s individual resolution plan and it is the Danish FSA, 
following consultation with Finansiel Stabilitet, which sets the MREL requirement for each relevant entity. 
Accordingly, the Issuer’s MREL requirement may change over the year and the contemplated phase-in of the 
Issuer’s MREL requirement may also deviate from what is set out and anticipated in the 2021 MREL Requirement 
Decision. If a relevant entity does not fulfil the MREL requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw its 
banking licence. Also, a comparable concept for loss absorption, Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”) has 
been set for global systemically important institutions (“G-SII”). The TLAC requirement took effect from 2019.  
The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2017/2399/EU amending the BRRD (the “Insolvency Hierarchy Directive”) as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive enables banks to issue debt in a 
new statutory category of unsecured debt which would rank below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities 
for the purposes of resolution (a so-called “Non-Preferred Senior debt”). The directive has been transposed into 
national law in Denmark and was adopted by the Danish Parliament on 8 June 2018 by Act No. 706 and became 
effective on 1 July 2018.  
The BRRD Amendment Directive

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (the “BRRD Amendment Directive”) includes, among 
other things, rules implementing TLAC into EU legislation, the introduction of the concept of resolution groups 
and resolution entities and the introduction of the subordination requirement in respect of the MREL requirement 
(see “MREL and the Group’s related requirements” above). According to the Danish BRRDII/CRDV Act, the 
rules implementing the BRRD Amendment Directive into Danish law, with certain exemptions, entered into force 
on 28 December 2020. The CRR as amended by way of the CRR Amendment Regulation and the Danish Act on 
Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses set the requirement for the instruments that can be used 
to fulfil the MREL and TLAC requirement.  
See “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – “The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated 
Notes are subordinated” regarding the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD Amendment 
Directive. 
Exercise of powers under the BRRD 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed, as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority 
given to other creditors such as depositors. See “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – 
“The Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s other unsubordinated creditors” and “Risks related 
to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” – “The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are 
subordinated”. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool and/or 
the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) is less favourable than would have been the 
case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD 
based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off 
principle” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses 
it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. 
Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise 
have been due under the Notes that have been subject to the application of the general bail-in tool and the non-
viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes). 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. Although the BRRD, as implemented, contains certain limited 
safeguards for creditors in specific circumstances, including a safeguard that aims to ensure that they do not incur 
greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant entity been wound up under normal insolvency 
proceedings, there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be effective if such powers are exercised. The 
determination that any power under the BRRD shall be exercised or that all or a part of the principal amount of 
the Notes will be subject to bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of the Group’s control. The application of the general bail-in tool with respect to the Notes 
and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or 
interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of 
the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption tool (in respect of Subordinated Notes). 
Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the general bail-in tool and/or the non-
viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) may be applied in such a manner as to result in

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than 
the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer 
protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may 
exercise its authority to apply the general bail-in tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption tool (in respect of 
Subordinated Notes) without providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. The exercise of any power under 
the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the relevant 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any relevant Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under any relevant Notes. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim  
No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall 
be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation  
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms 
of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal, holders of Notes may receive less than the 
full amount due under such Notes and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. Holders of Notes 
should note that principal for these purposes may include any payments of premium. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, a 
Reference Rate or, in the case of Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Rate), are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
(such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the United 
Kingdom by United Kingdom supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-United Kingdom based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Specifically, the euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. 
In Denmark, a working group formed by Finance Denmark (a Danish business association for banks, mortgage 
banks, asset management, securities trading and investment funds in Denmark) and the Money Market Committee 
proposed, in July 2019, its final recommendations on the assessment of possible candidates to a DKK risk-free 
reference rate based on wholesale overnight deposits named DESTR (Denmark short-term rate). Finance Denmark 
has initiated data collection in order to run test calculations for the DESTR. Information in respect of the test 
calculations is published on the website of Finance Denmark. Simultaneously, Finance Denmark will analyse the 
possibilities to supplement the DESTR with a long term DKK risk-free reference rate. In November 2021, 
Danmarks Nationalbank assumed responsibility for DESTR. Danmarks Nationalbank will start publishing 
DESTR on 4 April 2022. The first publication will reflect trading activity on 1 April 2022. Thus, DESTR will be 
available for use in financial contracts with effect from 1 April 2022. The impact of DESTR on CIBOR is currently 
unclear. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent EURIBOR, CIBOR and other benchmarks 
will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, CIBOR and other benchmarks to 
perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR or CIBOR) may adversely affect 
the value of Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any such 
benchmark rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Conditions provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), such as EURIBOR or CIBOR, becomes unavailable. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the manner 
in which the rate of interest is to be determined or (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, Mid-Swap Rate is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the Reset Reference Rate and, in each case, 
Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable as 
being applicable (any such Notes “Relevant Notes”), such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) determined by an 
Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer fails to make such determination, the Issuer (the Issuer, in any such case, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the Conditions of the Relevant Notes). 
In addition, if a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the 
Conditions) may be determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) to be applied to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be. An Adjustment Spread could 
be positive, negative or zero. The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original 
Reference Rate (as applicable) were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is 
determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
Rate of Interest. 
In addition, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) may also determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) other amendments to the Conditions in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the relevant Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described 
above. 
In certain circumstances (including, in the case of the Relevant Notes, if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination), the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for 
a particular Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period or a Reset Period (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, potential investors should also note that: 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Relevant Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes 
as (A) in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, MREL/TLAC Eligible 
Liabilities; or (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and/or

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Relevant Notes will be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date 
(or any future Interest Payment Date) as the effective maturity of the Relevant Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described above) will 
apply. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders or instigating a Written Procedure to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting or respond in the Written Procedure or, as the case may be, did not sign the written 
resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted or responded in a 
manner contrary to the majority. Any modification of the Conditions pursuant to the operation of such provisions 
is subject to Condition 6(j). 
In addition, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 6(j), make any modification to the Notes of any Series and/or the 
Conditions of any Series which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of such Series without the 
consent of such Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders of such Series. 
Change of law 
Save where the Securities Depository is VPS (in which event Condition 3(b) (relating to transfers of the Notes) 
and Condition 19 (relating to the delivery of notices to Noteholders) shall be governed by Norwegian law) the 
Conditions are based on Danish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Danish, Norwegian or other applicable laws, 
regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may 
include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools which 
may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Such tools may include the 
ability to write off sums otherwise payable on such securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered 
viable by its regulator or upon the occurrence of another trigger. 
Minimum trading amount of Notes 
In case the specified denomination of the Notes (other than the Exempt Notes) is less than €100,000 (or if the 
Notes (other than Exempt Notes) are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount as of the 
relevant date of issue in such other currency) the VP set-up entails that the initial subscription amount of, and all 
subsequent trades in, Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 (or if the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
currency). Consequently, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading Notes through VP or in the case of application 
of the general bail-in tool with respect to the Notes and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of 
Subordinated Notes) holds an amount which is less than €100,000 in its account with the VP will not be able to 
trade or sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes (for a minimum 
amount of €100,000) (or, if the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency) such that its holding is in an amount of at least €100,000 (or, in each 
case, if the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). 
 
Risks related to the market which may affect the Issuer and/or the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including credit rating risk, liquidity risk, exchange 
rate risk and interest rate risk.  
Credit rating risks related to the Issuer and/or the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances there can be no 
assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings assigned to the 
Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes. 
The Issuer’s credit ratings are important to its business. There can be no assurance that any relevant rating agency 
will not downgrade the ratings of the Issuer or the ratings of the Issuer’s debt instruments (including the Notes) 
either as a result of the financial position of the Spar Nord Bank Group or changes to applicable rating 
methodologies used by any relevant rating agency. A rating agency’s evaluation of the Issuer may also be based 
on a number of factors not entirely within the control of the Issuer, such as conditions affecting the financial 
services industry generally. Any reduction in the Issuer’s credit ratings or the ratings of its debt instruments, 
including any unsolicited credit rating, could adversely affect its liquidity and competitive position, undermine 
confidence in the Issuer and the Spar Nord Bank Group, increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital 
markets, or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer and the Spar Nord 
Bank Group. Such development could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and the Spar Nord Bank 
Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the third country rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the United Kingdom are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, United Kingdom 
regulated investors are required to use for United Kingdom regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
issued by third country non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant 
United Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, 
for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA or the United Kingdom, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Prospectus. 
The secondary market of the Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading 
market does not develop or is not maintained, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and any liquidity in such market could be significantly 
affected by any purchase and cancellation of the Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as provided in 
Condition 6. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
The reset of the Rate of Interest fixed with respect to Reset Notes on each Reset Date could affect the market 
value of an investment in such Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the fixed rate per cent. per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable (the “Initial Rate of Interest”) until the Reset Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or, if more than one Reset Date is specified, the first Reset Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (in each case, as defined in the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Conditions). On the Reset Date (or on each Reset Date, if more than one Reset Date is specified), the Rate of 
Interest will be reset to the aggregate of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Margin (each as defined in the Conditions), as determined by the Calculation Agent. Such reset Rate of Interest 
could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest and/or, as applicable, less than the Rate of Interest determined on any 
previous Reset Determination Date (as defined in the Conditions), and could accordingly affect the market value 
of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 together with the independent auditors’ report thereon (the “2019 Annual Report”) (an 
English 
translation 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://media.sparnord.dk/com/investor/financial_communication/reports/2019/annual-report-
2019.pdf) excluding the section “Outlook for 2020” on page 16; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 together with the independent auditors’ report thereon (the “2020 Annual Report”) (an 
English 
translation 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://media.sparnord.dk/com/investor/financial_communication/reports/2020/annual-report-
2020.pdf) excluding the section “Outlook for 2021” on page 20; 
(c) 
the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the nine-month period ended 30 
September 2021 (an English translation is available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://media.sparnord.dk/com/investor/financial_communication/reports/2021/Q3-2021-eng.pdf)    
excluding the section “Outlook for 2021” on page 3; 
(d) 
the Risk Report 2019 of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, an English translation 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://media.sparnord.dk/com/investor/financial_communication/reports/2019/risk_report_2019.pdf;  
(e) 
the Risk Report 2020 of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, an English translation 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at  
https://media.sparnord.dk/com/investor/financial_communication/reports/2020/risk-report-2020.pdf;    
(f) 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” at pages 57 to 105 of the Prospectus dated 13 
November 
2019 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Programme, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://media.sparnord.dk/com/investor/financial_communication/emtn/prospectus-nov19.pdf; and  
(g) 
the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” at pages 59 to 106 of the Prospectus dated 13 
October 
2020 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Programme, 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://media.sparnord.dk/com/investor/financial_communication/emtn/prospectus-okt20.pdf.  
Such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in 
a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. 
Those parts of the 2019 Annual Report, the 2020 Annual Report and the interim report for the nine-month period 
ended 30 September 2021 which are not specifically incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, are either not 
relevant for investors in the Notes or are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019, together, in each case, with the audit report thereon, and the unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2021 have been translated into English 
and represent a direct and accurate translation from the Danish language originals. If there are any inconsistencies

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
or discrepancies between the Danish language versions and the English translations thereof, the original Danish 
language versions shall prevail.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes, subject 
only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/54/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
[the/each] manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/54/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); 
EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised 
sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market  
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
(as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is defined 
in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the 
date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] 
[does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]; 
Final Terms dated [] 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300DHT635Q5P8J715 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
€2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 23 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [][ and []]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), at https://live.euronext.com/.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus dated [13 October 2020] [13 November 2019] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Prospectus dated 23 December 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction 
with the Prospectus dated 23 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”), at https://live.euronext.com/.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer:  
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number:  
[] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the [insert amount, interest rate, 
maturity date and issue date of the Series] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]  
[All trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription shall 
be in a minimum amount of [currency][amount]. A 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than [currency][amount] in its 
account with the relevant Securities Depository will not be 
able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of the Notes at or in excess 
of [currency][amount] such that its holding amounts to 
[currency][amount] or above.] 
(N.B Either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial 
subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of 
€100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such 
other currency.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their Final Redemption Amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraphs [[14] and/or 
[15]] if details are included there] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Call Option /Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 17 below)]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes 
[Preferred Senior Notes / Non-Preferred Senior Notes / 
Subordinated Notes] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board of Directors] 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board of Directors (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year, commencing on [], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable]  
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/–][] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin 
[[+/–][] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[] [and []] in each year, commencing on [], up to and 
including the Maturity Date

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(and including) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount: 
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/or] []]  
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[] [and []]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Maturity: 
[] 
 
− 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below)

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Last Observable Mid-
Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
 
(xviii) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Reset Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xxi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Specify if not the Fiscal Agent]/[The Fiscal Agent] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent):  
[] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate:  
[[] month] [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(N.B. The Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR) 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen 
Page:  
[] 
 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option:  
[] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity:  
[] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum  
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15]/[] days 
Maximum period: [30]/[] days 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[]/[The Outstanding Principal Amount] 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount  
[]/[The Final Redemption Amount] 
20. 
Redemption 
for 
MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification  Event  
[Condition 6(e) applies/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
21. 
Substitution 
and 
variation 
for 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes)]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes:  
Uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
23. 
Business Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/[]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraph 16(vi) relates) 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Spar Nord Bank A/S: 
By:  .................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin. 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from []] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:] 
 
 
[[]: []] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the ratings 
provider.] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the EEA 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
registration decision has not yet been provided.]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] [is/are] not established in the EEA and [is/are] 
not certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating[s] [it has/they have] given 
to the Notes [is/are] not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the 
Prospectus, including any fees payable to [] (the [Managers/Dealer]), so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [The Issuer is acting in 
capacity as Issuer and [Manager/Dealer] in relation to the offer of the Notes. Accordingly, there may 
be a potential conflict of interest of the Issuer acting as Issuer and [Dealer/Manager] in relation to the 
offer of the Notes as the Issuer has an interest in the Notes being sold.] (Only to be included in offer of 
Notes where the Issuer is acting as Dealer/Manager). The [other] [Managers/Dealer] and [their/its] 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)  
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3. 
[YIELD 
(Include for Fixed Rate Notes and Reset 
Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code] , as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code] , as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] (If the CFI and/or FISN is not 
required, requested or available, it/they should be specified 
to be “Not Applicable”)] 
 
(v) 
Securities Depository:  
[VP/VPS]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the registers maintained by VP for the purpose of 
performing its obligations under the issue of the Notes.] 
(Delete the above paragraph where such entitlement of the 
Issuer will not apply to a Series of Notes.) 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restriction: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus/[Give details]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from what is disclosed in the Prospectus, 
give details) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The form of Pricing Supplement that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued under the 
Programme, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[MIFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]; 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300DHT635Q5P8J715 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
€2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 23 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [][ and []]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement 
of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
information. The Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), at https://live.euronext.com/.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus dated [13 October 2020] [13 November 2019] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Prospectus dated 23 December 2021. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [][ and []]] 
(together, the “Prospectus”), in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus has been published 
on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”), at 
https://live.euronext.com/.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer:  
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number:  
[] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the [insert amount, interest rate, 
maturity date and issue date of the Series] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]  
[All trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription shall 
be in a minimum amount of [currency][amount]. A 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than [currency][amount] in its 
account with the relevant Securities Depository will not be 
able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of the Notes at or in excess 
of [currency][amount] such that its holding amounts to 
[currency][amount] or above.] 
(N.B Either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial 
subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of 
€100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such 
other currency.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their Final Redemption Amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraphs [[14] and/or 
[15]] if details are included there] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Call Option /Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 17 below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes 
[Preferred Senior Notes / Non-Preferred Senior Notes / 
Subordinated Notes] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board of Directors] 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board of Directors (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year, commencing on [], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable]  
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/–][] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin 
[[+/–][] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[] [and []] in each year, commencing on [], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(and including) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount: 
[Not Applicable/[] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/or] []]  
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[] [and []]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Maturity: 
[] 
 
− 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Last Observable Mid-
Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
(xvii) 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
 
(xviii) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Reset Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xxi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Specify if not the Fiscal Agent]/[The Fiscal Agent] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent):  
[]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate:  
[[] month] [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(N.B. The Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR) 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen 
Page:  
[] 
 
− 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option:  
[] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity:  
[] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum  
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[] per cent. per annum  
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15]/[] days 
Maximum period: [30]/[] days 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[]/[The Outstanding Principal Amount] 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount  
[]/[The Final Redemption Amount] 
20. 
Redemption 
for 
MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification  Event  
[Condition 6(e) applies/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
21. 
Substitution 
and 
variation 
for 
Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes)  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes:  
Uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
23. 
Business Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/[]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraph 16(vi) relates) 
24. 
Other terms and conditions: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Spar Nord Bank A/S: 
By:  .................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [specify 
market – note this must not be a regulated market] with 
effect from [         ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:] 
 
 
[[]: []] 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the EEA 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
registration decision has not yet been provided.] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] not established in the 
EEA and [is/are] not certified under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating[s] [it has/they have] given to the Notes [is/are] not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in the “Subscription and Sale” and “General Information” sections of the 
Prospectus, including any fees payable to [] (the [Managers/Dealer]), so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [The Issuer is acting in 
capacity as Issuer and [Manager/Dealer] in relation to the offer of the Notes. Accordingly, there may 
be a potential conflict of interest of the Issuer acting as Issuer and [Dealer/Manager] in relation to the 
offer of the Notes as the Issuer has an interest in the Notes being sold. (Only to be included in offer of 
Notes where the Issuer is acting as Dealer/Manager).] The [other] [Managers/Dealer] and [their/its] 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
4. 
[YIELD 
(Include for Fixed Rate Notes and Reset 
Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code] , as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code] , as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] (If the CFI and/or FISN is not 
required, requested or available, it/they should be specified 
to be “Not Applicable”)] 
 
(v) 
Securities Depository:  
[VP/VPS] 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the registers maintained by VP for the purpose of 
performing its obligations under the issue of the Notes.] 
(Delete the above paragraph where such entitlement of the 
Issuer will not apply to a Series of Notes.) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restriction: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus/[Give details]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Prospectus, give details) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) subject to completion and/or 
amendment and/or replacement by the relevant Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in the Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the 
relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) the relevant Pricing Supplement. Unless the context 
otherwise requires, references in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Spar Nord Bank A/S, CVR No. 13737584, Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300DHT635Q5P8J715 (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of notes (the “Notes”).  
(b) 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series 
(each a “Series”) and each Series may compromise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) 
of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes (as defined below) is the subject of 
a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which completes these Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”). Each Tranche of Exempt Notes is the subject of a pricing supplement (the 
“Pricing Supplement”) which completes and/or amends and/or replaces the Conditions. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) as completed 
and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, shall prevail. Where 
a particular Condition is applicable only to certain classes or to a particular Tranche or Series 
of Notes, “Notes” shall be construed in accordance with the relevant Condition. References 
herein to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
(c) 
Recording of Notes in dematerialised form: Each Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
will be recorded electronically in dematerialised form with either:  
(i) 
VP Securities A/S (“VP”, with such term deemed to include any successor or 
replacement thereto), Weidekampsgade 14, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark, CVR 
no. 21599336, in accordance with an agreement between the Issuer (in such capacity, 
the “VP Issuing Agent”) and VP (effective date 18 July 2017) and the terms and 
conditions in effect from time to time of VP; or 
(ii) 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“VPS”, with such 
term deemed to include any successor or replacement thereto), Fred. Olsens gate 1, 
NO-0152 Oslo, Norway in accordance with an agreement between the Issuer and 
Danske Bank A/S (the “VPS Issuing Agent”) (effective date 13 November 2019) and 
the terms and conditions in effect from time to time of VPS, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  
In relation to a Series of Notes, references herein to “Securities Depository” shall mean 
whichever of VP or VPS is so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, and references herein to “Issuing Agent” shall mean: 
(A) 
if the Securities Depository is VP, the VP Issuing Agent; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
(B) 
if the Securities Depository is VPS, the VPS Issuing Agent. 
In relation to a Series of Notes, settlement of such Notes will take place on: 
(A) 
if the Securities Depository is VP, the VP settlement platform, or on the TARGET2-
Securities (T2S) platform, if the required conditions for T2S settlement as set out in 
VP’s settlement rules are fulfilled. The T2S platform provides harmonised and 
commoditised delivery-versus-payment settlement and corporate actions processing in 
central bank money; or 
(B) 
if the Securities Depository is VPS, the VPS settlement platform. Any such Notes 
settled on the VPS settlement platform must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 
March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities Depositories (the “CSD Act”), which 
implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (“CSDR”) into Norwegian law, and, to the 
extent applicable, the Norwegian Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64 on the Registration of 
Financial Instruments (the “VPS Act”), and the rules of the VPS, as amended from 
time to time, and the holders of such Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject 
to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations 
and legislation as well as the terms and conditions in effect from time to time of the 
VPS.  
All subsequent references in the Conditions to “Notes” are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the 
Notes of the relevant Series. 
2. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, in addition to the expressions defined in Condition 1 above, the following expressions 
have the following meanings: 
“Additional Amounts” shall have the meaning given in Condition 8(a); 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (in Danish: 
“hybrid kernekapital”) (or any equivalent or successor term) under the CRD/CRR requirements by the 
Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such formal recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement 
rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no such spread 
is customarily applied) the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, to the relevant Interest Accrual Periods; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, to the relevant Reset Periods, 
or, in any case, if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is 
no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Denmark giving effect to any MREL/TLAC Requirement or any 
successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD/CRR, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL/TLAC Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group); 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (v)(A); or

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to the Noteholders using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law 
transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres; 
“Business Centre(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Capital Event” means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, on or after the date of 
issue of the last Tranche of such Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of such Notes 
that results or will result in: 
(i) 
their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
or 
(ii) 
reclassification, in whole or in part, as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
in each case provided that (a) the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that the regulatory 
reclassification of such Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance and (b) the 
Relevant Regulator considers such a change to be sufficiently certain. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
Capital Event shall not be deemed to have occurred in case of a partial exclusion of the Notes as a result 
of any applicable limit on the amount of Tier 2 Capital being exceeded; 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 8(c); 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital” means common equity tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or successor 
term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the Issuer in accordance 
with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional arrangement under the CRD/CRR 
requirements; 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio” means (at any time): 
(i) 
in relation to the Issuer, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer divided by the Risk Exposure Amounts of the 
Issuer; and 
(ii) 
in relation to the Group, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Group divided by the Risk Exposure Amounts of the 
Group, 
in each case, all as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements at such time 
and any applicable transitional arrangements under the CRD/CRR requirements at such time and reported 
to the Relevant Regulator; 
“CRD/CRR” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR 
and any CRD/CRR Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 7 June 2019); 
“CRD/CRR Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or 
consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance 
of doubt any regulatory technical standards guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from 
time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the 
Relevant Regulator, as the case may be; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Regulation resulting from Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses” means the Danish Act on 
Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses (Act No. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or 
replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act No. 775 of 3 May 
2021, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Capital Markets Act” means the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 2014 of 
1 November 2021, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Companies Act” means the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act No. 1952 of 11 October 
2021, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act No. 1147 
of 11 September 2020, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Limitation Act” means the Danish Limitations Act (Consolidated Act No. 1238 of 9 November 
2015, as amended or replaced from time to time);  
“Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing such Directive) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the 
Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into Ordinary Shares, other Securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment 
Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of 
an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;  
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date (if any) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
“Enforcement Events” has the meaning given in Condition 10; 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Fallback Relevant Time” means the time specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“First Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the Maturity Date (if any); 
“First Reset Period Fallback Yield” means the yield specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, subject to 
Condition 5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(b)(iv), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First 
Reset Margin; 
“Fiscal Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries and other entities that are consolidated in the 
calculation of the Issuer’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a consolidated level in accordance 
with the CRD/CRR requirements; 
“H.15” means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published by 
the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or 
such other page, section, successor site or publication as may replace it; 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” means; 
(i) 
in the case of  Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is no later than five 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following 
Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is no later than five Business Days 
prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the immediately following Reset Period; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (as applicable):  
(i) 
the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date; and  
(ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from 
(and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period; 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or, if none is 
so specified:  
(i) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro; or 
(ii) 
the day falling two Business Days in Copenhagen prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Danish Kroner; or 
(iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in Oslo prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner; or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(iv) 
the day falling two Business Days in Stockholm prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor; or 
(v) 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is not  euro, Danish Kroner, Norwegian 
Kroner or Swedish Kronor; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable;  
 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”); or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Issuer Determination Cut-off Date” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the date that is no later than three Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, in any Reset Period, the date that is no later than three Business Days 
prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the immediately following Reset Period;  
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable, for any Reset 
Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent);

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), if 
applicable, EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), CIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Danish 
Kroner), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner), STIBOR (if the Specified Currency 
is Swedish Kronor) or (in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most closely 
connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after 
consultation with the Issuer; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes or a 
Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of: 
(i) 
the implementation of any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations on or after the date of issue 
of the last Tranche of such Series; or 
(ii) 
a change in any Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations becoming effective on or after the date 
of issue of the last Tranche of such Series, 
all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of such Series of Notes will be excluded from the 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL/TLAC 
Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations) if the Issuer 
and/or the Group is/are then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL/TLAC Requirement, 
provided that a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion: 
(a) 
is or will be caused by: 
(1) 
the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations; or  
(2) 
any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or 
successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) being 
exceeded; and/or 
(b) 
was reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the last Tranche of such Notes; 
“MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL/TLAC Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations; 
“MREL/TLAC Requirement” means the total loss-absorbing capacity requirement and/or the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, in each case which is or, as the case may be, 
will be, applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
“Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 4(b); 
“Non-Preferred Senior Obligations” means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer 
which rank below (i) any Preferred Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer 
that rank pari passu with any Preferred Senior Notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with 
Section 13(3) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution Act of certain Financial Businesses; 
“Noteholder” means, in relation to a Note, a person who is registered with the Securities Depository as 
directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Note; 
“Noteholder Extraordinary Consent” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c); 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a Noteholders’ meeting held pursuant to Condition 13; 
 “Optional Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid-up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer; 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the relevant Notes; 
or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 
5(c)(v), 
as applicable; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to Notes of any Series, all the relevant Notes issued other than:  
(i) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions;  
(ii) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed;  
(iii) 
those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions;  
provided that, for the purposes of:  
(i) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders; and  
(ii) 
the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 12 and 14, 
as applicable,

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and not cancelled 
shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note: 
(i) 
unless sub-paragraph (ii) below applies, the outstanding principal amount of such Note; or 
(ii) 
the outstanding principal amount of such Note as adjusted from time to time for any reduction 
of the principal amount of such Note required by then current legislation and/or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer, 
and “Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each 
Note; 
“Paying Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 11(a); 
“Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction” has the meaning given to such term in 
Condition 6(j); 
“person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Preferred Senior Notes” means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 4(a); 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
at any time, any securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations in 
relation to the relevant MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application 
of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included in such Notes); and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); and 
(iii) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and Outstanding 
Principal Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6(i); and 
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as such Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); and 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(i); and  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
6(i), be subject to a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event; and  
(vii) 
have terms not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of such Notes compared to the terms of 
such Notes provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two 
members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Fiscal Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days 
prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(i), the issue date 
of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of such Notes pursuant to Condition 
6(i), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(viii) 
if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or (B) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than 
a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or 
admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a 
Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
(ix) 
if one or more solicited credit ratings were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i), are assigned (or maintain) at least 
the same solicited credit rating(s) as were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); 
“Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Preferred Senior Notes, at any 
time, any securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations in 
relation to the relevant MREL/TLAC Requirement(s) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application 
of, one or more of the early redemption rights which are included in such Notes); and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); and 
(iii) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and Outstanding 
Principal Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6(i); and 
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as such Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); and 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(i); and  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
6(i), be subject to a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or a tax reasons event referred to 
in Condition 6(c)(i); and  
(vii) 
have terms not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of such Notes compared to the terms of 
such Notes provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two 
members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the 
Fiscal Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days 
prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(i), the issue date 
of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of such Notes pursuant to Condition 
6(i), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(viii) 
if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or (B) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or 
admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a 
Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
(ix) 
if one or more solicited credit ratings were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i), are assigned (or maintain) at least 
the same solicited credit rating(s) as were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); 
“Qualifying Subordinated Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, any 
securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in 
relation to Tier 2 Capital; and 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); and 
(iii) 
have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and Outstanding 
Principal Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 6(i); and 
(iv) 
have the same Maturity Date and the same Interest Payment Dates as such Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); and 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 6(i); and  
(vi) 
shall not, immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 
6(i), be subject to a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event; and  
(vii) 
have terms not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of such Notes compared to the terms of 
such Notes and provided that the Issuer  shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed 
by two members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available 
at the Fiscal Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business 
Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(i), the issue 
date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of such Notes pursuant to Condition 
6(i), the date such variation becomes effective; and 
(viii) 
if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
or (B) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than 
a Regulated Market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or 
admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a 
Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
(ix) 
if one or more solicited credit ratings were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i), are assigned (or maintain) at least 
the same solicited credit rating(s) as were assigned to such Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(i); 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable and subject, at all times, if any such rate is below zero, that such rate will be

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
deemed to be zero, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, 
the principal Danish office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market and, in the case of 
a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market 
and, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the 
Stockholm inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Reference Bond” means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall 
be Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to such Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Determination 
Date: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the 
bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by 
such Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination 
Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent, as being a yield-
to-maturity based on the secondary market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for the 
relevant Reset United States Treasury Security at approximately the Fallback Relevant Time on 
such Reset Determination Date; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v). In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, 
the Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR, subject as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(v); 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
or replaced from time to time); 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates,

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Regulator” means, in relation to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, the Danish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Group 
and/or (in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
“Relevant Reset Margin” means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or 
the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (or any other power under the BRRD) in relation to the Issuer and/or 
the Group; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of (as applicable) (i) displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or (ii) displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable ; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in 
relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined on the 
basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent 
at: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the Relevant Time; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the Fallback Relevant Time, 
in each case, on such Reset Determination Date. If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Reference Bond Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two 
Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond 
Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Interest Period will be (a) 
in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in 
respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (b) in the case of the First Reset Period, the First 
Reset Period Fallback Yield; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means:  
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Reset Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five major banks which are primary government securities dealers or market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in the Specified Currency; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the principal office in New York City of five major banks which are 
primary United States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues denominated in U.S. dollars, 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable: 
(a) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant 
Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date or (ii) 
a Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and 
if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the rate which is equal to: 
(a) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated 
maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as 
published in the H.15 under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as 
that yield is displayed on such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; 
or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published by the Relevant Time on 
the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United 
States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity which is 
equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as published in H.15 
under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such Reset 
Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (b) above is not published by the Fallback Relevant 
Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset 
Determination Date, 
in each case, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Reset United States Treasury Security” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the United 
States Treasury Security: 
(i) 
with a designated maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period and a remaining term to maturity of no less than one year less than a maturity (the 
“Relevant Remaining Term to Maturity”) which is equal or comparable to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
which is in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in such United States Treasury Security in the New York City market.  
If two or more United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity of no less than the 
Relevant Remaining Term to Maturity, the United States Treasury Security with the longer remaining 
term to maturity will be used for the purposes of the relevant determination and if two or more United 
States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally close to the duration of the Relevant

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Remaining Term to Maturity, the United States Treasury Security with the largest nominal amount 
outstanding will be used for the purposes of the relevant determination; 
“Risk Exposure Amounts” means the aggregate amount of the risk exposure amounts (or any equivalent 
or successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Group, in each case as calculated by the Issuer 
in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional arrangements under the 
CRD/CRR requirements; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Securities” means any securities including, without limitation, shares in the capital of the Issuer; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
“Subordinated Notes” means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 4(c);  
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Subsequent Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity 
Date (if any), as the case may be;  
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if 
applicable, subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(b)(iv), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference 
Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any entity, any company which is for the time being a subsidiary 
within the meaning of Sections 5-7 of the Danish Companies Act; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto;  
“Tax Event” means, in respect of a Series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(i) 
as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the 
interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer receives an opinion of 
external counsel in Denmark that (A) it would be required to pay Additional Amounts as 
provided in Condition 8 or (B) to the extent a payment of interest under the Notes was tax 
deductible for the purposes of Danish tax prior to the relevant change, it will no longer be able 
to obtain a tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest under such 
Notes, in each case in respect of such Notes provided that the Issuer satisfies the Relevant 
Regulator that such change in tax treatment of such Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of their issuance; and 
(ii) 
(in the case of (i)(A) only) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; 
“Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 1 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 under the CRD/CRR 
requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable; 
and 
“United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
3. 
Form, Issue Date, denomination, currency, nominal amount, trades, transferability and title 
(a) 
Form, Issue Date, currency, denomination, nominal amount and trades: 
(i) 
The Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form through the 
Securities Depository.  
(ii) 
The Issue Date for each Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(iii) 
The Notes are denominated in the Specified Currency. The Aggregate Nominal 
Amount for each Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. The Notes shall be registered in the Securities Depository 
in multiples corresponding to the Specified Denomination. The minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. It may be specified in Specified 
Denominations in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, that 
all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be in a certain 
minimum amount. In respect of Notes other than Exempt Notes either (i) all trades in 
Notes as well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of 
€100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of each Note will be €100,000 
(or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). 
(iv) 
The Notes are Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, depending upon the status specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(v) 
The Notes are also Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(b) 
Transferability and title: 
(i) 
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or 
transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes specified under “Specified 
Denomination(s)” in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or 
under laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure 
compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. 
(ii) 
Legal title to the Notes will pass by electronic registration in the book entry system 
and register maintained by the Securities Depository in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of the Securities Depository from time to time. A Noteholder shall (except 
as otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Notes 
for all purposes and no person shall be liable for so treating such Noteholder.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Securities Depository is VPS, where a nominee is evidenced 
as the owner of a Note by a book entry in the records of the Securities Depository, it 
shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Note.  
(iii) 
If the Securities Depository is VP, the Issuer shall, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to the extent permitted under applicable 
regulations and the rules and procedures of the Securities Depository from time to time, 
have access on demand to static data and ownership of the Noteholders registered in 
the securities register. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may use the information referred to in Condition 3(b)(iii) only for the 
purposes of carrying out its duties and exercising its rights in accordance with the 
Conditions and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder. 
(c) 
Noteholders’ rights 
(i) 
If a beneficial owner of a Note not being registered as a Noteholder wishes to exercise 
any rights under the Notes (including, but not limited to participating in Noteholders’ 
Meeting or a Written Procedure), it must obtain proof of ownership of the Notes, 
acceptable to the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ 
Meeting) or the relevant Issuer (in case of a Written Procedure). 
(ii) 
A Noteholder (whether registered as such or proven to the satisfaction of the chairman 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the relevant Issuer, as applicable, to be the beneficial 
owner of the Note as set out in Condition 3(c)(i)) may issue one or more powers of 
attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held or 
beneficially owned by such Noteholder. The chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
the relevant Issuer, as applicable, shall only have to examine the face of a power of 
attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to 
this Condition 3(c) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise 
apparent from its face or the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the relevant 
Issuer, as applicable, has actual knowledge to the contrary. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Preferred Senior Notes: The Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (save for obligations which may be preferred by law, including 
obligations benefitting from a preferred ranking to the Preferred Senior Notes), present 
and future, without any preference by reason of priority of date of creation, currency 
of payment or otherwise as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes: The Non-Preferred Senior Notes on issue constitute Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer, 
and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including any other 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Ordinary Shares and any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, or any obligations pursuant to Section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, 
in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and (c) any 
other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations of the Issuer, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes (in Danish: “kapitalbeviser”) on issue constitute 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer.  
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the 
Issuer, and shall, subject to (A) the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in 
Section 13(4) (as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Act on Recovery and 
Resolution of certain Financial Businesses and/or (B) (upon the entry into force of Section 13(5) 
of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of certain Financial Businesses) Section 13(5) 
(as amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Act on Recovery and Resolution of 
certain Financial Businesses, at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Ordinary Shares, (b) any obligations or capital instruments 
of the Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital and (c) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act and unsubordinated creditors that are creditors in respect 
of Non-Preferred Senior Obligations) and (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer other 
than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(d) 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim: No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes held by such Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right in the future to issue other notes or instruments, with identical or other 
ranking than the Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(a) on Fixed Rate Notes shall only apply 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
(ii) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding 
Principal Amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes:  
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(b) on Reset Notes shall only apply if 
the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest: Each Reset Note bears interest on its 
Outstanding Principal Amount:

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date, at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the relevant Rate of Interest is to be determined. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(iii) 
Fallbacks: This Condition 5(b)(iii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as Mid-
Swap Rate. If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or the Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period 
will, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), as applicable, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question; 
(b) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean of the relevant 
quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) 
the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(e) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 5(b), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be equal to the sum of (A) the Reset 
Reference Rate determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first Reset 
Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum 
of: 
(A) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being 
applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin; 
(B) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as 
being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin; or 
(C) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being 
applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: This Condition 5(b)(iv) is only applicable if Reset 
Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable. The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if 
applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be converted from the Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such calculation to be 
determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by 
it). 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(c) on Floating Rate Notes shall only 
apply if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable to one or more Interest 
Period(s). 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on 
its Outstanding Principal Amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the 
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the 
Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the provisions 
below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 
a.m. (Copenhagen time) in the case of CIBOR, 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time) in the case of NIBOR or 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the 
case of STIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each 
case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks or, if 
the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the principal Danish office of each of 
the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of each 
of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate 
is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time), on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at 
approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the 
Copenhagen inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, 
the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the 
Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(v) 
Reference Rate Replacement: This Condition 5(c)(v) is applicable to the Notes only if 
(i) the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the Reset Reference 
Rate, or (ii) the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, in each case, to one or more Interest Periods 
and if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
If notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c), as applicable, 
the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser 
to determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all 
other future Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(c)(v) during any other future 
Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable)); 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread no later than the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for 
such next Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and for all 
other future Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(c)(v) during any other future 
Interest Accrual Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable)). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Successor Reference Rate, any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(c) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(v): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(c)(v)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(x) 
determines  an Adjustment Spread in relation to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(c)(v)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine an Adjustment Spread in relation to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), then such Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(c)(v)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market 
practice in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but 
not limited to (1) the Business Centre(s), Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Reset Determination Date, Relevant 
Time, Reference Banks, Reset Reference Banks and/or 
Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (2) the 
method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest 
(or relevant component part thereof) in relation to the Notes 
if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably 
necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability 
to the relevant Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Accrual 
Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(v)); and 
(d) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v)(c)(C) to: (A) the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19, (B) the Issuing Agent and (C) 
the Calculation Agent. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as 
described in this Condition 5(c)(v)  or such other relevant changes pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(v)(c)(C), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of 
other steps by the Issuer or any of the other parties to the relevant agency agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(v) prior to the 
relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest (or component 
part thereof) for the next Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall 
be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 5(b)(iii) (in the case of Reset Notes). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(v): 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be 
made pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, MREL/TLAC Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be 
made pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date (or any 
future Interest Payment Date) as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(e) 
Margin: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated 
in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to 
the next paragraph.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(ii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up). For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the relevant Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, 
in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or, as applicable, for each Interest Accrual Period falling in the relevant Reset 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the relevant Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period or, as applicable, for each Interest Accrual Period falling in the relevant Reset 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount (if any), Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to 
be notified to the Fiscal Agent (where the Calculation Agent is not the Fiscal Agent), the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent (where the Paying Agent is not the Issuer), the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information, the Issuing Agent (where the Issuing Agent is not the Issuer), and, 
if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(iii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 5(c)(v) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Conditions and/or Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in the Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if 
the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the relevant Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with 
any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
Redemption, purchase and options 
(a) 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 7. 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e) or 
Condition 6(f) shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  
(i) 
This Condition 6(c)(i) is only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j), if, in relation to the Notes: 
(A) 
as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof 
having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, 
regulations or rulings which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the last Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer receives an opinion of external 
counsel in Denmark that it would be required to pay Additional Amounts as 
provided in Condition 8; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the 
Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon at any time or, if e Notes are Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 
days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(ii) 
This Condition 6(c)(ii) is only applicable to Non-Preferred Senior Notes and  
Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j), upon the occurrence of a Tax Event in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, having given no less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if the Notes are Floating 
Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date provided, however, that in the case of a Tax 
Event relating to a requirement to pay Additional Amounts, no such notice of 
redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay the relevant Additional Amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event: This Condition 6(d) is only applicable 
to Subordinated Notes. Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j), upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event in relation to the Notes, the Issuer  may, at its option, having given no less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all 
(but not some only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
(e) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event: This 
Condition 6(e) is applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j), and if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, specifies that this Condition 6(e) applies, upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event in relation to the Notes, the Issuer  may, at its option, 
having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 19 
(which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes, on an Interest Payment Date. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 6(j)), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 19 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction) 
or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, redeem the Notes in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in part on any Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (which may be their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time (but subject to 
Condition 6(j)) purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. The Notes so 
purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any such Subsidiary, shall not entitle the 
relevant Noteholder(s) to vote at any meetings of Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be 
outstanding for the purposes of determining a quorum at any meeting of Noteholders or for the 
purposes of Condition 12. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may (but subject to Condition 
6(j)) be cancelled by the Issuer when the Issuer holds the title to them. The Notes are cancelled 
in the records of the Securities Depository so that the cancelled Notes cannot be reissued or 
resold, and subsequently the Issuer has no obligations pertaining to the cancelled Notes. The 
outstanding amount of Notes will be updated in the records of the Securities Depository. 
(i) 
Substitution and variation: 
(i) 
This Condition 6(i)(i) is only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes: 
(A) 
Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 and to the Fiscal Agent, if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and/or 
a Tax Event in relation to the Notes has/have occurred and is/are continuing, 
the Issuer may (subject to Condition 6(j)) and if the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specifies that this Condition 6(i) applies, 
at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms 
of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain (in the 
case of Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Preferred Senior Notes or (in the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes) Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
as applicable. 
(B) 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
substitution or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can 
inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Qualifying 
Preferred Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any cost 
or charge to the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
This Condition 6(i)(ii) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes:  
(A) 
Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 and to the Fiscal Agent, if a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event in relation 
to the Notes has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the Issuer may (subject 
to Condition 6(j)), at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they 
become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
(B) 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such 
substitution or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can 
inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without 
any cost or charge to the Noteholders.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
(j) 
Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
This Condition 6(j)(i) is only applicable to Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes: 
The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, modified, substituted or 
varied (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 6(c)(i) (in the case of Preferred Senior 
Notes only), Condition 6(c)(ii) (in the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes only), 
Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g), Condition 6(h), Condition 6(i), 
Condition 12, Condition 14 or paragraph (ii) of Condition 17 if: 
(A) 
in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has 
notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not 
objected to, such substitution, variation or modification (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements; 
(B) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation, the Issuer has 
notified the Relevant Regulator of, and, if then required by CRD/CRR, the 
Relevant Regulator has given permission to, such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable) in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements 
(which, in the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
as at 23 December 2021, are set out in Articles 77 and 78a of the CRR and 
any regulatory technical standards adopted by the Commission in relation 
thereto); and 
(C) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Tax Event or a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two 
members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will 
be available at the Fiscal Agent’s specified office during its normal business 
hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to the date set for redemption that 
such event has occurred or, in the case of a Tax Event relating to a requirement 
to pay Additional Amounts, will occur no more than 90 days following the 
date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
(ii) 
This Condition 6(j)(ii) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes: 
The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled or modified, substituted or 
varied (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(f), 
Condition 6(g), Condition 6(h), Condition 6(i), Condition 12, Condition 14 or 
paragraph (ii) of Condition 17 if: 
(A) 
in the case of any such substitution, variation or modification, the Issuer has 
notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not 
objected to, such substitution, variation or modification (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements; 
(B) 
in the case of any such redemption, purchase or cancellation, the Issuer has 
notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has given 
permission to, such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) in 
accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements (which, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, as at 23 December 2021, are set out in Articles 77 and 
78 of the CRR and any regulatory technical standards adopted by the 
Commission in relation thereto); and

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
(C) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Tax Event or a Capital Event, the 
Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two members of its Executive 
Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal 
Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 
Business Days prior to the date set for redemption that such event has 
occurred or, in the case of a Tax Event relating to a requirement to pay 
Additional Amounts, will occur no more than 90 days following the date fixed 
for redemption, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
If applicable to the Notes, if, after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to 
Condition 6(c)(i), Condition 6(c)(ii), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f) 
(as applicable), the Relevant Regulator withdraws its permission to the relevant 
redemption before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall 
automatically be revoked and the relevant redemption shall not be made until a new 
redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in this 
Condition 6(j) have been fulfilled. The redemption restriction described in this 
paragraph is referred to as the “Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restriction”. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any such redemption, 
purchase or cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to paragraph (i)(B) or (ii)(B), as 
applicable, of this Condition 6(j) (or, as the case may be, any withdrawal by the 
Relevant Regulator) of any such permission) will not constitute an Enforcement Event 
or an event of default under the relevant Notes. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made 
by transfer to an account denominated in the Specified Currency with a custody bank to the 
Noteholders shown in the relevant records of the Securities Depository, in accordance with, and 
subject to, the rules and regulations from time to time governing the Securities Depository. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives which are applicable to such payments in the place of payment 
or other laws to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by any such laws, regulations or directives, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payment on Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business 
Day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.  
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or any political subdivision or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by 
reason of their having some connection with Denmark other than the mere holding of 
the Note or the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of such Note; 
or 
(ii) 
Claim more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: where a claim for payment is 
made by the Noteholder more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
claiming payment on or before the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than Denmark, references in the Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to 
Denmark and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official 
interpretations thereunder. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be subject to limitation under the 
Danish Limitation Act and shall become void unless proceedings have been commenced or the limitation 
period has otherwise been suspended or interrupted pursuant to the rules of the Danish Limitation Act 
within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or three years (3) (in the case of interest) from the date 
when the creditor was entitled to claim payment within the meaning of Section 2 of the Danish Limitation 
Act. 
10. 
Enforcement Events 
 
(i) 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Noteholders shall not be entitled 
at any time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer (an “Enforcement Event”), any Noteholder may prove or claim in such 
proceedings in respect of the Notes, such claim being for payment of the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes at the time of commencement of such bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer together with any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the occurrence 
of such Enforcement Event and any other amounts payable on the Notes (including 
any damages payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in 
Condition 4. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 10(i) and without prejudice to Condition 10(ii), any Noteholder 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on 
the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution 
of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
11. 
Agents 
(a) 
Appointment of Agents: In addition to performing the tasks as the issuing agent, the Issuing 
Agent will perform the tasks of the fiscal agent (“Fiscal Agent”) as they are described in the 
Conditions and the tasks of the paying agent (“Paying Agent”), which is paying any amount 
due under the Notes in accordance with the Conditions. Unless the Calculation Agent is the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent in respect of any Notes shall be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
The Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder. 
(b) 
Replacement of Agents: The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other paying agents provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) an Issuing Agent, (ii) a Fiscal Agent, (iii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where 
the Conditions so require, (iv) a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), which is 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with the Securities Depository and (iv) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
12. 
Decisions by Noteholders 
(a) 
Powers of Noteholders’ Meeting and Written Procedure: 
(i) 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure shall, subject to the Conditions, have 
power to: 
(A) 
sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, 
variation or compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the 
Noteholders against the Issuer, whether or not those rights arise under the 
Notes; 
(B) 
sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes of, or the conversion of 
the Notes into, shares, notes or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or 
any other entity; 
(C) 
assent to any modification of the Notes or the Conditions proposed by the 
Issuer; 
(D) 
authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give 
effect to a resolution taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure; 
(E) 
appoint and elect a representative on behalf of the Noteholders, which, if the 
Securities Depository is VP, shall be pursuant to the Danish Capital Markets 
Act; 
(F) 
appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any 
powers or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure; and

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(G) 
approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as principal debtor under the Notes or the Conditions. 
(ii) 
Decisions to be taken by the Noteholders may be dealt with, at the option of the Issuer, 
at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 
(iii) 
A Noteholders’ Meeting will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to 
Condition 13. 
(iv) 
A Written Procedure will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to 
Condition 14. 
(b) 
Voting rights: 
(i) 
Each Noteholder holds one vote for each Note. The Issuer has no voting rights in 
respect of Notes held by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries. 
(ii) 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney from a person 
who is, able to document its holdings of Notes by: 
(A) 
presenting a custody account statement from the Securities Depository or an 
authorised institution that is not more than three Business Days old (where 
the three Business Days shall be counted from the date of the submission of 
the vote or power of attorney authorising a person to vote); or 
(B) 
providing other proof of holding which, in the case of a Noteholders’ Meeting 
is satisfactory to the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the case of a 
Written Procedure is satisfactory to the Issuer; 
(C) 
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders’ Meeting or 
in such Written Procedure. 
(i) 
For the purposes of this Condition 12(b), a beneficial owner of a Note that has a Note 
registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Condition 3(c), be deemed 
to be the owner of the Note rather than the nominee. No vote may be exercised at 
Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Written Procedure by any nominee if the beneficial owner 
of the Note has presented relevant evidence to the chairman of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ Meeting) or the Issuer (in case of a Written 
Procedure) pursuant to Condition 3(c) stating that it is the beneficial owner of the Notes 
voted for. If such owner of the Notes has voted directly for any of its nominee 
registered Notes, the owner of the Notes votes shall take precedence over votes 
submitted by the nominee for the same Notes. 
(c) 
Percentage of Noteholders required to consent: 
(i) 
The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least 75 
per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding for which 
Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a 
Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Condition 
14(a): 
(A) 
a change to the terms of any provision of Condition 4;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(B) 
a reduction of the amount payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any 
Note pursuant to Condition 6 other than as permitted or required by the 
Conditions; 
(C) 
a change to the interest rate or the nominal amount of the Notes (other than 
as permitted or required by the Conditions); 
(D) 
a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders’ consent 
set out in this Condition 12(c)(i); 
(E) 
a change of Issuer (other than as permitted or required by the Conditions), an 
extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment 
of any principal or interest on the Notes; 
(F) 
a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities (other than as 
permitted by the Conditions); and  
(G) 
early redemption of the Notes as permitted or required by the Conditions. 
(ii) 
Any matter not covered by Condition 12(c)(i) above shall require the consent of 
Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amounts 
of the Notes for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which 
Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure. 
(d) 
Quorum: 
(i) 
A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists 
if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts of the Notes in case of a matter pursuant to Condition 12(c)(i), and 
otherwise 20 per cent.of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding: 
(A) 
if at a Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone 
conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or 
(B) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
(ii) 
Notes held by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall not be taken into account when 
determining whether the required quorum has been met according to Condition 12(d)(i) 
or Condition 15(b). 
(iii) 
No resolution may be passed if it is clear that that resolution is likely to give certain 
Noteholders or others an undue advantage over other Noteholders. 
(e) 
Issuer’s, Paying Agent’s, Issuing Agent’s, the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s 
consent required: Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent, the Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or limits, reduces 
or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Agent, the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer’s, the 
Paying Agent’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s consent, as 
the case may be. 
(f) 
Decisions binding on all Noteholders and information to Noteholders:

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(i) 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of 
Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or 
represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The 
Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any 
damages that this may cause other Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written 
Procedure shall promptly be notified to the Noteholders, provided that a failure to do 
so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from 
the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a 
Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Minutes: Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every Noteholders’ 
Meeting or Written Procedure and, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of that meeting 
or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters in them. Until 
the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed shall be 
deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
13. 
Noteholders’ Meeting 
(a) 
Attendance at a Noteholder’s Meeting: 
(i) 
At the Noteholders’ Meeting, each Noteholder must document its holdings of Notes 
by presenting a custody account statement from the Securities Depository or an 
authorised account institution evidencing that such Noteholder was registered as a 
Noteholder on the Business Day specified in the notice to convene a Noteholders’ 
Meeting pursuant to Condition 13(c) or by providing other proof satisfactory to the 
chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The following may attend and speak at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(A) 
Noteholders and proxies; 
(B) 
any beneficial owners of the Notes having presented relevant evidence to the 
chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 3(c); 
(C) 
any representative of the Noteholders appointed pursuant to Condition 
12(a)(i)(E); 
(D) 
the chairman; and 
(E) 
the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent (through their respective 
representatives) and their respective financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
(b) 
Chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(i) 
The chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may 
nominate or, if no nomination is made, the person elected by the Noteholders present 
at such meeting. 
(ii) 
If the Securities Depository is VP, the Issuer shall upon request provide the chairman 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting with the information available in the securities register

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
kept by VP in respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. 
(c) 
Convening a Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(i) 
The Issuer may at any time, and shall, if so requested by one or more Noteholders 
representing at least 10 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes 
convene a Noteholders' Meeting or initiate a Written Procedure. The Issuer may refrain 
from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the 
suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Noteholders and 
such person has informed the Issuer that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the 
suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall call the Noteholders by notice to each Noteholders’ Meeting no later 
than 14 days after having received request to convene such Noteholders’ Meeting from 
the Noteholders containing the subject of such meeting. If the Issuer does not call the 
Noteholders’ Meeting within the deadline, the Noteholders shall be entitled to call the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. The notice to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be sent to 
each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the date on which the notice is 
sent. 
(d) 
Notice to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting: The notice pursuant to Condition 13(a) shall 
include the following: 
(i) 
time for the Noteholders’ Meeting, which must be at least 5 days, but not more than 
30 days after the notice to the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
place for the Noteholders’ Meeting (including by way of conference call or by use of 
a videoconference platform); 
(iii) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered as a 
Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(iv) 
agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders); and 
(v) 
a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may 
be resolved upon at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
(e) 
Venue for Noteholders’ Meetings: All Noteholders’ Meetings shall be held in the Copenhagen 
area and the Issuer shall pay expenses associated with the meeting other than travel and other 
expenses incurred by the Noteholders which shall be borne by each individual Noteholder. 
14. 
Written Procedure 
(a) 
Instigating a Written Procedure: 
(i) 
The Issuer may instigate a Written Procedure at any time by sending a communication 
to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the  date on which the 
communication is sent. 
(ii) 
A communication pursuant to Condition 14(a)(i) shall include the following:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(A) 
each request for a decision by the Noteholders; 
(B) 
a description of the reasons for each request; 
(C) 
a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered 
as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(D) 
instructions and directions on replying to the request (including a form for 
such reply containing an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as 
a form of power of attorney; and 
(E) 
the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the 
request (such time period to last at least eight (8) Business Days from the 
communication pursuant to Condition 14(a)(i)). 
If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included 
in the communication. 
(b) 
Decisions: When the requisite majority consents of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding pursuant to Condition 12(c) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant 
decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Condition 12(c) even if the time period for 
replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 
15. 
Repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure 
(a) 
Convening a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: 
(i) 
Even if the necessary quorum set out in Condition 12(d) is not achieved, the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall be held and voting 
completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. The Issuer or the person 
who convened the initial Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, 
may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure, as applicable, convene a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure, with the same agenda as the first Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure, as applicable. 
(ii) 
The provisions and procedures regarding a Noteholders’ Meetings and a Written 
Procedure, as set out, as applicable, in Conditions 12, 13 and 14 shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with the exception 
of the quorum requirements set out in Condition 12(d). A notice to convene for a 
repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall also contain 
the voting results obtained in the initial Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, 
as applicable. 
(iii) 
A repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may only be 
convened once for each initial Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable. A repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may 
be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Procedure in accordance with 
Condition 14, even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a 
Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Condition 13 and vice versa. 
(b) 
Quorum at a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: The quorum at any such 
repeated Noteholder’s Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, is one or more persons

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of a matter pursuant to 
Condition 12(c)(i), in which case the quorum shall be one or more persons holding Notes or 
representing Noteholders holding Notes in principal amount of not less than 33 1/3 per cent. of 
the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes. 
16. 
Representative 
Save to the extent referred to in Condition 12(a)(i)(E), no trustee, agent or representative of the 
Noteholders will be appointed. 
17. 
Modification of Notes 
The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Noteholders: 
(i) 
any modification to the Notes or the Conditions to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes or the Conditions which is not prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders, subject to Condition 6(j). 
Subject as provided in the Conditions, no other modification may be made to the Notes or the Conditions 
except with the consent of the Issuer and sanction of a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure or 
as may be required by applicable laws or a court ruling or decision by a relevant authority. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
18. 
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or in all respect except for the first payment of 
interest, if any, on them and/or the issue date or the issue price thereof) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in the Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
19. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository 
in force from time to time and in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date it is published in accordance with the procedures 
of the Securities Depository. 
20. 
Waiver and remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of a Noteholder, any right in the Conditions 
shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or 
future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other 
rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take 
other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice or demand. 
21. 
Governing law, jurisdiction and recognition of write-down or conversion powers

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
(a) 
Governing law:  Save as provided in the sentence that follows, the Conditions and the Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish law. If the Securities 
Depositary is VPS, Conditions 3(b) and 19 are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law.  
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Denmark shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that 
may arise out of or in connection with the Conditions and the Notes. 
(c) 
Recognition of write-down or conversion powers: For the avoidance of doubts, by its 
acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising 
under the Notes may be subject to (without limitation) the exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Article 48 of the 
BRRD and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Article 59 of the BRRD). Upon the Issuer being 
informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of any Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 19. Any delay or failure by the Issuer 
to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Danish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general banking purposes, including, 
without limitation, asset/liability management, strategic liquidity management and/or to fulfil own funds 
requirements. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SPAR NORD BANK A/S AND THE SPAR NORD BANK GROUP                                           
1. 
SPAR NORD BANK’S BUSINESS AND MARKET 
1.1 
Business 
1.1.1 
History and development of Spar Nord Bank 
Spar Nord Bank was founded in Aalborg on 12 May 1824, and North Jutland remains the Bank’s home 
region. Since 2001, Spar Nord has established itself as a nationwide chain of local banks.  
During the years since the growth strategy was initiated, Spar Nord Bank has acquired and established 
64 branches outside North Jutland, while 31 branches have been closed or merged.  
As at 31 December 2020, 29 of the Bank’s 51 branches were outside the North Denmark Region and, the 
North Denmark Region accounted for 29.8 per cent. of the loan, advances and guarantees.  
The acquisition of BankNordik’s Danish business was completed on 1 February 2021. As part of the 
transaction, the Issuer took over BankNordik’s 11 branches in Denmark, which immediately was merged 
to 6 branches. After this acquisition, Spar Nord Bank consists of 57 branches. 
Spar Nord Bank offers all types of financial services, consultancy and products, focusing its business on 
retail customers and small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”) in the local areas in which the Bank 
is represented. 
In January 2019, Spar Nord Bank was designated as a systematically important financial institution 
(“SIFI”) in Denmark. The appointment as a SIFI was reaffirmed by the Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (the “Danish FSA”) in June 2020.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Spar Nord Bank’s 57 local banks (branches) 
The registered office and principal place of business of Spar Nord Bank A/S is situated at Skelagervej 
15, DK-9000 Aalborg, Denmark. Its telephone number is +45 96 34 40 00 and the Bank is registered 
with the Danish Business Authority under CVR number 13 73 75 84 as a public limited liability company 
(in Danish; “aktieselskab”). 
The legal name of the Bank is Spar Nord Bank A/S and its commercial name is Spar Nord.  
1.1.2 
Business segments 
Spar Nord Bank consists of the business segments Spar Nord’s Local Banks and the Trading & Financial 
Markets Division. In addition, it has a number of corporate and support functions. Spar Nord’s Local 
Banks consists of the banking activities of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s branches, through which Spar 
Nord Bank serves retail and business customers and provides banking services such as loans and credit 
facilities, credit and debit cards as well as a broad range of savings, non-life insurance, life insurance and 
pension savings products. Moreover, Spar Nord’s Local Banks comprise the Spar Nord Bank Group’s 
leasing activities.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
The Trading & Financial Markets Division consists of Markets, Bonds, Shares, the Interest and Forex 
Division and Asset Management. This business area serves Spar Nord Bank’s own retail and business 
customers and institutional clients and is a provider of wholesale services (forex and security-related 
transactions, trade finance services and clearing services) to small and medium-sized banks. 
Selected information about the Spar Nord Bank Group’s business segments as at 31 December 2020 is 
provided in the table below: 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group - Selected information about business segments  
31.12.2020 
(in DKKm) 
Profit/loss before tax 
  
  
  
Local Banks 
  
  
593 
Trading, Financial Markets and International Division 
  
  
275 
Other Areas 
  
  
49 
Profit/loss before tax 
  
  
918 
Assets 
  
Local Banks 
  
  
43,841 
Trading, Financial Markets and International Division 
  
  
35,177 
Other Areas 
  
  
23,060 
Total assets allocated 
  
  
102,077 
1.1.3 
Strategy plan: The Personal Bank in a Digital World 2.0 
Spar Nord Bank’s strategic pointers for the years from 2020 and onwards are set out in our strategy plan, 
“The Personal Bank in a Digital World 2.0”. The strategy, approved by Spar Nord Bank’s Board of 
Directors in November 2019, springs from the fact that new generations seem to attach less importance 
than previous generations to the local presence that small banks as well as Spar Nord Bank have 
endeavoured to offer. At the same time, we realise that digital solutions have come a long way in recent 
years.  
Thus, the market seems to be polarising, with some banks putting more emphasis on local presence than 
on developing their digital offerings. Meanwhile, other banks are focusing more on digitalisation than 
on having a physical presence in their local regions. In this new competitive environment, Spar Nord 
Bank believes that the key to success lies in combining the two approaches and utilising digitalisation 
and data to become even more personal in its customer approach.  
This is the foundation for Spar Nord Bank’s strategic ambition of being “The Personal Bank in a Digital 
World 2.0”. The main implications of this ambition are that Spar Nord Bank will maintain a relatively 
high number of branches and focus strongly on providing personal advice and service. Also, Spar Nord 
Bank will invest in digital initiatives that will make the banking experience even more personal and use 
data as a means of getting to know our customers better. 
Combined with the strategy plan “The Personal Bank in a Digital World 2.0”, Spar Nord Bank has 
defined three Must Win Battles which the Bank must win to realise its strategic goals. These battles are 
fought on the basis of specific focal points and benchmarks for the organisation which are translated into 
goals and KPIs for centralised and local follow-up.  
Must Win Battle #1: “Personal advisory services and new products”. The focus here is on providing 
attentive and personal services to customers – something viewed by Spar Nord Bank as a paramount 
competitive parameter in the years ahead. Spar Nord Bank will focus on delivering even better services 
and products to retail and business customers alike.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Must Win Battle #2: “An effective and dynamic organisation”. The second Must Win Battle is about 
developing expertise, organisation and the tools and processes required to ensure that as much time as 
possible is spent on customers and as little time as possible on administration and paper work.  
Must Win Battle #3: “A proper bank”. In coming years, Spar Nord Bank will make strategic and 
systematic efforts to ensure that, in all aspects of the Bank’s business, the Bank lives up to its corporate 
responsibilities and the expectations which customers and the general public have for the way in which 
the business should be run.  
1.1.4 
Customers and credit granting 
The Bank’s primary target groups are retail customers, private banking customers and SMEs in the local 
areas where the Bank has a presence. In special cases, we offer asset financing abroad (primarily in 
Germany). Leasing products are offered to business customers in addition to traditional bank financing 
options. 
As an entity, the Trading & Financial Markets Division serves customers from Spar Nord’s Local Banks 
as well as large retail customers and institutional clients in the field of equities, bonds, fixed income, 
forex products, asset management and international transactions. 
Finally, under the umbrella concept SparXpres, the Bank offers consumer financing via retail stores, gift 
voucher solutions via shopping centres and shopping centre associations and direct loans via the website, 
sparxpres.dk (the information on the sparexpres.dk website does not form part of this Prospectus). 
1.1.5 
Customer focus and exposure 
In its retail segment, Spar Nord Bank gives priority to full-service customers in the sense that it wants to 
be a banker for financially sound customers and their entire families, thus catering to all their banking 
needs. The Bank focuses its day-to-day operations on retaining existing full-service customers, turning 
existing non-regular customers into full-service customers and attracting new customers. 
In the business customer segment, Spar Nord Bank focuses on sound businesses across industry sectors. 
In other words, it is to a large degree the structure of a local business community and the local focus that 
determine the distribution of industry sectors in the individual banking areas.  
Spar Nord Bank’s credit exposure at Group level is characterised by a higher-than-average exposure to 
retail customers and good sector diversification in its business customer portfolio. 
Spar Nord Bank generally aims to be the customer’s primary banker and hopes that customers conduct 
their basic banking business with the Bank. However, after a concrete assessment Spar Nord Bank may 
accept that the customer also banks with another one, two or three institutions, provided the Bank knows 
the extent of the credit facilities granted by these institutions. 
The following table sets forth Spar Nord Bank Group’s loans, advances and guarantees by industry. 
  
2020 
2019 
Agriculture, hunting, forestry and fisheries 
4.5 
4.3
Industry and raw materials extraction 
3.7 
4.4
Utilities 
2.7 
2.5
Building and construction 
3.7 
3.7
Trade 
5.0 
6.2
Transport, hotels and restaurants 
3.6 
3.9
Information and communication 
0.4 
0.4
Financing and insurance 
18.7 
16.8
Real property 
9.8 
10.8

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Other corporate 
5.7 
5.5
Total commercial 
57.7 
58.6
Public authorities 
1.4 
1.8
Total retail customers 
40.9 
39.6
 
  
Total 
100.0 
100.0
 
1.1.6 
Distribution 
The 57 local bank branches throughout Denmark constitute the backbone of Spar Nord Bank’s 
distribution network. Spar Nord Bank gives very high priority to personalised advisory services in its 
physical branches, supplementing them with self-service solutions such as well-functioning online 
banking and mobile platforms. 
As an entity, the Trading & Financial Markets Division serves customers from Spar Nord’s Local Banks 
as well as large retail customers and institutional clients in the field of equities, bonds, fixed income, 
forex products, asset management and international transactions.  
1.1.7 
Business partners 
Spar Nord Bank has an open structure and the bank forms part of a large number of strategic business 
relations. Spar Nord Bank aims to offer its customers financial solutions, products and advisory services 
in all areas, and in many of these areas the business has been outsourced to external providers and 
business partners. 
With the aim of achieving greater cost efficiency and increase user-friendliness towards its customers, 
Spar Nord Bank migrated to the BEC data centre in 2016. BEC is characterised by having a number of 
large member banks which, together with Spar Nord Bank, can contribute to the development capacity 
required in future banking operations. 
Some of the most important business partners in the various product and advisory service areas include: 
• 
Totalkredit (mortgage-credit institution); 
• 
DLR Kredit (mortgage-credit institution); 
• 
Bankinvest (investment associations); 
• 
Valueinvest (investment associations); 
• 
Privatsikring (non-life insurance – retail); 
• 
Letpension (life insurance and pension product provider); 
• 
Nets (payment services); 
• 
Nærpension (pension products for business customers); 
• 
Bokis (procurement partnership in payment cards and payment services); and 
• 
Mobile Pay (shared mobile payment solution).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
1.2 
Financial Performance 
The selected financial information provided below has been extracted from the audited consolidated 
financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The audited 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are 
incorporated in this Prospectus by reference. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2019 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and furnished with 
an unqualified auditors’ report by Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionpartnerselskab.  
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionpartnerselskab, Weidekampsgade 6, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, 
Denmark have been appointed as the Issuer’s independent registered public accounting firm for the 
financial year ending on 31 December 2019 and onwards. The consolidated financial statements for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS, as adopted by the EU. 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group - Income statement (DKKm) 
2020 
2019 
Net interest income  
1,584 
1,573 
Net fee income 
1,238 
1,225 
Market value adjustments and dividends 
433 
379 
Other income  
71 
160 
Core income 
3,326 
3,338 
Staff costs 
1,293 
1,218 
Operating expenses 
806 
796 
Costs and expenses 
2,099 
2,014 
Core earnings before impairment 
1,227 
1,324 
Loan impairments etc.  
309 
22 
Profit/loss before tax 
918 
1,302 
Tax 
181 
243 
Profit/loss for the year 
737 
1,059 
Interest expenses to holders of Additional Tier 1 Capital 
49 
49 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
102,077 
93,113 
Loans and advances 
52,312 
51,312 
  - Lending, banking and leasing activities 
42,494 
43,157 
  - Lending, reverse repo transactions 
9,819 
8,155 
Deposits 
78,881 
70,602 
  - Deposits, banking activities 
58,084 
53,279 
  - Deposits, repo transactions 
333 
0 
  - Deposits in pooled schemes 
Issued bonds 
20,464 
2,670 
17,323 
2,637 
Subordinated debt  
1,333 
1,322 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
794 
860 
Shareholders’ equity 
9,596 
8,901 
Guarantees 
15,591 
14,766 
  
Total risk exposure amount 
54,865 
55,963 
Tier 1 Capital 
10,193 
9,032 
Impairment account and discount on commitments taken over **) 
1,717 
1,503

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group - Income statement (DKKm) 
2020 
2019 
Contractual non-performing loans 
275 
303 
Business volume 
291,310 
272,431 
 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group – Financial ratios 
2020 
2019 
Total capital 
  
 
Own Funds Ratio 
21.0 
18.5 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
18.6 
16.1 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
17.2 
14.6 
 
  
 
Earnings 
  
 
Return on equity before tax excl. Additional Tier 1 Capital *)  
9.4 
14.5 
Return on equity after tax excl. Additional Tier 1 Capital *) 
7.4 
11.7 
Cost share of core income (DKK) 
0.63 
0.60 
Cost share of core income- incl. loan impairments, etc. (DKK) 
0.72 
0.61 
Return on assets (%) 
0.7 
1.1 
 
  
 
Market risk and liquidity 
  
 
Interest rate risk (%) 
1.1 
0.6 
Foreign exchange position (%) 
0.9 
1.0 
Foreign exchange risk (%) 
0.1 
0.1 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) (%) 
241 
195 
Bank and leasing loans relative to bank deposits (%) 
73.2 
81.0 
 
  
 
Credit risk 
  
 
Bank and leasing loans relative to shareholders’ equity (%) 
4.4 
4.8 
Increase in loans and advances for the year (%) 
-1.5 
9.1 
Sum of large exposures (%)   
78.1 
83.6 
Impairment ratio (%) 
0.4 
0.0 
 
  
 
Employees and branches 
  
 
Number of employees (full-time equivalents, end of period) 
1,545 
1,549 
Number of branches 
51 
49 
 
*) The financial ratio has been calculated as if the Additional Tier 1 Capital were treated as a liability for accounting purposes, 
which means that the calculation of the financial ratio has been based on the shareholders’ share of profit and equity. The 
shareholders’ share of profit and equity appears from the statement of changes in equity. 
1.3 
Market 
The Danish banking market is characterised by great diversification with a relatively large number of 
banks (63 Danish institutions and 28 branches of foreign banks). The market is more consolidated in 
terms of market share, with the ten largest banks holding a combined market share of about 86 per cent. 
The largest players are the two international financial groups Danske Bank and Nordea. In addition, a 
number of banks provide more or less full market coverage. These are Jyske Bank, Sydbank, Spar Nord 
Bank, Nykredit Bank, Vestjysk Bank and Arbejdernes Landsbank. The rest of the Danish banking market 
consists of a large number of small local banks and savings banks.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Spar Nord Bank’s competitors thus comprise large international players as well as small local and 
regional banks. As for the latter group, competition mainly involves building as many local ties and as 
strong a commitment to the local community as possible, while for the former group, attractive products 
and pricing are the most important factors. For both of these competitor groups, it is extremely important 
to provide a high level of quality in personalised advisory services, which requires, among other things, 
employees with strong professional skills and strong personal relations with retail and business 
customers. 
Since 2009, the Danish banking sector has experienced negative growth in its overall lending and 
business volume. Accordingly, winning market share in order to maintain business volume has been 
essential. 
1.4 
Organisational Structure 
Spar Nord Bank is the parent company of the Spar Nord Bank Group, which consists of Spar Nord Bank 
and its subsidiary. Spar Nord Bank’s organisation chart is shown below: 
Spar Nord Bank’s organisational structure 
 
1.5 
Spar Nord Bank 
Spar Nord Bank is listed on the Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, and is a component of the Large Cap segment. 
The share capital amounts to DKK 1,230,025,260, divided into shares of DKK 10 each. As at 31 
December 2020, Spar Nord Bank had approximately 93,500 shareholders. The ten largest shareholders 
combined held about 52 per cent. of the share capital. About 67 per cent. of the share capital is held by 
foundations and institutional investors and other major shareholders, while 33 per cent. of the share 
capital is held by shareholders who each own fewer than 20,000 shares. Geographically speaking, about 
74 per cent. of the share capital is owned by Danish investors and about 26 per cent. by foreign investors. 
Spar Nord Bank has two shareholders who have announced that they each hold more than 5 per cent. of 
the share capital. Spar Nord Fonden (the Spar Nord Foundation) is the largest shareholder, having an 
interest of 19.3 per cent. Nykredit Realkredit A/S is the second largest shareholder, having an interest of 
14.0 per cent.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
1.6 
Spar Nord Bank’s subsidiary 
The following table shows Spar Nord Bank’s subsidiary owned by Spar Nord Bank at the date of this 
Prospectus as well as a specification of its ownership interest. Spar Nord Bank’s ownership interest 
corresponds to its voting shares in the company listed below. 
Spar Nord Bank’s subsidiary as at the date of this Prospectus 
 
Name 
Registered office Country of incorporation 
Ownership 
interest 
Aktieselskabet Skelagervej 15 Aalborg  
Denmark 
100 % 
1.7 
Associates 
Spar Nord Bank has equity investments in a number of associates, of which Danske Andelskassers Bank 
is the most important. As at 31 December 2020, Spar Nord Bank’s stake in Danske Andelskassers Bank 
amounted to approx. 31.9 per cent. After purchases of shares in the third quarter of 2021, Spar Nord 
Bank’s stake in Danske Andelskassers Bank increased to 36.67 per cent. As a result of the increased 
shareholding and pursuant to section 45 of the Danish Capital Markets Act, Spar Nord Bank was required 
to submit a mandatory takeover offer to all of Danske Andelskassers Bank’s other shareholders. Other 
associates in which Spar Nord Bank has significant equity investments include Vækstinvest Nordjylland 
A/S, SNB Private Equity IV K/S and Core Property Management P/S.  
1.8 
Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors and Executive Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors consists of: 
1.8.1 
Kjeld Johannesen 
Kjeld Johannesen was born in 1953 and has been a member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors 
since 2014. Kjeld Johannesen holds a BCom (Marketing) and was previously the CEO of Danish Crown 
for 27 years. Moreover, Kjeld Johannesen has management experience from a large number of 
directorships of companies and interest groups. 
 
Kjeld Johannesen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
KPC Holding A/S 
• 
Hamlet Protein A/S 
• 
New Nutrition ApS 
• 
New Nutrition Holding ApS 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Dat-Schaub A/S 
• 
Kpc Finans III A/S 
 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Aktieselskabet Schouw & Co 
• 
Direktør Hans Hornsyld og Hornsyld 
og Hustru Eva Hornsylds Legat 
• 
Direktør Svend Hornsylds Legat 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Dat-Schaub A/S 
• 
Daka Denmark A/S 
• 
Tulip Food Company A/S (deputy 
chairman)

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Kjeld Johannesen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
CLK 2016 Holding ApS 
• 
Kjeld Johannesen Holding ApS 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
• 
Danish Crown A/S 
• 
Leverandørselskabet Danish Crown 
AmbA 
1.8.2 
Per Nikolaj Bukh 
Per Nikolaj Bukh was born in 1965 and has been Deputy Chairman of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of 
Directors since 2016. Per Nikolaj Bukh holds an MSc and a PhD in economics. Per Nikolaj Bukh works 
as a professor at Aalborg University and also has management experience from several directorships. 
 
Per Nikolaj Bukh’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Jurist- & Økonomforbundets Forlag 
A/S 
• 
Jurist- & Økonomforbundets 
Forlagsfond 
• 
Professionshøjskolen University 
College Nordjylland 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
• 
Oberst H. Parkovs Mindefond 
 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Padborg Ejendomme ApS 
• 
Jurist- og Økonomiforbundets Forlag 
Holding A/S 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
P.N. Bukh ApS 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Value Spread 1 ApS 
1.8.3 
Henrik Sjøgreen 
Henrik Sjøgreen was born in 1964 and has been a member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors since 
2020.  
Henrik Sjøgreen has a financial service background and is the CEO of FIH A/S.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Henrik Sjøgreen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Simon Fougner Hartmanns Fond  
 
 
 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
FIH II A/S 
• 
Fs Property Finance A/S 
• 
Axcel Industriinvestor Invest A/S 
• 
Datoselskabet af 1. Oktober 2015 A/S 
• 
Pristine Invest III Aps 
 
 
 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Danmarks Skibskredit A/S 
• 
FIH Holding A/S 
• 
FIH A/S 
• 
Henrik Frode Obels Fond 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
FIH Partners A/S 
• 
Lfm Invest A/S 
 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
FIH A/S 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Fih Holding A/S 
• 
Pristine Invest II Aps 
• 
Kappa Properties Aps 
1.8.4 
Kaj Christiansen  
Kaj Christiansen was born in 1955 and has been a member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors since 
2012. Kaj Christiansen is a state-authorised public accountant and until 2018 was CEO of FME, 
Frederikshavn Maritime Erhvervspark A/S. 
 
Kaj Christiansen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Dokøen A/S 
• 
Frederikshavn Maritime 
Erhvervspark A/S 
• 
Spar Nord Foundation 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Fonden Arena Nord 
• 
Northern Offshore Service A/S 
• 
Ringvejens Erhvervsinvest A/S

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Kaj Christiansen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Dokøen A/S 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
KS Værftsvej 23, Aalborg 
• 
Komplementaranpartsselskabet Værftsvej 
• 
Frederikshavn Maritime Erhvervspark A/S 
• 
Komanditaktieselskabet Østre havn 
• 
Østre Havn Aalborg ApS 
• 
Danyard Holding ApS 
1.8.5 
Morten Bach Gaardboe 
Morten Bach Gaardboe was born in 1968 and has been a member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors 
since 2016. Morten Bach Gaardboe has a financial services background and is the CEO of Altru ApS, 
Ejendomsselskabet Hans Egedes Vej 29 ApS, FEG Invest ApS og Gaardboe 2 Holding ApS. 
 
Morten Bach Gaardboe’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five 
years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Gefion Group A/S 
• 
Svend Aage Nielsen, Autoriseret 
ElinstallatørA/S 
• 
Slagelse Erhvervscenter A/S 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Leto Leasing P/S 
• 
Rødovre Port Holding A/S 
 
 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
 
 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
P.T.O. Teknik A/S 
• 
Altru ApS 
• 
FEG Invest ApS 
• 
Fynboglas ApS 
• 
Glascom A/S 
• 
FEG Invest 2 ApS 
• 
Dansk Glassliberi A/S

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Morten Bach Gaardboe’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five 
years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Altru ApS 
• 
Ejendomsselskabet Hans Egedes Vej 29 
ApS 
• 
FEG Invest ApS 
• 
Gaardboe 2 Holding ApS 
• 
Glascom A/S 
• 
FEG Invest 2 ApS 
• 
Dansk Glassliberi A/S

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
1.8.6 
André Rogaczewski 
André Rogaczewski was born in 1968 and has been a member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors 
since 2021. André Rogaczewski holds an MSc in data science and is CEO of Netcompany A/S. 
 
André Rogaczewski’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Netcompany A/S 
• 
Fonden for Entreprenørskab 
• 
Smarter Airports A/S 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
• 
Auction Group A/S 
• 
Secure Payment Holding A/S 
• 
Blue Cell Therapeutics Aps 
• 
Payproff A/S 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Shopall 24 Technology ApS 
• 
Netcompany Holding I A/S 
• 
Netcompany Holding ApS 
• 
Fire Eater A/S 
• 
Berlingske Media A/S 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Netcompany A/S 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None  
 
1.8.7 
Jannie Skovsen 
Jannie Skovsen was born in 1965 and has been an employee-elected member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board 
of Directors since 2008. Jannie Skovsen has a financial services background, Board of Directors training  
and holds a Financial post-graduate training. Jannie Skovsen is a workplace representative of Spar Nord 
Bank and serves as an employee representative on Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors. 
 
Jannie Skovsen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
The Financial Services Union “Spar 
Nord Kreds” 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
BOARD MEMBER 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
None

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Jannie Skovsen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five 
years 
• 
The Financial Services Union 
executive committee 
• 
The Spar Nord Foundation 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
• 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
1.8.8 
Kim Østergaard 
Kim Østergaard was born in 1985 and has been an employee-elected member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board 
of Directors since 2020. Kim Østergaard has a financial services background, Board of Directors training 
and holds a financial post-graduate training and business diploma (business development). Kim 
Østergaard is a workplace representative of Spar Nord Bank and serves as an employee representative 
on Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors. 
 
Kim Østergaard’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Subaio Aps 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Young Money 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
None 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
1.8.9 
Lene Aaen 
Lene Aaen was born in 1970 and has been a member of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors since 2018. 
Lene Aaen has a financial services background, Board of Directors training  and holds a Financial post-
graduate training. Lene Aaen is a workplace representative of Spar Nord Bank and serves as an employee 
representative on Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors. 
 
Lene Aaen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
•

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Lene Aaen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
The Financial Services Union “Spar 
Nord Kreds” 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
None 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, Spar Nord Bank’s Executive Board consists of: 
1.8.10 
Lasse Nyby 
Lasse Nyby was born in 1960 and was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Spar Nord Bank in 2000. 
Lasse Nyby has a financial services background and holds a BCom in management and accounting and 
has completed an executive education programme at INSEAD in France. Lasse Nyby also has 
management experience from several directorships. 
 
Lasse Nyby’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Aktieselskabet Skelagervej 15 
 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Erhvervsinvest Nord A/S 
• 
Komplementarselskabet Clearwater 
International ApS 
• 
Spar Nord Ejendomsselskab A/S – ceased 
to exist by merger 
• 
JSNA Holding ApS 
• 
Spar Nord Leasing A/S – ceased to exist 
by merger 
 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
AP Pension Livsforsikringsselskab 
• 
AP Pensionsservice 
• 
Foreningen AP Pension F.M.B.A. 
• 
Nykredit A/S 
• 
PRAS A/S (deputy chairman) 
• 
Finans Danmark 
• 
FR I af 16. September 2015 A/S 
• 
National Banks of Denmark 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Vækst-invest Nordjylland A/S 
• 
PRAS A/S 
• 
AP Skadesforsikring Aktieselskab A/S 
• 
Totalkredit A/S

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
1.8.11 
John Lundsgaard 
John Lundsgaard was born in 1964 and was appointed Managing Director of Spar Nord Bank in 2000. 
John Lundsgaard has a financial services background and holds a Master of Business Administration 
(MBA). John Lundsgaard also has management experience from several directorships. 
 
John Lundsgaard’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
Factor Insurance Brokers A/S 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
SDC A/S 
• 
Høgsberg Assurance Service A/S 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Aktieselskabet Skelagervej 15 
(deputy chairman) 
• 
BOKIS A/S 
• 
Bankernes EDB Central a.m.b.a 
• 
Finanssektorens 
Uddannelsescenter 
• 
Kunsten Museum of Modern Art, 
Aalborg 
• 
Utzon Center A/S 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Bolighed A/S 
• 
Swipp ApS 
• 
Swipp Holding ApS 
• 
Finanassektorens Arbejdsgiverforening 
• 
Aktieselskabet Skelagervej 15 
• 
Spar Nord Ejendomsselskab A/S – ceased to 
exist by merger 
• 
Letpension A/S 
 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
1.8.12 
Lars Møller 
Lars Møller was born in 1957 and was appointed Managing Director of Spar Nord Bank in 2000. Lars 
Møller has a financial services background and has completed an executive education programme at 
INSEAD in France. Lars Møller also has management experience from several directorships. 
 
Lars Møller’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
BI Asset Management 
Fondsmæglerselskab A/S 
• 
BI Holding A/S 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Lars Møller’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
• 
BI Management A/S 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Aktieselskabet Skelagervej 15 
• 
DLR Kredit A/S (deputy chairman) 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Erhvervsinvest Nord A/S 
• 
Spar Nord Ejendomsselskab A/S – ceased 
to exist by merger 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
 
1.8.13 
Martin Kudsk Rasmussen 
Martin Kudsk Rasmussen was born in 1978 and was appointed Managing Director of Spar Nord Bank 
in 2020. Martin Kudsk Rasmussen has a financial services background and has completed an executive 
education programme at INSEAD in France. 
 
Martin Kudsk Rasmussen’s current directorships and directorships resigned within the past 
five years 
Current directorships 
Resigned directorships within the past five years 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
 
CHAIRMAN 
• 
None 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
Letpension A/S 
• 
SNB II Komplementar ApS 
• 
SNB IV Komplementar ApS 
• 
Vækst Invest Nordjylland A/S 
• 
Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 
29. marts 1976 
BOARD MEMBER 
• 
None 
 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
• 
None 
 
The business address of the members of Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors and Executive Board is 
Skelagervej 15, 9000 Aalborg, Denmark. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Bank of members of the Board of 
Directors or Executive Board and their private interests and/or other duties

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
2. 
CAPITAL AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
Spar Nord Bank has adopted a number of policies and instructions to ensure that the Spar Nord Bank 
Group consistently has adequate capital and cash resources to comply with statutory requirements and to 
support the Group’s future activities and growth.  
The Spar Nord Bank Group pursues a target of a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 13.5 per cent, 
while the target for the Spar Nord Bank Group’s Own Funds Ratio is 17.5 per cent. The targets were 
raised when the Bank was designated as a SIFI institution in January 2019. 
With respect to cash resources, Spar Nord Bank aims for the Group’s lending and liquidity reserves to 
be funded long-term using customer deposits, senior loans, issued bonds, subordinated debt and 
shareholders’ equity. Subordinated debt, senior loans and issued bonds falling due within 12 months are 
not included in this calculation. Moreover, Spar Nord Bank’s objective is for the LCR to amount to at 
least 125 per cent. and to have liquidity ratios for both the liquidity benchmark and funding ratio that 
comply with the threshold values of the Danish FSA’s Supervisory Diamond. 
The European Commission’s proposal for CRR II has been finally adopted, as a result of which the 
liquidity requirement in the form of the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) will apply from mid-2021. 
The use of the NSFR seeks to ensure stable funding profiles for the individual banks, the focus being the 
relationship between the term of individual assets and funding. The NSFR ratio is to be calculated for a 
12-month horizon. Spar Nord Bank’s objective is for the NSFR to amount to at least 105 per cent. 
2.1 
Capitalisation 
Spar Nord Bank is licensed to carry on banking activities and is as such subject to a capital requirement 
pursuant to the CRR, the CRD Directive and the Danish Financial Business Act. Amongst other things, 
the CRR lays down rules for calculating own funds and total risk exposure amount (“REA”). 
2.1.1 
Capital policy 
Spar Nord Bank has adopted a capital policy, which forms the foundation of Spar Nord Bank’s risk 
profile in terms of capital. The capital policy aims to ensure that Spar Nord Bank consistently complies 
with applicable legislation in respect of the following three areas: 
• 
Calculation of risk exposure, own funds and capital requirement: 
• 
Individual solvency need and supervision procedures: and 
• 
Market discipline through a number of disclosure obligations. 
Spar Nord Bank has adopted a number of guidelines to ensure that it constantly has access to sufficient 
capital to support its future business activities and growth. At the same time, Spar Nord Bank must be 
able to overcome cyclical downturns and absorb unexpected substantial credit losses and substantial 
negative changes in the value of market-risk-related positions.  
2.1.2 
Own Funds 
Own funds are composed of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. 
The table below shows the Spar Nord Bank Group’s issues of own funds as at 31 December 2020. All 
issues meet the requirements laid down in the CRR with a view to inclusion in the calculation of own 
funds.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group’s issues of subordinated debt at 31 December 2020 (DKKm)  
 
Principal 
Issue date 
First call date 
Additional Tier 1 Capital - DK0030386297 
450 
06/12/201
6 
06/12/2021 
Additional Tier 1 Capital - DK0030465083 
330 
15/04/202
0 
15/04/2025 
Tier 2 capital - NO0010808033 
444 
18/10/201
7 
18/10/2022 
Tier 2 capital - DK0030422357 
400 
19/06/201
8 
19/06/2023 
Tier 2 capital - DK0030431341 
150 
29/11/201
8 
29/05/2024 
Tier 2 capital - DK0030432075 
350 
29/11/201
8 
29/05/2024 
 
The table below shows a calculation of own funds as at 31 December 2020 for the Spar Nord Bank Group 
on the basis of the book equity.  
 
Spar Nord Bank Group - Own Funds (DKKm) 
  
31.12.202
0 
 
 
 
Shareholders’ equity according to balance sheet 
  
10,390 
Transitional arrangements for mitigating the impact of the 
introduction of IFRS 9 
  
433 
Deduction tier 1 capital included in equity 
 
-794 
Proposed Dividend 
 
-185 
Intangible assets 
 
-141 
Other primary dedutions 
 
-53 
Deduction insignificant capital shares - CET1 instruments  
   
-132 
Deduction  significant capital shares - CET1 instruments 
  
-95 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
  
9,422 
Tier 1 capital 
  
773 
Deduction – Holdings of insignificant AT1 capital 
  
-2 
Total Tier 1 Capital 
  
10,193 
Tier 2 instruments 
 
1,324 
Deduction- Holdings of insignificant Tier 2 capital 
  
-3 
Own Funds 
  
11,514 
 
2.1.3 
Risk exposure amount and capital ratios 
REA is a risk measure used, among other things, for determining the minimum own funds requirement 
and also for calculating capital ratios, the total capital requirement (including buffer requirement and the 
individual solvency need) and MREL requirement. The risk exposure represents the basis for determining 
the capital that must be reserved relative to the risk undertaken by Spar Nord Bank in activities involving 
credit and market risk. Finally, operational risk is a component of the total Risk Exposure Amount.  
A variety of factors impact the REA, including the distribution of credit exposures on customer categories 
and products. The risk exposure for credit risk and market risk is calculated on the basis of the CRR 
standardised approach. The market value approach is used for calculating counterparty risk, while the

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
calculation of operational risk is made using the basic indicator approach. In addition, Spar Nord Bank 
exercises the option to apply lower weighting to credit risk, including the use of the exposure categories 
retail customers and mortgages on real property as well as the Financial Collateral Comprehensive 
Method.  
The figure below shows Spar Nord Bank’s use of capital models for calculating risk exposure. 
 
Spar Nord Bank’s use of capital models to calculate risk exposure 
Risk 
Method 
Credit risk 
Standardised approach 
Counterparty risk 
Market value approach 
Valuation of collateral security 
Comprehensive method 
Market risk 
Standardised approach 
Operational risk 
Basic indicator approach 
CVA – Credit Value Adjustment 
Standardised approach 
 
 
The table below shows capital ratios and the REA as at 31 December 2020 for the Spar Nord Bank 
Group. As shown in the table, both the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and the own funds ratio 
were more than one percentage point higher than the target.  
 
Spar Nord Bank Group’s Total Risk Exposure Amount and Capital Ratios    
31.12.2020 
Risk Exposure Amount 
  
  
  
Weighted risk exposure amount, credit risk etc. (DKKm) 
  
  
45,277 
Weighted risk exposure amount, market risk (DKKm) 
  
  
3,994 
Weighted risk exposure amount, operational risk (DKKm) 
  
  
5,594 
Total Risk Exposure Amount (DKKm) 
  
  
54,865 
  
  
  
  
Capital Ratios 
  
  
  
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
  
  
17.2 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
  
  
18.6 
Own Funds Ratio 
  
  
21.0 
 
2.1.4 
Individual solvency requirement 
The Danish Financial Business Act, the CRD Directive and SREP guidelines stipulates requirements for 
the individual solvency requirement and any additional capital requirements. These requirements are to 
cover the risks not sufficiently covered by the minimum own funds requirement of 8 per cent. pursuant 
to the CRR. Such risks include business risks and special credit risks.  
Spar Nord Bank uses the so-called 8+ approach recommended by the Danish FSA in its guideline. The 
8+ approach is based on the statutory minimum capital requirement of 8.0 per cent. of the REA (Pillar 
1) plus add-ons for risks and matters not fully reflected in the calculation of the REA. In other words, 
ordinary risks are assumed to be covered by the 8 per cent. requirement, and, consequently a position has 
to be taken on the extent to which an institution has additional risks that necessitate an add-on to the 
calculated solvency need (Pillar 2).  
In the guidelines issued by the Danish FSA, benchmarks have been defined within a number of risk areas 
determining when the Danish FSA basically finds that Pillar 1 is insufficient, and that an add-on to the 
minimum own funds requirement is required. In addition, to the extent possible methods have been 
introduced for calculating the amount of the add-on within the individual risk areas. Based on the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
guidelines issued by the Danish FSA, Spar Nord Bank’s Board of Directors determines Spar Nord Bank’s 
sufficient own funds and individual solvency need based on the recommendation of the Solvency and 
Risk Management Committee.  
Spar Nord Bank’s calculation method follows the guidelines issued by the Danish FSA and is based on 
an assessment of risks within the following nine key areas:  
1. 
Earnings  
2. 
Growth in lending  
3. 
Credit risks  
4. 
Market risk  
5. 
Liquidity risk  
6. 
Operational risk  
7. 
Leverage  
8. 
Regulatory maturity of capital instruments  
9. 
Other risks  
The impact of the individual areas on the solvency need has been calculated directly using the methods 
designated by the Danish FSA in its guidelines, and by making supplementary calculations. An estimate 
has been made in selected risk areas.  
The table below shows a calculation of the own funds requirement as at 31 December 2020 for the Spar 
Nord Bank Group. 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group’s sufficient own funds by risk area 
2020 
(DKKm) 
2020 
(% of 
REA*) 
Minimum 8% requirement 
  
Credit risk, incl. CVA 
  
3,622 
6.6 
Market risk 
  
320 
0.6 
Operational risk 
  
448 
0.8 
Total 
  
4,389 
8.0 
 
 
 
 
Add-on to solvency need 
  
Credit risk 
  
236 
0.4 
Market risk 
  
505 
0.9 
Other risks 
  
283 
0.5 
Total add-on 
 
1,024 
1.9 
Total 
  
5,413 
9.9 
*) REA = Risk Exposure Amount

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Sufficient own funds for Spar Nord Bank as at 30 September 2021 have been calculated and correspond 
to a solvency need ratio of 9.7 per cent.  
2.1.5 
Combined buffer requirement 
By virtue of the implementation of the CRD Directive into the Danish Financial Business Act, Danish 
financial institutions must comply with a number of capital buffer requirements. A common feature of 
all buffer requirements is that only Common Equity Tier 1 Capital may be used for meeting the bank’s 
combined buffer requirement. If a financial institution fails to meet the combined buffer requirement, it 
would face restrictions in terms of making dividend payments and other distributions.  
The combined capital buffer requirement consists of a countercyclical capital buffer, a capital 
conservation buffer and a systemic buffer. In addition, a buffer requirement applies to banks designated 
as SIFIs. 
The Danish Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs determines the countercyclical buffer 
rate in Denmark after recommendations from The Systemic Risk Council. At the meeting in June 2021, 
The Systemic Risk Council recommended to reactivate the countercyclical capital buffer at a rate of 1.0 
per cent. from 30 September 2022. On 23 June 2021, the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial 
Affairs decided to increase the countercyclical capital buffer in line with the recommendation. On 14 
December 2021, The Systemic Risk Council recommended a further increase in the capital buffer rate to 
2.0 per cent. from 31 December 2022 and announced that The Systemic Risk Council expects to 
recommend a further increase of the buffer rate of 0.5 percentage points to 2.5 per cent at its meeting in 
March 2022, unless there is a significant slowdown in risk build-up in the financial system. On 15 
December 2021, the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs decided to increase the 
countercyclical capital buffer rate to 2.0 per cent. with effect from 31 December 2022. At the date of this 
Prospectus, it is not possible to predict the future development of the countercyclical capital buffer in 
Denmark. The capital conservation buffer serves to ensure a more robust financial sector in terms of a 
strengthened Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. Phasing in of the buffer requirement commenced in 
2016, and it will be fully phased-in in 2019, when banks must reserve 2.5 per cent. of their total Risk 
Exposure Amount. 
After being designated a SIFI institution, Spar Nord Bank is subject to a 1.0 per cent. SIFI buffer 
requirement, which must be complied with by the end of 2021. 
The table below shows the calculated combined buffer requirement as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group – Combined buffer 
requirement  
  
  
31.12.2020 
Total Risk Exposure Amount (DKKm) 
54,865 
Institution-specific countercyclical buffer requirement 
(%)   
 
 
0.0 
Capital conservation buffer requirement (%) 
 
 
2.5 
SIFI buffer requirement (%) 
 
 
1.0 
Institution-specific countercyclical risk exposure 
(DKKm)  
Capital conservation buffer requirement (DKKm) 
  
  
2 
1,372 
SIFI buffer Requirement 
  
  
549 
Combined buffer requirement (DKKm) 
  
  
1,922

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
2.1.6 
Total capital requirement and excess coverage 
The regulatory capital requirements express the amount of capital a bank must reserve to cover the risk 
it undertakes in the course of its operations in the fields of credit risk, market risk and operational risk.  
The capital requirement is the sum of the minimum own funds requirement, the individual solvency 
requirement and the combined buffer requirement. 
The table below shows the calculated capital requirement and excess coverage as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group – Capital requirement and excess coverage at 31 
December 2020  
DKKm 
% 
Minimum 8% requirement 
  
4,389 
8.0 
Add-on to solvency need 
  
1,024 
1.9 
Combined buffer requirement 
  
1,922 
3,5 
Capital requirement 
  
7,335 
13,4 
Total capital 
  
11,514 
21.0 
Excess tier 2 capital  
  
0 
0.0 
Excess coverage 
  
4,178 
7,6 
 
2.1.7 
MREL requirement 
Pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act, plans for winding up distressed banks are prepared by 
the Danish FSA and Finansiel Stabilitet. In connection with such plans, MREL must be defined. The 
general resolution principle for SIFIs, such as the Issuer, is that it should be possible to restructure them 
so they can return them to the market with adequate capitalisation to ensure market confidence. 
The Spar Nord Bank Group’s MREL requirement has been determined to two times its own funds 
requirement including its combined buffer requirement (however, only one time its countercyclical 
capital buffer requirement). The MREL requirement for the Group will be gradually phased in starting 
from 1 January 2019 and was planned to be fully completed on 1 January 2022. Due to the outbreak of 
COVID-19, the schedule for phasing in was postponed by half a year and is to be finalised on 1 July 
2022. After the adoption of BRRD II, the last tranche due in July 2022 was changed from one tranche to 
three tranches. 20 per cent. will be due on 1 January 2022 and 40 per cent. will be due on each of  January 
2023 and January 2024. After January 2024, a fully phased-in MREL requirement (including the 
subordination requirement) of 24.2 per cent. of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s REA, will apply. 
2.1.8 
Leverage ratio 
The leverage ratio is calculated as Tier 1 Capital relative to REA. Spar Nord Bank has put in place 
procedures intended to counter the risk of excess leverage exposure and to ensure identification, 
management and monitoring of Spar Nord Banks’s leverage exposure. In addition, methodologies have 
been developed to measure risks connected with excess leverage and other methodologies designed for 
assessing significant changes in leverage ratio. 
From 28 June 2021 a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. will apply. Spar Nord Bank complies with 
this requirement and with its own minimum leverage target of 6 per cent. by a fair margin as Spar Nord 
Banks’s leverage ratio was calculated at 8.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
2.1.9 
Capital policy and future capital plan 
The capital policy forms the foundation of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s risk profile in terms of capital. 
The capital policy aims to ensure that the Spar Nord Bank Group consistently complies with applicable 
legislation in respect of the following three areas: (i) calculation of risk exposure, own funds and capital 
requirement; (ii) individual solvency need and supervision procedures; and (iii) market discipline through 
a number of disclosure obligations. 
The capital policy defines targets for the common equity tier 1 ratio and the own funds ratio, which 
should be viewed relative to the capital requirements that apply to the Spar Nord Bank Group. 
Compliance with the defined capital targets is ensured primarily through the ongoing consolidation via 
the Spar Nord Bank Group’s ordinary operations and through consistent focus on optimising the capital 
structure. However, the excess capital coverage will be somewhat lower than the targets defined by Spar 
Nord Bank’s Board of Directors and Executive Board.   
2.2 
Liquidity 
The Spar Nord Bank Group’s operations are predominantly funded through four funding sources: 
• 
short-term funding (loans from or repo transactions with other credit institutions and Danmarks 
Nationalbank); 
• 
customer deposits (bank deposits and repo transactions with customers); 
• 
senior funding (issued bonds and senior loans); and 
• 
shareholders’ equity and subordinated debt 
The Spar Nord Bank Group’s primary source of funding are customer deposits, which as at 31 December 
2020 accounted for 75.9 per cent. of Spar Nord Bank’s total funding.  
The table below shows a calculation of the funding structure as at 31 December 2020 for the Spar Nord 
Bank Group. 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group - Funding structure (DKKm) 
31.12.2020 
Central banks and credit institutions 
  
  
1,065 
Repos and repurchases with central banks and credit institutions 
  
  
3,102 
Senior loans < 1 year 
  
  
0 
Issued bonds < 1 year 
  
  
0 
Deposits < 1 year 
  
  
2,121 
Deposits > 1 year and on demand 
  
  
56,295 
Senior loans > 1 year 
  
  
0 
Issued bonds > 1 year  
  
  
2,670 
Subordinated debt 
  
  
1,333 
Equity 
  
  
10,390 
Total 
  
  
76,976 
 
Short-term funding is funding with a term to maturity of less than 12 months. Short-term funding consists 
of unsecured debt to central banks and credit institutions, repo and repurchase business and deposits <1 
year, senior loans and issued bonds with terms to maturity of less than 12 months. For Spar Nord Bank, 
short-term funding accounted for DKK 6,288 million or 8.2 per cent. of total funding.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Long-term funding is funding with a term to maturity of more than 12 months. Long-term funding 
consists of senior loans and issued bonds with terms to maturity of more than 12 months. Also included 
are demand deposits, deposits with terms to maturity of more than 12 months, subordinated debt and 
equity. Subordinated debt is recognised as long-term funding because Spar Nord Bank pursues a policy 
of repaying such debt on ordinary call. Accordingly, the contractual term to maturity will always be 
greater than 12 months.  
Some of Spar Nord Bank amounts due to credit institutions and central banks are secured either by cash 
collateral or secured against bonds. As at 31 December 2020, Spar Nord Bank had entered into genuine 
sale and repo transactions with credit institutions totalling DKK 3.1 billion and provided cash collateral 
for financial transactions totalling DKK 0.6 billion. 
Of deposits and other payables as at 31 December 2020 totalling DKK 58 billion, DKK 40 billion is 
covered by the Danish Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The remaining deposits of some DKK 18 billion are 
not covered by a guarantee scheme.  
As at 31 December 2020, Spar Nord Bank had contingent liabilities by way of guarantees of DKK 15.6 
billion and other contingent liabilities of DKK 1.2 billion. 
Spar Nord Bank has no debt guaranteed by third parties. 
2.2.1 
Maturity structure of capital market funding 
The table below shows the maturity structure of the Spar Nord Bank Group’s capital market funding as 
at 31 December 2020, other than subordinated debt mentioned under own funds. 
 
Spar Nord Bank Group’s issues of subordinated debt at 31 December 2020 (DKKm)  
  
 
 
 
Principal 
Issue date 
First call date 
SNP bonds - DK0030454046 
 
925 
05/12/2019 
05/12/2022 
SNP bonds - DK0030454129 
 
1,350 
05/12/2019 
05/12/2024 
SNP bonds – DK0030454202 
 
400 
05/12/2019 
05/12/2024 
Long-term liquidity is calculated relative to Spar Nord Bank’s internal strategic liquidity target and the 
funding ratio requirement of the Supervisory Diamond. Short-term liquidity is calculated relative to the 
requirements of the LCR Regulation.  
 
With respect to strategic liquidity, Spar Nord Bank aims for its lending 
and liquidity reserves to be funded long term using customer deposits, 
senior loans, issued bonds, subordinated debt and equity. Subordinated 
debt, additional tier 1 capital, senior loans and issued bonds with a 
contractual due date within 12 months do not form a part of the Spar 
Nord Bank’s strategic liquidity. As at 31 December 2020, Spar Nord 
Bank had strategic liquidity resources of DKK 30.0 billion. 
Spar Nord Bank Group – Strategic liquidity (DKKm) 
31.12.2020 
Deposits, banking activities 
  
  
58,084 
Senior loans 
  
  
2,670 
Subordinated debt 
  
  
1,333 
Equity 
  
  
10,390 
Liquidity procurement 
  
  
72,476 
Lending, banking and leasing activities 
  
  
42,494

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
Senior loans and subordinated debt with a term to maturity of less than 12 
months 
  
  
0 
Total strategic liquidity 
  
  
29,982 
 
Relative to the LCR Regulation, Spar Nord Bank calculated its LCR as at 31 December 2020 at 241 per 
cent. Relative to Spar Nord Bank’s goal of a minimum LCR of 125 per cent, the excess coverage of 116 
percentage points equals excess liquidity of DKK 11.5 billion. 
 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (DKKm) 
31.12.2020 
Liquidity resources 
  
  
23,844 
Liquidity Coverage Requirement 
  
  
9,876 
LCR (%) 
  
  
241% 
 
2.3 
Spar Nord Bank credit ratings 
Spar Nord Bank’s credit ratings are material to the price of funding and capital as well as to funding 
flexibility, as it provides access to subordinated Tier 2 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital, as well as a 
broad investor base for both longer dated preferred and non-preferred senior debt. Therefore, it is a high 
priority of the Spar Nord Bank Group that the credit rating of the Issuer is on a high and competitive 
level. 
Spar Nord Bank is rated by Moody’s. On 30 October 2020, Moody’s assigned a long term unsecured 
rating of A1 and a short term unsecured rating of P-1 to Spar Nord Bank. These ratings are based on a 
baseline credit assessment (BCA) and adjusted BCA of baa1. The rating of Spar Nord Bank benefited 
from Moody’s advanced loss given failure analysis with three notches of rating uplift. The outlook on 
the long-term deposit rating is stable. Moody´s has affirmed these ratings in its recent credit opinion on 
29 October 2021. 
2.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Spar Nord Bank Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially 
significant litigation and regulatory risks. As a result, the Spar Nord Bank Group is and may become 
involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in Denmark and other jurisdictions, including 
litigation and regulatory investigations. Such disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many 
uncertainties, and outcomes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or 
investigation. 
The Spar Nord Bank Group is a party to a number of legal disputes arising from its business activities. 
Provisions for legal disputes are recognised where a legal or constructive obligation has incurred as a 
result of past events and it is probable that there will be an outflow of resources that can be reliably 
estimated. In this case, the Spar Nord Bank Group arrives at an estimate on the basis of an evaluation of 
the most likely outcome. Provisions are measured at the present value of the anticipated expenditure for 
settlement of the legal or constructive obligation that reflects the risks specific to the obligation. 
As at the date of this Prospectus there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or 
have had in the past 12 months, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
and/or the Spar Nord Bank Group.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES SETTLED THROUGH VP 
AND VPS 
Initial issue of Notes settled through VP (“VP Notes”) 
Each Tranche of VP Notes settled through VP will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
Legal title to the VP Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VP. VP Notes will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by VP. On the issue 
of such VP Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
to the VP Issuing Agent. Following notification of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
to the VP Issuing Agent and notification to the VP Issuing Agent of the subscribers of the VP Notes and their 
respective VP account details by the relevant Dealer(s), the VP Issuing Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will 
effect that each subscribing account holder with the VP will be credited with a nominal amount of VP Notes equal 
to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Sales and transfers of VP Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Notes in VP will take place on the VP settlement 
platform or on the T2S platform if the required conditions for T2S settlement as set out in VP’s settlement rules 
are fulfilled. The T2S platform provides harmonised and commoditised delivery-verses-payment settlement. 
Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of the VP.  
Accountholders in VP 
Each person shown in the book entry records of the VP as the holder of one or more VP Notes must look solely 
to its custody bank for payments made by the Issuer in respect of such VP Note(s). The relevant payment 
obligation of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the relevant custody bank in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of the VP. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain certain information, including accountholder information, from the registers maintained by the VP for the 
purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of VP Notes.  
Initial issue of Notes settled through VPS (“VPS Notes”) 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes settled through VPS (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) will be issued in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries 
in the records of the VPS. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than 
statements of account made by VPS. On the issue of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to the VPS Issuing Agent. Following notification of the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to the VPS Issuing Agent and notification to the VPS Issuing 
Agent of the subscribers of the VPS Notes and their respective VPS account details by the relevant Dealer(s), the 
VPS Issuing Agent, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will effect that each subscribing account holder with the VPS 
will be credited with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
Sales and transfers of VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in VPS will take place on the VPS settlement 
platform. Any such Notes settled on the VPS settlement platform must comply with the Norwegian the CSD Act, 
which implements CSDR into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable, the VPS Act, and the rules of the 
VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time, and the holders of such Notes will be entitled to the 
rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under the applicable legislation as well as the

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
terms and conditions in effect from time to time of the VPS. Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect 
of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may 
be transferred between accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time 
being, of the VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in the VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to the VPS. From 1 January 2020, the VPS Act 
has been repealed and replaced by the CSD Act, which implements CSDR into Norwegian law. However, 
transitional rules have been passed to allow the VPS to operate under the old rules in the VPS Act until such time 
when VPS has been authorised as a CSD under the CSD Act/CSDR. 
Accountholders in VPS 
The Issuer is required to have an issuer’s account in VPS evidencing all VPS Notes issued from time to time. 
Further, each VPS Noteholder is required to have their own investor’s account (unless acting through a nominee) 
showing such person’s holding of VPS Notes at any time. For the avoidance of doubt, where a nominee is 
evidenced as the owner of a Note by a book entry in the records of the VPS, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant Note. 
Both the Issuer and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of registration in the VPS, have to appoint an 
account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or a Norwegian investment firm. The VPS Issuing 
Agent is acting as the account operator for the Issuer in relation to VPS Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
TAXATION 
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the tax consequences in the light of their particular situation. No representations with respect to the 
tax consequences of any particular Noteholder are made hereby. 
Danish Taxation  
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax laws 
in force as of the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The summary assumes that the holder of the Notes 
is the beneficial owner of the Notes and payments thereon. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or 
dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential 
investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the 
individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws, no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest or 
principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt 
in relation to the Issuer as referred to in The Danish Corporation Tax Act (in Danish: “selskabsskatteloven”), 
Consolidated Act no. 251 of 22 February 2021, as amended from time to time. This will not have any impact on 
Noteholders who do not directly or indirectly control, or are controlled by, the Issuer, and provided that the 
Noteholders and the Issuer are not in a relationship due to joint control by a group of shareholders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment in 
Denmark are liable to pay tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish Capital and Exchange 
Gains Act (in Danish: “kursgevinstloven”), Consolidated Act No. 1283 of 25 October 2016, as amended from 
time to time. Gains and losses on Notes held by corporate entities are generally taxed in accordance with a mark-
to-market principle (in Danish: “lagerprincippet”), i.e. on an unrealised basis. 
Gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally taxed on a realised basis. The net gains are taxed as 
capital income at a rate of up to 42 per cent. in 2022. However, this tax rate does not apply if the individual is 
engaged in financial trade and considered a professional trader. The gain or loss will only be included in the 
taxable income when the net capital gain or loss for the year on all debt claims, debt denominated in foreign 
currency and investment certificates in bond-based investment funds subject to the minimum taxation exceeds a 
total of DKK 2,000 (2022 level).  
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of capital 
gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in question. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholder are not 
subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to 
the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. Thus no Danish withholding tax will be payable with

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not be 
subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to 
the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included 
in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent establishment to 
which the Notes are allocated. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (together, the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it 
will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide 
to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional Notes (as described under Condition 18) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers (including Spar Nord Bank A/S in its capacity as Dealer) have in an amended and restated programme 
agreement dated 23 December 2021 (the “Programme Agreement”) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which 
they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. The Programme Agreement extends to those 
matters stated under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. The Programme Agreement, inter alia, provides that 
the Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission payable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase of Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and further updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. In case the 
Issuer is acting as Dealer or Manager in relation to a particular tranche of the Notes there may be a potential 
conflict of interest of the Issuer acting as Issuer and Dealer or Manager in relation to a particular tranche of the 
Notes as the Issuer has an interest in the Notes being sold. The Programme Agreement also makes provision for 
the resignation or termination of the appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular tranche of Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer, sell or deliver Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons and it will have sent to each 
Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, US persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in the 
United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes directly or 
indirectly in Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Danish Consolidated Act No. 2014 of 1 November 2021 on Capital Markets, as amended, and 
Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 2092 of 14 December 2020, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway 
except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total 
consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose denomination per unit 
amounts to at least €100,000; 
(b) 
to “professional investors” as defined in Section 10-6 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 
June 2007 no.75; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in section 10-6 
of the Norwegian Securities  Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no.75); or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no other such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration or the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act of 29 June 2007. 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the 
Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, unless such Notes are registered with the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo)) or 
another securities registry which is properly authorised or recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to CSDR. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations 
to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or final document in relation to any such offer, 
invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus 
pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation or any other laws applicable in Sweden. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
requirements of and, otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws, regulations and guidelines (where relevant and applicable) in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus or any advertisement or other offering 
material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes under the laws, regulations and guidelines (where relevant and applicable) in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that any Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION                                                                                              
1. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for the relevant Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months 
from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on 
the Regulated Market. 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Denmark in connection 
with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the Programme (and subsequent 
updates hereof) was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 23 
October 2019. 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group 
since 30 September 2021 nor has there been any material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
4. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) as at the date of this Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the past 12 months, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
5. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form settled through 
VP or VPS. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (“FISN”), Classification of Financial Instruments Code (“CFI”) (as applicable) 
and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing or settlement system for 
each Tranche and Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
6. 
The address of VP is Weidekampsgade 14, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark, and the address of VPS 
is Fred. Olsens gate 1, NO-0152, Oslo, Norway. 
7. 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
8. 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
9. 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents 
(and English translations where the documents in question are not in English) will, when published, be 
available 
at 
https://www.sparnord.com/en/investor-relations/#debtinfo 
and/or 
https://www.sparnord.com/en/investor-relations/organization/#principles :  
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(iii) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (save that Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection 
by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
The documents specified in sub-paragraph (i) above are direct English translations of the Danish 
language originals. In the event that there are any inconsistencies or discrepancies between the Danish 
language versions and the English translations thereof, the original Danish language versions shall 
prevail. 
In addition, this Prospectus, any supplementary prospectus and each Final Terms will also be available 
at the website of Euronext Dublin at: https://live.euronext.com/.  
10. 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionpartnerselskab of Weidekampsgade 6, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, 
Denmark, State Authorised Public Accountants and members of Foreningen af Statsautoriserede 
Revisorer have audited the Issuer’s accounts, which were prepared in accordance with the Danish 
Financial Business Act, and the Group’s accounts, which were prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU, without qualification, for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
11. 
Some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment 
banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer or its affiliates. 
They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
12. 
The Irish Listing Agent is Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP and the address of its registered office is 75 
St. Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, D02 PR50, Ireland. Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP are acting solely in 
their capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and are not themselves seeking 
admission of the Notes to trading on the Regulated Market. 
13. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
14. 
In this Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a “URL”) are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or 
URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Prospectus.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Skelagervej 15 
DK–9000 Aalborg 
Denmark 
DEALERS  
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK–1092 
Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Skelagervej 15 
DK–9000 Aalborg 
Denmark 
 
 
VP ISSUING AGENT 
Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Skelagervej 15 
DK–9000 Aalborg 
Denmark 
VPS ISSUING AGENT 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK–1092 
Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE DEALERS 
as to English law 
as to Norwegian law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Advocatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
as to Danish law 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionpartnerselskab 
Weidekampsgade 6  
DK-2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green  
Dublin 2, D02 PR50  
Ireland