--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
16 June 2021 
SPAREBANK 1 SMN 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
SPAREBANK 1 ØSTLANDET 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
This Prospectus (as defined below) supersedes the Prospectus dated 17 June 2020 relating to the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme of SpareBank 1 SMN, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and SpareBank 1 Østlandet (formerly Sparebanken Hedmark) (each an “Issuer” 
and together the “Issuers”). This Prospectus does not affect any Notes already issued. This document constitutes three base prospectuses for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) , (i) the base prospectus for SpareBank 1 SMN, in respect of non-
equity securities within the meaning of Article 16 of the Commission Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the “Notes”) to be issued by 
SpareBank 1 SMN under the Programme, (ii) the base prospectus for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge in respect of Notes to be issued by SpareBank 1 Nord-
Norge under the Programme, and (iii) the base prospectus for SpareBank 1 Østlandet in respect of the Notes to be issued by SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
under the Programme (together, the “Prospectus”). 
Under the Programme each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Notes of each Issuer will be obligations of that Issuer alone. 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis (“Senior Preferred Notes”); (ii) on a non-preferred 
basis (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”); or (iii) on a subordinated basis as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein (“Subordinated 
Notes”). The Terms and Conditions of Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as 
described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by an Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuers or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  The CSSF assumes 
no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuers.  Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This Prospectus will be 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) for a period of ten years form the date hereof. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 16 June 2022, being 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  The 
obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  References in this Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of 
Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the CSSF. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Each Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. 
State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in

--- Page 2 ---
Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with 
all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.   
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”). SpareBank 1 SMN has been rated 
“A1” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 Østlandet has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s. Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the relevant Issuer.  A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or CMS Rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Markets Institute) is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the administrator of the CMS Rate (ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited) (“IBA”) is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as 
the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the IBA is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Commerzbank 
DekaBank 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this 
Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and “UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of each Issuer (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case) the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information in the "Business Description SpareBank 1 Østlandet" section on pages 128 has 
been extracted from certain third party sources as specified therein. SpareBank 1 Østlandet confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this 
Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Prospectus or any other information provided by any Issuer in connection with the Programme. No 
Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by any Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by any Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of any of the Issuers. Neither 
this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation, warranty or assurance 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar 
labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor 
the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as 
to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection 
with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by

--- Page 4 ---
4 
any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, 
or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will 
be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning any Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer during the life of the Programme or 
to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 in the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
CRA Regulation – In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that 
is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant 
UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
 If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Prospectus.  
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309b of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state 
the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend 
included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Notice to Swiss permitted investors - The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will 
be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. No key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA 
has been prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to 
private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. 
Notice to Ontario permitted investors - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
NOTES GENERALLY 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Each Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by any 
of the Issuers or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any 
Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Belgium, 
Norway, Singapore and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of 
Notes in that Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal

--- Page 8 ---
8 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” are to United States dollars, all 
references to “Yen” and “¥” are to Japanese Yen and all references to “NOK” are to Norwegian Kroner. In 
addition, all references to “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling and to “euro” and “€” refer to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Overview of the Programme ................................. 9 
Risk Factors ......................................................... 17 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............... 35 
Form of the Notes ................................................ 40 
Applicable Final Terms ....................................... 42 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ..................... 71 
Use of Proceeds ................................................. 107 
The Sparebank 1 Alliance ................................. 108 
Business Description of Sparebank 1 
SMN ..................................................... 110 
Business Description of Sparebank 1 
Nord-Norge .......................................... 120 
Business Description of Sparebank 1 
Østlandet .............................................. 128 
Taxation ............................................................ 138 
Subscription and Sale ........................................ 141 
General Information .......................................... 147 
 
 _________________________  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Managers(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuers: 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
Legal Identifier Number (LEI): 
SpareBank 1 SMN: 7V6Z97IO7R1SEAO84Q32 
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: 549300SXM92LQ05OJQ76 
 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 549300VRM6G42M8OWN49  
Guarantor: 
None 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the relevant Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme, and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under 
“Risk Factors”. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the issue 
proceeds are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or 
its equivalent (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months 
and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to 
the approval provisions stated therein. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Paying Agent and Luxembourg 
Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuers may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro (as defined), Norwegian Kroner, U.S. dollars, 
Yen, Sterling and any other currency agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws, 
regulations and directives, Subordinated Notes will have a minimum 
maturity of at least five years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes,  a 
partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
In the case of Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 4(e) (Benchmark replacement) applies, if the relevant Issuer 
(in consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to an 
Original Reference Rate, then the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with the 
relevant Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if 
the Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer agree that there is no 
Successor Rate, an alternative rate and, in either case, an alternative 
screen page or source and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no 
later than three Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
Each Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, 
Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable in one or 
more instalments.   
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest 
Notes will be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or 
to changes in the prices of securities or commodities or to such other

--- Page 12 ---
12 
factors as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange, as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree.   
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuers may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and on 
such dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuers may issue Notes which 
may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such 
dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The relevant Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate the scheduled maturity 
date (which in the case of Subordinated Notes, must be at least five 
years after the issue date) and will also indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, or for 
taxation reasons, on a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes), on a MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Condition 6(l) applies) or) following an 
Event of Default (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer (which, in 
respect of Subordinated Notes, may not take place prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date) and/or the Noteholders (which, in 
respect of Subordinated Notes, may not take place prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date) in each case upon giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period (if any) as is indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices 
and on such other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note 
which is not an Exempt Note will be redeemed by the relevant Issuer 
at least at 100 per cent. of its nominal value on its scheduled maturity 
date. 
 
If a Capital Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall be entitled to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes (subject to the prior written permission 
of the Relevant Regulator). 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(l) applies, 
if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall be 
entitled to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Preferred Notes (subject, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to the prior written permission 
of the Relevant Regulator). 
 
No early redemption of (i) Restricted Senior Preferred Notes (ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (iii) Subordinated Notes may take 
place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if and to the extent such permission is required). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution (see “Certain 
Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above). 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency (see “Certain Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above), and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note (other than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Kingdom of 
Norway as provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the relevant Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional 
amounts (in the case of (i) Senior Preferred Notes where condition 
7(b) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
(ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, in respect of 
any payment of interest only (but not principal)) to cover the amounts 
so deducted. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will, if the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) specify that Condition 9 applies, contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 9. 
 
In respect of any Senior Preferred Notes, if the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
specify that Condition 9 is “Not Applicable”, there are no events of 
default in relation to such Notes. Subordinated Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes will not contain any events of default. 
Set-off: 
Holders of (i) Senior Non-Preferred Notes (ii) Subordinated Notes and 
(iii) Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify that Condition 2(b) applies, will not be entitled to set-
off the relevant Issuer's obligations under such Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Substitution or Variation (if 
Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(l) applies, 
if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18, the relevant Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(j), (if applicable and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) the relevant Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary their terms so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as 
defined in Condition 6(l)), as further provided in Condition 6(l)). 
Substitution or Variation (if 
Subordinated Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(n) applies, 
if at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, the 
relevant Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j), (to the 
extent so required), either substitute all (but not some only) the 
relevant Subordinated Notes for, or vary their terms so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities 
(as defined in Condition 6(n)), as further provided in Condition 6(n). 
Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are “Senior 
Preferred Notes”, the Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts 
required to be preferred by law) at least equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
the relevant Issuer, present and future, from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are “Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes”, the Notes will constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and subject as set out in the paragraph below, in the 
event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up 
of the relevant Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any 
such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for 
the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of 
the relevant Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction 
or amalgamation have previously been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders 
(as defined below) and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable), claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons 
against the relevant Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes and 
Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred 
Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, 
if any;  
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior 
Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Creditors. 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in 
Norway on 1 July 2021, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by 
providing notice (the “Ranking Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13, specify that (subject to the laws of 
Norway) the Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank within the class of unsecured 
debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking 
contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified in the Ranking 
Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency 
between any statutory ranking introduced in Norway in order to 
implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the 
ranking as set out above, such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute unsecured subordinated 
obligations of the relevant Issuer, subordinated as described in 
Condition 3, and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or 
other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, claims 
of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of or 
arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any amounts 
attributable to the Notes and Coupons and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: (i) pari passu without 
any preference among themselves; (ii) at least pari passu with claims 
in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; (iii) in priority to claims 
in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and (iv) junior to any 
present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors.  
Approval, listing and admission 
to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Ratings: 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s.  
SpareBank 1 SMN has been rated “A1” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 
Østlandet has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s.  
According to Moody’s rating system, the obligations rated ‘Aa’ are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk and 
obligations rated ‘A’ are judged to be upper-medium grade and are 
subject to low credit risk. The numerical modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category and the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. 
Source:  
https://www.moodys.com/researchdocumentcontentpage.aspx?docid=
PBC_79004 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) 
assigned to the relevant Issuer.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law, except Conditions 2 and 3 which will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom Belgium, Norway, 
Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes 
(see “Subscription and Sale”).  
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 17 ---
17 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuers may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the relevant Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes.  It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most 
likely to occur, as the Issuers may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they 
currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the 
Issuers’ control.  The Issuers have identified in this Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Risks relating to macroeconomic conditions 
Counterparty defaults may lead to the Issuers being unable to satisfy their obligations under the Notes 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
borrowers and other counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuers’ businesses. As each Issuer 
currently conducts the majority of its business in Norway, its performance is influenced by the level and 
cyclical nature of business activity in Norway which, in turn, is affected by both domestic and international 
economic factors (for example fluctuations in the price of oil and gas). 
The global outbreak of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic, coupled with the measures 
implemented by the Norwegian authorities to contain it, have had and may continue to have a material and 
adverse impact on the level of economic activity in Norway, and may lead to a loss of income for many of 
the Issuers’ borrowers. At present it is unclear whether any further measures taken by the Norwegian 
government would mitigate the adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 outbreak will have the intended 
effect. Vaccines against the COVID-19 virus pandemic are currently distributed in Norway, however, there 
is still uncertainty related to the further development of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
If interest rates rise and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable to meet 
their payment obligations on their loans, which may lead to increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as 
well as write-downs and losses for the Issuers, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuers’ ability to 
perform their obligations under the Notes.  
If the Issuers’ borrowers default on secured loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the relevant 
Issuer in order to realise the value of the collateral securing these loans. If, in the context of an enforcement 
action, the relevant market in which the mortgage or other form of security is established substantially 
declines, there is a risk that the relevant Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan. Any 
failure to recover the full amount of the loans could jeopardise the relevant Issuer's ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Commercial real estate 
As of 31 March 2021, the Issuers’ gross loans related to commercial real estate amounted to, 11.27 
per cent, 12.07 per cent and 10.9 per cent, for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 SMN and SpareBank 
1 Østlandet respectively.  
The Issuers’ commercial real estate portfolios include loans to owners of commercial properties for 
leasing with long-term contracts such as hotels, retail stores, bars and restaurants, fitness centres, hairdressers 
and beauty salons.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Due to the ongoing COVID-19 panedmic, coupled with the measures taken by the Norwegian 
government to mitigate the pandemic, such as business closures, travel restrictions, border controls, 
restrictions of public gatherings and other measures to discourage the movement and gathering of people, 
tenants within the commercial real estate sector are facing a significant decline in revenue. As of 31 March 
2021, the Issuers’ loans in stage 31 within the commercial real estate sector amounted to NOK 63.5 million, 
NOK 34 million and NOK 12.2 million for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 SMN and SpareBank 1 
Østlandet respectively. If the situation persists, this could have a significant adverse impact on the tenants’ 
credit quality and, consequently, on their ability to pay their rent. Increased disruptions in repayments of rent 
from tenants will result in reduced revenue for the lessors, which in turn could result in disruptions in 
payment obligations under loans provided by the relevant Issuer.  Disruptions in repayments of loans, as well 
as write-downs and losses for the relevant Issuer may in turn jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Residential real estate  
The Issuers provide mortgage lending in the retail market. A significant decline in the value of 
residential real estate could significantly reduce the value of the collateral for such loans. If accompanied by 
deterioration in market conditions and/or higher unemployment, which in turn could result in difficulties for 
the Issuers’ customers in meeting their payment obligations, this could lead to increased disruptions in 
repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuers, which in turn may jeopardise the 
Issuers’ ability to perform their obligations under the Notes. 
Oil-related exposures 
The significant drop in oil prices in the second quarter of 2020 increased the risk relating to 
SpareBank 1 SMN´s offshore service portfolio. The oil price has recovered since, however prices remain 
volatile and as witnessed through 2020 and so far in 2021, oil prices may fluctuate significantly in response 
to a single event, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, oil prices vary substantially pending general 
economic developments. As of 31 March 2021, 2.2 per cent of SpareBank 1 SMN’s total gross loans was 
related to offshore services. Loans in stage 3 within the offshore sector amounted to NOK 657 million. If oil 
prices decline further, this will continue to impact the oil-related industry, which could result in a material 
adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in this industry. This could have a significant 
impact on offshore service companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective credit quality, thus 
leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by SpareBank 1 SMN on its loan 
portfolio within this sector.  
Fisheries and aquaculture 
As of 31 March 2021, 3.90 per cent of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s and 3.90 per cent SpareBank 1 
SMN’s total gross loans were related to fisheries and aquaculture. The high levels of demand and high export 
prices contributed to a strong year for Norwegian seafood industry in 2019. However, due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the Norwegian seafood industry experienced a decrease in demand, increase in shipping charges 
and difficulties in transport logistics in 2020. As of 31 March 2021, loans in stage 31 within the fisheries and 
aquaculture sector amounted to NOK 5.9 million and NOK 0 for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and SpareBank 1 
SMN respectively. If the challenges brought on by COVID-19 persist or increase, this could result in a 
material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating within the seafood industry. This could 
have a significant impact on such companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective credit 
quality, thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by SpareBank 1 Nord-
Norge and SpareBank 1 SMN within this sector.  
                                                     
1 Stage 3 is used for lending that has a substantially higher credit risk than it did upon initial recognition, and where 
credit loss has occurred on the balance sheet date.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Business Risks 
The Issuers’ business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive environment 
affecting spreads on their lending and deposits 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Issuers’ lending and deposit 
spreads. The Issuers are exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by them on 
deposits or its funding costs and the interest rates that they charge on loans to customers. Although both the 
interest rates payable by the Issuers on deposits and the interest rates that it is able to charge on loans to 
customers are mainly floating rates, there is a risk that each Issuer will not be able to reprice its floating rate 
assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term. As 
applicable interest rates on several deposits are close to zero, it may not be possible in the future to offset in 
full or in part a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a corresponding decrease in interest rates 
on deposits, and thus there is a risk that the relevant Issuer may face increased funding costs.    
Deposits represent one of the Issuers’ main sources of funding. The Issuers are subject to 
competition for customer deposits and the current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the Issuers’ 
deposit spreads. The Issuers may not be able to lower their funding costs, in line with decreases in interest 
rates on loans. Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the Issuers’ control, including 
fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political 
conditions. An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an 
increase in defaults by the Issuers’ customers. Conversely, a reduction in the interest rates may adversely 
affect the Issuers’ through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and increased competition 
in respect of deposit rates and interest rates on loans to customers, which in turn could adversely affect the 
Issuers’ funding costs and the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
The Issuers may not be able to obtain funding in the securities market on commercially reasonable terms or 
at all 
Due to changes in customer savings behaviour and relatively high credit demand, the Issuers are 
dependent on other sources of capital than deposits, such as loans in the Norwegian and international 
securities market. The market turmoil caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 meant that, for a period of 
time during 2020, it was more difficult for the Issuers to refinance their respective borrowings on 
commercially satisfactory terms. As the pandemic is ongoing, there is a risk that this situation could arise 
again, or a similar situation could arise due to a different pandemic in the future. This could also adversely 
impact the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due under the Notes.  
Credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which the Issuers are able to obtain funding in 
the securities market. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuers such as a downturn in the 
international or domestic financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuers, the Programme and/or 
any outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuers’ ability to 
perform their obligations under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuers’ borrowing costs, 
adversely affect the liquidity position of the Issuers, limit the Issuers’ access to the capital markets, 
undermine confidence in (and the competitive position of) the Issuers, and/or limit the range of 
counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuers. Any of these events may lead to difficulties 
for the Issuers in obtaining funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all.  
The Issuers are increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be 
adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and 
communication technology (“ICT”) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches 
and towards greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications on 
smartphones. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware 
malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. ICT systems 
need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements and to keep pace

--- Page 20 ---
20 
with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance on information and 
communication technology more broadly. The Issuers may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a 
timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned.  
In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of their ICT systems or technical 
issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading their ICT systems, there is a risk that the 
Issuers could face liability for losses due to ICT system failures.  
The Issuers’ operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to data privacy and 
protection, including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. Juni 2018 nr. 38 om 
behandling av personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data 
Protection Regulation). The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security 
of the Issuers’ systems are essential to its maintaining customer confidence and ensuring compliance with 
data privacy legislation. If the Issuers, or any third party suppliers fails to transmit customer information and 
payment details online securely, or if they otherwise fail to protect customer privacy in online transactions, 
or if third parties obtain and/or reveal the Issuers’ confidential information, the Issuers may lose customers 
and potential customers may be deterred from using the Issuers’ products and services, which could expose 
the Issuers to liability (including substantial fines) and could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The Issuers are reliant on their outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of their ICT 
systems. Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant 
outsourcing contract, the Issuers’ ICT systems may be adversely affected. In particular, the Issuers and their 
customers have been, and may in the future become, affected by network problems, which relate to third-
party suppliers, and which have affected and might affect in the future certain of the Issuers’ internet banking 
and cash machine functions, resulting in service interruptions. A major disruption to the Issuers’ ICT 
systems, whether under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material adverse 
effect on the normal operation of the Issuers’ business and thus on their financial condition and the results of 
their operations. 
Cybercrime 
The Issuers’ activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of 
ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continually 
evolving. Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Issuers’ internet bank users and include potential 
unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials as 
well as account and credit card information. The Issuers may experience security breaches or unexpected 
disruptions to their systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the 
Issuers, their customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ business, reputation 
and results of their operations.  
The Issuers are dependent on contribution from joint ventures within the SpareBank 1 Alliance   
The Issuers hold shares in SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS, which comprises the SpareBank 1 Alliance’s 
joint ventures within insurance, fund management, claims management and collection.  The Issuers’ 
contribution from the joint ventures depends on the profit margin of these companies. As of 31 March 2021, 
the SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS recorded a profit after tax of NOK 507 million, in particular due to significant 
insurance provisions, payments on travel insurance along with write-downs on property portfolios as a result 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any significant deterioration in the Issuers’ revenues due to losses in the joint 
ventures could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ financial conditions, which in turn could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
The Issuers are part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance and are dependent on the SpareBank 1 brand  
The Issuers are part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance. The SpareBank 1 brand is a recognised brand in 
Norway. The business model of the SpareBank 1 banks benefits from a high degree of physical presence

--- Page 21 ---
21 
within the regions of Norway in which the SpareBank 1 Alliance operates. Possible future decisions by the 
SpareBank 1 Alliance concerning its business model and the selection of services and products offered by 
the members of the SpareBank 1 Alliance may have a negative effect on the SpareBank 1 brand, which in 
turn could result in the Issuers losing market share within the regions they operate and thus reduced 
revenues. Any significant deterioration in the Issuers’ revenues due to negative effects on the SpareBank 1 
brand could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ financial conditions which, in turn could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
Failure in compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules:  
The Issuers’ compliance risk management systems and policies may not be fully effective in 
preventing all violations of laws, regulations and rules. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering, 
anti-bribery and sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on financial institutions and requires 
significant technical capabilities. Any failure by the Issuers to comply with applicable laws and regulations, 
including those relating to money laundering, bribery, financial crimes, sanctions and other inappropriate or 
illegal transactions, may lead to penalties, fines, public reprimands, damage to reputation, issuance of 
business improvement and other administrative orders, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme 
cases, adversely affect the ability to obtain future regulatory approvals or withdrawal of authorisation to 
operate. These consequences may harm the Issuers’ reputation, resulting in loss of customer or market 
confidence in the Issuers or deterioration. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-
viability of the Issuer  
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or 
“BRRD”) has been implemented in Norway through amendments to chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions 
Act which took effect on 1 January 2019. The implementing legislation grants authority to the FSAN to 
implement detailed requirements and supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution authority. 
Each Issuer is a Norwegian bank and accordingly falls within the scope of the BRRD as 
implemented in Norway. The bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or administrative procedures to which a 
bank such as the relevant Issuer could be subject under the laws of Norway, are: (i) either resolution pursuant 
to the tools provided for under the BRRD; or (ii) winding up by way of public administration as further set 
out in Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act.  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity. This is to ensure the continuity of the relevant 
entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure 
on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there 
is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of 
business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of 
its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all 
or part of the business of the relevant entity  to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its 
repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or 
problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with 
a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down 
certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity or 
other instruments of ownership (the “general bail-in tool”), which equity or other instruments could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the 
above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to 
provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist 
of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support 
must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when) it is, or is likely in the near 
future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation, its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities, it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
If the Issuer becomes subject to resolution as provided for in the BRRD, the holders of the Notes 
may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or 
all of their investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the 
principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which 
payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of 
provisions in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD 
as implemented in Norway or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any Notes. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non-viability loss 
absorption, under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will depend on their ranking in 
accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-
in tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the 
relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). Any such 
compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely 
to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also 
likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. In 
the event that Subordinated Notes are subject to the application of non-viability loss absorption, 
compensation (if any) would only by in the form of equity. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the 
further power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-
viability loss absorption). Any shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion 
into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or other resolution powers 
as outlined above. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which: (i) the relevant authority determines that the institution meets 
the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or in the near future is expected to 
meet such conditions; or (ii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution or its group 
other than for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to 
preserve financial stability; and (iii) the relevant authority determines that the institution or its group will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or 
converted.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
In addition to becoming subject to the general bail-in tool, holders of Subordinated Notes may 
accordingly be subject to write-down or conversion into equity as a result of the non-viability loss absorption 
rules, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.  
Under the BRRD, there is a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels 
of own funds and other eligible liabilities (“MREL”) which would be available to be written down or bailed-
in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the 
methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities.  
On 20 December 2019, the FSAN introduced MREL requirements for the Issuers, being (by 
percentage and nominal amount in NOK million of adjusted risk-weighted assets based on the Issuers’ 
balance sheets as at 31 December 2018):  
(i) 
SpareBank1 SMN: 33.30 per cent / NOK 27,235 million; 
(ii) 
SpareBank1 Østlandet: 33.10 per cent / NOK 18,891 million; and 
(iii) 
SpareBank1 Nord-Norge: 32.50 per cent / NOK 18,730 million. 
The MREL requirements determined by the FSAN must no later than 1 January 2024 be fulfilled 
with debt instruments that rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes issued by the relevant Issuer. The Issuers 
can include senior preferred debt in their MREL calculations until 1 January 2024. It remains to be seen 
whether Senior Preferred Notes which are otherwise MREL eligible under the BRRD and the CRR (as 
amended from time to time) will become MREL qualifying instruments under Norwegian law and the 
requirements set by the FSAN from time to time. Under current Norwegian law, there is a distinction 
between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) 
instruments that may be bailed in (which is a broader concept). For example, instruments with an original 
maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be bailed-in (but would not count as fulfilling the 
MREL requirement). Similarly, Senior Preferred Notes (which, as noted above, will not be eligible towards 
the MREL requirement after 1 January 2024 pursuant to current rules) may be bailed-in. Noteholders should 
therefore be aware that a broad range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose 
all or some of their investment in any Notes that are bailed-in.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the relevant Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors. An investor in 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank (i) pari passu with the 
rights and claims of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (ii) pari passu with claims in respect of 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any; and (iii) in priority to claims in 
respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and (iv) junior to any present or future claims of Senior 
Creditors. 
If, on a winding up of the relevant Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer 
to repay the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire 
investment in the Senior Non- Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the 
claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its 
obligations in respect of the Senior Non- Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment 
in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than Senior Preferred Notes or other liabilities of the relevant Issuer which rank in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or some of his investment should the 
relevant Issuer become insolvent or should the relevant Issuer or the Notes become subject to the actions 
described in the risk factor entitled “Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the 
general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer” above.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes as "eligible 
liabilities" is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL 
Eligible Liabilities which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the 
Applicable MREL Regulations then applicable) of the relevant Issuer. However, there is uncertainty 
regarding the final substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those regulations, once enacted, 
are to be interpreted and applied and the relevant Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be 
(or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification 
Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the relevant Issuer may, at its option but 
subject to Condition 6(j) (if applicable), (i) where the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 6(l) to be 
applicable, redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms 
specify Condition 6(n) to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, 
or vary the terms of such Series of Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying MREL 
Securities. See "Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event 
Redemption" and "In certain circumstances, the relevant Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes" 
for a description of the risks related to an early redemption of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, of Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Where the applicable Final Terms state that Condition 6(l) applies, if a MREL Disqualification 
Event occurs, the relevant Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of 
the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further 
provided in Condition 6(l), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant 
Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the 
case may be. 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated and investors in Subordinated 
Notes assume an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and 
will rank junior in priority of payment to the claims of more senior ranking creditors of the relevant Issuer 
(such as the Senior Preferred Noteholders and Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders).  
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should the relevant Issuer become insolvent or should the relevant Issuer or the Notes become 
subject to the actions described in the risk factor entitled “Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any 
application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer” above. 
If, on a winding up of the relevant Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer 
to repay the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire 
investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of 
senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in

--- Page 25 ---
25 
respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, 
Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the relevant Issuer may 
issue, incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if 
any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption 
If a Capital Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the relevant Issuer 
may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if 
applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 6(k), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
an Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as 
the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
without Noteholder consent 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or 
Condition 6(n) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time 
a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or a MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18, the relevant Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of 
the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant 
Noteholders) either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, as the case may be, for, or vary 
the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 18 from English law to 
Norwegian law), as the case may be, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Qualifying MREL Securities (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as further provided in Condition 6(m) or 
Condition 6(n), as the case may be.  The Terms and Conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have 
terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and 
conditions of the original Notes, provided that the relevant Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying MREL Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions.   
While the relevant Issuer cannot otherwise make changes to the terms of Notes that, in its reasonable 
opinion, are materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes as a class, the governing law of 
Condition 18 may be changed from English law to Norwegian law in order to ensure its effectiveness and 
enforceability.  
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
holder.  In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could 
be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of 
holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to Subordinated Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes is limited to payments of interest only 
The relevant Issuer's obligation under Condition 7 to pay additional amounts in the event of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of (i) Senior Preferred Notes 
where Condition 7(b) is specified as being applicable in the applicable final terms and (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of 
principal or any other amounts. As such, the relevant Issuer would not be required to pay any additional 
amounts under the terms of such Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of 
principal or such other amounts. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any 
payments of principal under any such Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal 
due under such Notes upon redemption, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain 
Senior Preferred Notes  
In the event that the relevant Issuer fails to pay interest or principal when due on any Subordinated 
Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note and (if the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) specify that Condition 9 is not applicable) Senior Preferred Notes, the holders of 
such Notes shall not be entitled to bring proceedings against the relevant Issuer for payment of such 
amounts. 
Waiver of set-off 
The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Coupons relating thereto and (if 
the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Condition 2(c) applies) holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Coupons relating thereto will not be entitled to 
set-off the relevant Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the relevant 
Issuer. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In addition to the call rights described below under “Subordinated Notes: Capital Event 
Redemption”, Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing the relevant Issuer to call them after 
a minimum period of, for example, five years.  To exercise such a call option, the relevant Issuer must (if, 
and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator) obtain the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator.  
Any early redemption by the relevant Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes is also subject to the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, 
then required by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be 
exercised by the relevant Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree to permit such a call, based upon its 
evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the relevant Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant 
time. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call. Holders of such Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a 
period of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable).  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or 
formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or 
other factors (each, a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, the relevant Issuer may issue Notes with principal or 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal 
or interest payable likely will be magnified; and

--- Page 28 ---
28 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in 
the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication 
of the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of his investment. 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. 
Any failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could 
result in such investor losing all of his investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the 
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Certain majority decisions will be binding on all Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice.  
The conditions of the Notes (except for Condition 3) are based on English law in effect as at the date 
of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could materially 
and adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Condition 3 is based on Norwegian law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Norwegian law or administrative

--- Page 29 ---
29 
practice after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could materially and adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
In particular, potential investors should note that any new statutes, ordinances and regulations, 
amendments to legislation or any change in applicable law or administrative practice or the application of the 
same (including any amendments to or changes in application of tax laws or regulations) may affect the 
Notes and/or have a material adverse effect on the relevant Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the relevant Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes, including on the secondary market value of the 
Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to Green Bonds 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor   
The Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) relating to any 
specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds 
from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and/or other 
environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) ("Green Projects"). Prospective investors should 
have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or the Dealers that the 
use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, the relevant Green Project). Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
an equivalently-labelled project continues to evolve (including as a result of the introduction of the EU 
Taxonomy (as defined below) and similar classification schemes in other jurisdictions), and such Green 
Projects may not reflect these developments. Even if such a definition or market consensus should develop 
or be established, no assurance can be given that any Green Projects will meet such definition or consensus 
requirements. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Green Projects will meet investor expectations or

--- Page 30 ---
30 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so-called “EU 
Taxonomy”) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. SpareBank 1 SMN 
has published a Green Bond Framework relating to an investment in Green Projects which is available on its 
website 
(https://www.SpareBank1.no/en/smn/about-us/sustainability/green-bond-framework.html). 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet has published a Green Bond Framework which is available on its website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/sustainability/green-bond-framework.html). SpareBank 
1 Nord-Norge intends to publish such framework prior to the issuance of any Notes which are intended to 
finance Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only 
current as of the date that such opinion or certification was issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for 
Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or 
use(s) which are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any 
such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. None of 
the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any such Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock

--- Page 31 ---
31 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.  In addition, as noted above, the Issuers’ Green Projects may not meet any future 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or 
“sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled asset, should such definition or consensus materialise. 
Investors should refer to the relevant Issuer's website and the Green Bond Framework (as further 
described in "Use of Proceeds", below) for further information. 
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments of the Issuers and the Notes 
Implementation of new EU regulations remains unclear and may have an adverse effect on the Notes 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for inter alia 
amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD and proposed an amending directive to facilitate the 
creation of a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt (the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking 
Reform Package covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, the mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, the permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, the 
macroprudential tools, a new category of “non-preferred” senior debt, the MREL (as defined above) 
framework and the integration of the Financial Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing 
capacity into EU legislation. The various directives and regulations intended to implement the Banking 
Reform Package were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered 
into force in the European Union 20 days thereafter, subject to various transitional provisions.  
On 9 April 2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal to Parliament 
for the implementation of the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD into Norwegian law. At 
the date of this Prospectus, uncertainty remains over the exact timing for adoption and entry into force of the 
national legislation transposing the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD into Norwegian 
law. 
The new category of “non-preferred” senior debt is included in the Banking Reform Package by 
virtue of a draft amending directive facilitating the creation of such new asset class of “non-preferred” senior 
debt which was published in final form on 12 December 2017 (the “Creditor Hierarchy Directive”). On 4 
December 2020 the Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal for transposing the Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive into Norwegian law through amendments of the Financial Undertakings Act. The 
legislative proposal was adopted by Parliament on 23 April 2021 and will enter into force on 1 July 2021. 
Until the Banking Reform Package has been fully implemented in Norway, it is uncertain how it will 
affect each of the Issuers or holders of the Notes. Regulatory developments such as these or any other 
requirements, restrictions, limitations on the operations of financial institutions and costs involved, or 
unexpected requirements under, or uncertainty with respect to, the regulatory framework to be applied to the 
Issuers, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including EURIBOR and CMS 
Rate) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked 
to or referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuers) of benchmark of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallbacks) may increase the risk to 
the euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final recommendations are 
expected to be published during the second quarter of 2021. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR and CMS Rate): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) 
leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
In the case of Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 4(e) (Benchmark 
replacement) applies, if the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has 
occurred, then the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
further described in Condition 4(e)) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the relevant Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer cannot agree upon, 
or cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the relevant Issuer may determine the 
replacement rate, provided that if the relevant Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
shall apply. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest or for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in

--- Page 33 ---
33 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on 
the Relevant Screen Page.  
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that 
are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have 
been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the 
relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the relevant Issuer fails to agree a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the 
relevant Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of 
interest. In addition, while any adjustment spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise 
any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of an adjustment spread to the Notes 
may not do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The relevant Issuer has also undertaken in the Conditions that it will not make any amendment 
pursuant to Condition 4(e)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if to do so could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as, in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or, 
in the case of the Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
of the relevant Issuer. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any Notes linked to or referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable or any of the national or international reforms and the possible application of the benchmark 
replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes.  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.   
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
Each Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings the Issuer or to the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. If any rating assigned to the Issuers or the Notes is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn 
or not maintained by the Issuers, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
The Issuers are exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. As of the 
date of this Prospectus, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s.  SpareBank 1 SMN has 
been rated “A1” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 Østlandet has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s. The ratings from 
Moody’s carry stable outlooks. The Issuers’ ratings from Moody's currently incorporate one notch of rating 
uplift due to the rating agency's moderate government support assumption driven by their systemic 
importance. Moody's said that its government support assumptions are likely to be revised lower, once the 
proposed legislation for BRRD is passed into law by the parliament. Any adverse changes in rating 
methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuers’ operations or financial condition and the 
Issuers’ funding costs and ability to access the debt capital markets.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial 
statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
of each Issuer, including the information set out in the cross-reference list below in 
particular, available at:  
SpareBank 1 SMN, 2020: 
https://annualreport.smn.no/2020/multimedia/1250/annua
l-report-2020.pdf 
SpareBank 1 SMN, 2019: 
https://annualreport.smn.no/2019/attachment.ap?id=76 
SpareBank 
1 
Nord-Norge, 
2020: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/presentasjoner/2020/snn_arsrappo
rt2020_engelsk.pdf 
SpareBank 
1 
Nord-Norge, 
2019: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/rapporter/2019/q4/snn-annual-
report-2019.pdf 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet, 2020: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlan
det/omoss/investor/Rapporter2021/SB1-Ostlandet-
Arsrapport-2020-Engelsk.pdf 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet, 2019: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlan
det/omoss/investor/rapporter/SB1O_annual_report_2019.
pdf 
 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for the quarterly period ended 31 
March 2021 of each Issuer, including the information set out the cross-reference list below 
in particular, available at:  
SpareBank 1 
SMN: 
https://quarterlyreport.smn.no/2021/multimedia/1452/Q1-21-smn-
kvartalsrapport-ENG.pdf 
SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/rapporter/2021/engelsk-kvartalsrapport-
1Q21.pdf 
SpareBank 1 
Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/inv
estor/Rapporter2021/SPOL_20211Q_ENG-quarterly-report.pdf 
(c) 
 the memorandum and articles of association of each of the Issuers:  
SpareBank 1 
SMN: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/smn/om-
oss/Barekraft/smn-vedtekter-eng.pdf 
SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/articles-of-association-26.03.2020.pdf

--- Page 36 ---
36 
SpareBank 1 
Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/om
banken/SPOL_ArticlesOfAssociation_200326.pdf  
(d) 
the following Terms and Conditions of the Notes prepared by the Issuers in connection with 
the Programme and contained in the previous Prospectuses dated:  
(e) 
20 June 2013, pages 52 – 81 (inclusive);  
available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: https://ml-
eu.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/043e16a7-5726-45b3-8e8e-
13219613b40b   
(f) 
18 June 2015, pages 49 – 75 (inclusive);  
available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: http://hugin.info/144/R/1976973/888229.pdf   
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2015.pdf  
(g) 
10 June 2016, pages 51 – 78 (inclusive);  
available at:  
SpareBank 1 SMN: http://hugin.info/144/R/2247131/888194.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2016.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/investor/rating/
SparebankenHedmark_EMTN_Prospectus_2016.pdf  
(h) 
9 June 2017, pages 51-78 (inclusive); 
available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: http://hugin.info/144/R/2146448/888237.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2017.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/investor/rating/
SPOL_EMTN_Prospectus_2017.pdf  
(i) 
15 June 2018, pages 57 – 85 (inclusive);  
available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: http://hugin.info/144/R/2199859/888233.pdf

--- Page 37 ---
37 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2018.PDF 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/investor/rating/
SPOL_EMTN_Prospectus_2018.PDF; and  
(j) 
17 June 2019, pages 65 – 100 (inclusive);  
available at:  
SpareBank 1 SMN: https://ml-
eu.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/bb82c65e-63a4-4d4c-a027-
dcb15a0be885  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2019.pdf 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/investor/rating/
SPOL_EMTN_Prospectus_2019.pdf 
(k) 
17 June 2020, pages 67 – 102 (inclusive);  
Available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: https://ml-
eu.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/ffae3b78-6ed1-42c8-98d0-
4dc0894b82e8   
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge:  https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2020.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/ombanken/SPO
L_EMTN_Prospectus_2020.pdf 
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of the Prospectuses referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference lists below) are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Each Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue 
of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Cross Reference List 
Annual Report 
2020 
Annual Report 
2019 
Quarterly 
Financial 
Statements 31 
March 2021 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 
 
 
 
Statement of financial position 
 
 
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  page 106 
page 111 
page 21 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................  page 106 
page 111 
page 21 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  page 104 
page 109 
page 19 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................  page 104 
page 109 
page 19 
Cash flow statement 
 
 
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  page 111 
page 115 
page 22 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................  page 111 
page 115 
page 22 
Change in equity  
 
 
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  pages 109-110 
page 112-114 
pages 23-25 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................  pages 109-110 
page 112-114 
pages 23-25 
Accounting Policies and Explanatory Notes 
 
 
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  pages 114-213   
page 118-214 
pages 27-54 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................  pages 114-213   
page 118-214 
pages 27-54 
Auditors’ reports 
pages 220-225 
pages 221-225 
page N/A 
Alternative Performance Measures (complete 
document) 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  page 63 
page 49 
page 22 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................   
 
 
Income Statement 
page 62 
page 48 
page 21 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  page 62 
page 48 
page 21 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................   
 
 
Cash flow statement 
page 66 
page 52 
page 24 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  page 66 
page 52 
page 24 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................   
 
 
Change in equity  
pages 64-65 
page 50-51 
pages 23 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  pages 64-65 
page 50-51 
pages 23 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................   
 
 
Accounting Polices and Explanatory Notes 
pages 67-160   
page 53-145 
pages 26-52 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................  pages 67-160   
page 53-145 
pages 26-52 
‒ 
consolidated ....................................  pages 164-169 
pages 146-151 
page N/A 
Auditors’ reports 
161-163 
N/A 
N/A 
Alternative Performance Measures 
page 63 
page 49 
page 22

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Cross Reference List 
Annual Report 
2020 
Annual Report 
2019 
Quarterly 
Financial 
Statements 31 
March 2021 
 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
            -            unconsolidated .................................  page 119 
page 81 
page 16 
            -            consolidated……………………… 
page 119 
page 81 
page 16 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
            -            unconsolidated…………………… 
page 118 
page 80 
page 14 
            -            consolidated…………………….. 
page 118 
page 80 
page 14 
Cash flow statement 
 
 
 
            -            unconsolidated…………………… 
page 122 
page 84 
page 19 
            -            consolidated…………………….. 
page 122 
page 84 
page 19 
Change in equity  
 
 
 
            -            unconsolidated…………………… 
page 120-121 
pages 82-83 
pages 17-18 
            -            consolidated…………………….. 
page 120-121 
pages 82-83 
pages 17-18 
Accounting Policies and Explanatory Notes 
 
 
 
           -             unconsolidated………………….. 
pages 125-195 
pages 87-152 
pages 20-50 
           -             consolidated…………………….. 
pages 125-195 
pages 87-152 
pages 20-50 
Auditors’ reports 
pages 197-203 
pages 154-161 
N/A  
Alternative Performance Measures 
pages 208-211 
pages 166-169 
pages 52-55

--- Page 40 ---
40 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will  initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Note, each a “Global 
Note”) which, in either case, will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and (ii) if the Global Notes are not intended 
to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent (the “Agent”). 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive Notes 
of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means 
that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an

--- Page 41 ---
41 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available 
or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and 
ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 9 is not applicable, any Senior Preferred 
Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 
15 June 2018, executed by each Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new 
Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or 
more issued and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment 
Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
 [Date] 
[SpareBank 1 SMN/SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge/SpareBank 1 Østlandet] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): []/[]/[] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Prospectus dated 16 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus has been and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
[[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/about-us/investor/financial-information/funding.html]  
[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/investor/debt-investors/funding.html]/ 
[https://protect-
eu.mimecast.com/s/S6CACzmAJcMXvKWioTSu5?domain=sparebank1.no]]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [20 June 2013]/[18 June 2015]/[10 June 2016]/[9 June 
2017]/[15 June 2018]/[17 June 2019]/[17 June 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus 
dated 16 June 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 16 June 2021 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Prospectus,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus has been and, in the case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the 
Issuer 
[[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/investor/debt-
investors/funding.html]/[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/about-us/investor/financial-
information/funding.html]/[https://protect-
eu.mimecast.com/s/S6CACzmAJcMXvKWioTSu5?domain=sparebank1.no.]]   
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ]  
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [insert issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (if 
applicable) 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000.”)

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date/ or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[    ] month [EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference Rate] 
+/– [    ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes may be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [17]/[18] below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred 
/Subordinated] 
If Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
 
(a) 
Condition 2(b) (Set-Off) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes)

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(b) 
Condition 6(j) (Consent) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(c) 
Condition 6(l) (Redemption 
of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes 
upon 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Condition 6(n) (Substitution 
or 
Variation 
– 
Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Condition 7(b) (Restricted 
Gross-Up) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(f) 
Condition 
9 
(Events 
of 
Default)  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
If Subordinated Notes: 
 
(a) 
Condition 
6(m) 
(Substitution or Variation – 
Subordinated Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[    ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): (Applicable to 
Notes in definitive form) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ] ][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below/not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[    ] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Reference Rate: 
[    ] month [EURIBOR] 
‒ 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
‒ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] 
‒ 
Designated Maturity: 
[    ] 
‒ 
Reset Date: 
[    ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(ix) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
CMS Screen Page: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Multiplier: 
[    ] per cent. 
‒ 
Reference Currency: 
[Euro] 
‒ 
Designated Maturity: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Calculation Agent: 
[Agent/named Manager/other] 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) [Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xv) 
Condition 
4(e) 
(Benchmark 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
replacement): 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6(b)  
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for 
tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
17. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]  
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods (for Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
– 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)): 
Minimum period: [           ] days 
Maximum period: [           ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)  
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[    ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
Notice periods (for Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
– 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)):  
Minimum period: [           ] days 
Maximum period: [           ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods , the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)  
19. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, a Capital 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or on 
event of default:  
[    ] per Calculation Amount/] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14

--- Page 51 ---
51 
December 20052] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]”.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 14(iv)  relates)  
23. 
Talons for future Coupons  to be attached to 
Definitive: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made /No.] 
 
(Consider including a term providing for tax 
certification if requested to enable interest to be paid 
gross by issuers.)  
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]: 
By:  ............................................  
Duly authorised 
                                                     
2 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Bourse de Luxembourg and listing on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [specify (i) 
relevant regulated market and, (ii) if relevant, to 
admission to an official list if not Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [    ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Bourse 
de Luxembourg and listing on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [specify (i) relevant 
regulated market and, (ii) if relevant, to admission to 
an official list if not Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [    ].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.)  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[    ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).]  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the [United 
Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

--- Page 53 ---
53 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS OF THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons of the offer: 
(ii) 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus/[Green 
Projects]/[Give details]] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the Prospectus, give details.) 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[    ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.   
 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of the Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be

--- Page 55 ---
55 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
consumers 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment 
Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
[SpareBank 1 SMN/SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge/SpareBank 1 Østlandet] 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): []/[]/[]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 16 June 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the “Prospectus”).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus.  Copies of the Prospectus may 
be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
1. 
Issuer: 
[    ] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[    ] 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for 
 
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [   ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below)

--- Page 59 ---
59 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred 
/Subordinated]  
 
If Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
 
(i) 
Condition 2(b) (Set-Off) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(ii) 
Condition 6(j) (Consent) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(iii) 
Condition 6(l) (Redemption 
of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes 
upon 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Condition 6(n) (Substitution 
or 
Variation 
– 
Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Condition 7(b) (Restricted 
Gross-Up) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
(vi) 
Condition 
9 
(Events 
of 
Default) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
If Subordinated Notes: 
 
(i) 
Condition 
6(m) 
(Substitution or Variation – 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Subordinated Notes) 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon] 
(g) 
[Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following  
 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination 
CMS Rate Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[    ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [[    ] month [EURIBOR]]/specify 
other Reference Rate]. 
 
(Either EURIBOR or CMS Reference Rate or other, 
although additional information is required if other, 
including 
fallback 
provisions 
in 
the 
Agency 
Agreement) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[    ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[    ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending 
on market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(h) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
CMS Screen Page: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Multiplier: 
[    ] per cent. 
‒ 
Reference Currency: 
[Euro] 
‒ 
Designated Maturity: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Calculation Agent: 
[Agent/named Manager/other] 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
Other] 
(n) 
[Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[    ] 
(p) 
Condition 
4(e) 
(Benchmark 
replacement): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable][specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[    ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, 
if 
any, 
responsible 
for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[    ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for 
tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/[Spens Amount/Make 
whole Amount/]  specify other/see Appendix] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent [or Trustee])

--- Page 65 ---
65 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent [or Trustee]) 
22. 
[Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent [or Trustee])]  
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, a Capital 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but

--- Page 66 ---
66 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]  
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.]  
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]”.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
28. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
30. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By: 
 .............................................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 68 ---
68 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market - note this must not be a 
regulated market] with effect from [     ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).]  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the [United 
Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).]] 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Prospectus)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[     ][Green Projects]] 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that

--- Page 69 ---
69 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]  
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final 
Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
(as amended and restated) (as defined below). References to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below).  
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an Agency Agreement (as amended and restated) (such Agency Agreement, as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 16 June 2021, and made 
between, inter alia, SpareBank 1 SMN, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 Østlandet, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the 
“Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European 
Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as the case may be) (an 
“Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing 
Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. References to the “applicable Final Terms” 
are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or 
endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to 
include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant.  The expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form which are 
repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other 
than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue.  
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the 
Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to “Receiptholders” shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
“Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same 
terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (such Deed of Covenant, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Deed of Covenant”) dated 15 June 2018 and made by SpareBank 1 SMN, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, and 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for 
Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or 
collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be 
provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or the Issuer and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, 
as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more such Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.  
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a 
Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
This Note may also be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated 
Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer 
and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES AND SENIOR NON-PREFERRED 
NOTES 
(a) 
Status 
This Condition 2(a) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
references to “Notes” and “Coupons” in Condition 2(a)(i) shall be construed as references to Senior 
Preferred Notes and the related Coupons and references to “Notes”, “Coupons” and 
“Couponholders” in Condition 2(a)(ii) shall be construed as references to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the related Coupons. 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Preferred Notes”, the Notes and 
the relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured

--- Page 74 ---
74 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts 
required to be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time 
outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under 
guarantees of obligations of third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred 
by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, the 
Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and subject as set out in the paragraph below, 
in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration (except, in any such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or 
winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of 
the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have 
previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders (as defined below) and do not provide that the Notes thereby 
become redeemable or repayable), claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the 
Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any amounts 
attributable to the Notes and Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(B) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(C) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(D) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway which is due on 1 July 
2021, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the “Ranking Notice”) to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the Notes (together with any 
other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank within the class of unsecured debt 
instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as 
set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the 
avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking in Norway in order to 
implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking as set out above in this Condition 
2(a)(ii), such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law 
transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, by BRRD II and the Creditor Hierarchy Directive); 
“BRRD II” means Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
“Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
“Non-Preferred Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, inter alia, 
Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 3(a))); 
“Non-Preferred Parity Securities” means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
“Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); and 
“Statutory Non-Preferred Claims” means, from 1 July 2021, unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph. 
(b) 
Set-off 
This Condition 2(b) applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specifies that this Condition 2(b) is applicable and (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and references to 
“Notes” in this Condition 2(b) shall be construed accordingly. No holder of Notes who becomes indebted to 
the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration, be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes held by such holder of Notes. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Status 
This Condition applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes”, “Coupons”, 
“Noteholders” and “Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. The Notes and the 
Coupons constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, subordinated as described below. In the event of a 
liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, 
claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes and 
Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and Coupons and any damages awarded for breach 
of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means additional Tier 1 capital as defined in the CRR, as amended or 
replaced; 
“FSAN” means The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet);  
“Relevant Regulator” means the FSAN and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(as defined in Condition 18) (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
“Specified Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer and (c) subordinated creditors (excluding creditors in respect of Subordinated Parity 
Securities and Subordinated Junior Securities) of the Issuer in respect of any present or future 
obligation, whether dated or undated, of the Issuer which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, 
subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration, to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer;  
 “Subordinated Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes (which shall include, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any obligations of the Issuer which are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital by the 
Relevant Regulator); 
“Subordinated Parity Securities” means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant Regulator, any 
guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect 
of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a subsidiary of the Issuer which are 
eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, 
indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
 “Tier 2 Capital” means Tier 2 capital defined in the CRR, as amended or replaced. 
(c) 
Set-off 
This Condition 3(d) applies to Subordinated Notes. 
No holder of Notes who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such holder of Notes. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but

--- Page 77 ---
77 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.  
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date 
prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and Conditions, 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment 
date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) 
if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is:  
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or  
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or 
Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1), no offered quotation appears or, 
in the case of (2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent 
with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B): 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as selected by the Agent in consultation with 
the Issuer. 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(C) 
CMS Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where CMS Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) by reference to 
the following formula: 
(CMS Rate x Multiplier) plus Margin 
If the CMS Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the 
CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by 
the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the CMS Screen 
Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the Eurozone inter-bank market. 
“CMS Screen Page” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, Reuters Screen ICESWAP2 
(formerly ISDAFIX2) under the heading "EURIBOR BASIS – EUR" and above the caption "11:00 AM 
FRANKFURT" or its successor display page, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity” shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, the second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Margin” shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Multiplier” shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Currency” means Euro, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions"))

--- Page 82 ---
82 
with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice 
and/or the ISDA Definitions. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
“Specified Time” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, 11.00 a.m., Frankfurt time. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;  
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this

--- Page 85 ---
85 
paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), whether by the 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
(c) 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination or CMS Rate Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, if the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
other than EURIBOR or CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 
4(b) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein 
to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation 
Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.  
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
(e) 
Benchmark replacement 
This Condition 4(e) is applicable only in relation to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify that this Condition 4(e) is applicable and references to “Notes” in this Condition 4(e) shall be 
construed accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with the Issuer's 
agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the “Alternative Benchmark Rate”) 
and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the “Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page”) and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than three Business Days prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date”) for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 4(e)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner agree has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner agree is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate;  
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the 
Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph 
(iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) will 
continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(e); 
(iv) 
(subject as provided in Condition 4(e)(vii) below) if a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with 
the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in 
relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 4(e)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4(e)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders and until the Agent has been so notified the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) will 
continue to apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(e), if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating a future Reset Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), if in the Calculation Agent and the 
Fiscal Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 4(e), the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
Such Benchmark Amendments shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities unless such party 
consent. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:  
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines should be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(C) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(D) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, 
or option provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable); 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations 
then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the 
BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement 
or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will (on or before a specified date) cease 
publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(C) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has 
been or will (on or before a specified date) be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means that such Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will (on or before a 
specified date) be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (i);  
(E) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(F) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or will no longer be representative on or 
before a specified date, and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
in (i).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
“CRD” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and 
any CRD Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by the CRD V Directive); 
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other 
rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent 
required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any 
regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any 
successor or replacement thereof); 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2013/36/EU, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRR” means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as incorporated in Norway through Section 2 of the 
Norwegian regulation of 22 August 2014 no. 1097 on CRR/CRD IV (Nw. Forskrift 22. august 2014 nr. 1097 
om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRR II); 
“CRR II” means Regulation 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
575/2013, and Regulation 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes (or, if applicable, any 
other successor or alternative rate (or component part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes 
pursuant to the earlier operation of this Condition 4(e)); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as

--- Page 90 ---
90 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related Alternative Relevant Screen Page or source, 
if available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne or Wellington, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive 
Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).  
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and save as 
provided in Condition 5(e) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 
8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided 
that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive 
Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note where applicable against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States.  On the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Global Note which is not issued in 
new global note (“NGN”) form, a record of such payment made on such Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the 
Agent, and (ii) in the case of any Global Note which is an NGN, the Agent shall instruct Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
(d) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the final instalment will be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to 
which it appertains.  Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and  
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in:  
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
in any Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne or 
Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:  
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator, as provided in 
Condition 6(j), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than  the minimum period nor more than  the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Norway or any authority therein 
having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes;  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
and 
(iii) 
in case of Subordinated Notes, the effect of such obligation is material to the Issuer, 
((i), (ii) and (as applicable) (iii) together, a “Tax Event”) 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 6(j), if Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case 
of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will (i) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be 
selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 6(d) is not applicable for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and 
references to "Notes" in this Condition 6(d) shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator, as provided in 
Condition 6(j), if Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. It 
may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be 
satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by, if this Note is in definitive form, this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control.  
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 
9.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9: 
(i) 
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365, 
(f) 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes 
of Condition 6(b), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on 
an Interest Payment Date.   
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(g) 
Purchases 
Subject as provided in Condition 6(j) the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
(h) 
Cancellation

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Subject as provided in Condition 6(j), all Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the 
time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 
(g) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(ii) above as though the references therein to 
the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
(j) 
Consent 
This Condition 6(j) applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes where this Condition 6(j) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (“Restricted Senior Preferred Notes”), (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (ii) Subordinated Notes. 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 6(g), substitution or variation 
under Condition 6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or substitution or variation under Condition 6(n) 
(in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall take place without 
the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (in each case, if, and to the extent, then required by the 
Relevant Regulator and, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by 
the Applicable MREL Regulations).  In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) or 6(k) only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so 
requires, the Issuer may only redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to 
exercise such right of redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of 
the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Notes under Condition 6(a) or repayment pursuant to 
Condition 9, shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
(k) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon Capital Event 
This Condition 6(k) applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.  
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 
6(j), if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), on any Interest Payment Date redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(e), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the relevant Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance and/or the Relevant Regulator from time to time

--- Page 97 ---
97 
and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the relevant Issuer or to the relevant Issuer and its 
subsidiaries). 
A “Capital Event” means the determination by the relevant Issuer, after consultation with the 
Relevant Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of 
the last Tranche of the Notes, the Subordinated Notes are either partially or fully excluded from the Tier 2 
Capital, such determination to be confirmed by the relevant Issuer in a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the relevant Issuer. 
(l) 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6(l) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where 
this Condition 6(l) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes” 
and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 
6(j), if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(e) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change 
in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
excluded or partially excluded from the eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the 
Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (i) the remaining 
maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities (or any 
equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6(m) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 6(m) is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes”, “Noteholders” and 
“Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the 
Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 18, from English law to Norwegian law) so that

--- Page 98 ---
98 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that 
such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or 
varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
“Qualifying Subordinated Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 18 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two 
authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant 
securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), 
and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (ii) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (iii) have the same redemption rights as the 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (iv) comply with the then 
current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (v) preserve any 
existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, 
(vi) shall not at such time, following the substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
6(m), be subject to a Capital Event or a Tax Event, and (vii) where Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to a change in the governing law of 
Condition 18 to Norwegian law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(n) 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6(n) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred where this 
Condition 6(n) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes”, 
“Noteholders” and “Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or 
vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 18, from English law to 
Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined 
below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
“Qualifying MREL Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 18 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two

--- Page 99 ---
99 
authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant 
securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), 
and, subject thereto, they shall (A) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (B) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (C) have the same redemption rights as the 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (D) comply with the then 
current requirements in relation to eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) 
provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as 
the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (F) shall not at such time, 
following the substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 6(n), be subject to a an 
MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event, and (G) where Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to a change in the governing law of Condition 18 
to Norwegian law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18; 
and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
 
7. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Condition 7(b) below, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon:  
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than 
the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(f)). 
As used in these Conditions the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(b) 
This Condition 7(b) shall only apply to (i) Senior Preferred Notes where this Condition 7(b) is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes. Notwithstanding the generality of Condition 7(a), the obligation to pay 
additional amounts will be limited to payments of interest. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) thereof.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes  
This Condition 9(a) only applies to Senior Preferred Notes. If any one or more of the following 
events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing with respect to any Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and in the case of interest that default continues for a 
period of seven days; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation 
or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 
30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
any payment obligation under any indebtedness (including deposits) of the Issuer or any of 
its Principal Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of 
default (howsoever described) or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make 
any payment in respect of any indebtedness (including deposits) within 30 days of the due 
date for payment (or within the applicable grace period, if such period is longer than 30 
days) or any security given by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any 
indebtedness (including deposits) becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or 
indemnity given by it in relation to any obligation of any other person for 30 days (or within 
the applicable grace period, if such period is longer than 30 days), PROVIDED that no such 
event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness (including deposits) or 
other relative liability either alone or when aggregated with other indebtedness (including 
deposits) and/or liabilities relating to all (if any) other events which shall have occurred and 
be outstanding shall amount to at least €10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
and PROVIDED further that, for the purposes of this Condition 9(iii), neither the Issuer nor 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be in default with respect to any such 
indebtedness (including deposits), guarantee or indemnity if it shall be contesting in good 
faith by appropriate means its liability to make payment thereunder; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(v) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the 
whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to 
pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or  
(vi) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole 
or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in 
any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within l4 days; 
or 
(vii) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) 
or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with 
its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors), 
then, if the applicable Final Terms specify this Condition 9 as being applicable, any holder of any 
Senior Preferred Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Senior Preferred Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(e)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
“Principal Subsidiary” at any time shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer inter alia:  
(A) 
whose gross revenues attributable to the Issuer (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated gross 
revenues attributable to the shareholders of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated 
total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement.  
A report by the Directors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is/was or is/was 
not at any particular time or throughout any specified period, a Principal Subsidiary, accompanied, if 
requested, by a report by the Auditors addressed to the Directors of the Issuer as to proper extraction of the

--- Page 102 ---
102 
figures used by the Directors of the Issuer in determining the Principal Subsidiaries of the Issuer and 
mathematical accuracy of the calculations, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all parties. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 9 is “Not Applicable” in respect of 
any Senior Preferred Notes, there are no events of default in relation to such Notes.  
(b) 
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will 
be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that:  
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or any 
other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all 
of its assets to become the successor paying agent.  
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes 
are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that such publication will be 
made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so 
long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and 
the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange 
(or any other relevant authority). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including 
modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the 
currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain 
respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of

--- Page 104 ---
104 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders 
and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to:  
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or  
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same 
as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2 and 3), the 
Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2 and 3), the Receipts and the 
Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2 and 3 are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 17(b)(iii) below,  the English courts have jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons a “Dispute”) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b)(ii), the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(iii) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints London Central Services Ltd at its registered office at 4 Old Park 
Lane, London W1K 1QW, England as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English 
courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of London Central Services Ltd being unable 
or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.  
(d) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION 17(b), THE ISSUER WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY 
HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
NOTES, THE RECEIPTS AND THE COUPONS.  THESE CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED AS A 
WRITTEN CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
18. 
AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF THE BAIL-IN POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 18, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in 
any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
In this Condition 18: 
 
“Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom 
of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of Directive 2014/59/EU as amended 
or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; and 
 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or as may otherwise be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be. In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer 
will apply the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for Green Projects. Such Notes may also be 
referred to as "Green Bonds". SpareBank 1 SMN has published a Green Bond Framework relating to an 
investment in Green Projects which is available on its website (https://www.sparebank1.no/en/smn/about-
us/sustainability/green-bond-framework.html),  SpareBank 1 Østlandet has published a Green Bond 
Framework 
which 
is 
available 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-
us/sustainability/green-bond-framework.html) (each a "Green Bond Framework"). SpareBank 1 Nord-
Norge intends to publish such framework prior to the issuance of any Notes which are intended to finance 
Green Projects, which will be available on its wesbitse (https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/about-
us/about-us/sustainability.html). 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the webites to 
which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
THE SPAREBANK 1 ALLIANCE 
THE SPAREBANK 1 ALLIANCE  
The SpareBank 1 banks listed below operate an alliance (the “SpareBank 1 Alliance”) and develop product 
companies through the jointly owned holding company SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS.  
The paramount objective of the SpareBank 1 Alliance is to assure the independence and regional identity of 
the individual banks that make up the SpareBank 1 Alliance through strong competitiveness, profitability 
and financial soundness. The parties to the SpareBank 1 Alliance agreement are SpareBank 1 SMN, 
SpareBank 1 Nord Norge, SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, SpareBank 1 Østlandet and Samarbeidende 
Sparebanker AS.  The current set of contract terms pertaining to the SpareBank 1 Alliance and the 
SpareBank 1 banks’ rights and obligations have been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway (“FSAN”). 
The SpareBank 1 Alliance Structure 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS is owned by SpareBank 1 SMN (19.5 per cent), SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge (19.5 
per cent), SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA (19.5 per cent), SpareBank 1 Østlandet (12.4 per cent), 
Samarbeidende Sparebanker AS (19.5 per cent), and the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (LO) 
and affiliated trade unions (9.6 per cent).  
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS owns 100 per cent of SpareBank 1 Forsikring, ODIN Forvaltning, Conecto, 
SpareBank 1 Factoring, Modhi Finance and SpareBank 1 Spleis.  Fremtind Forsikring3 and its subsidiary 
Fremtind Livsforsikring is a joint venture with DNB where SpareBank 1 Gruppen owns 65 per cent. of the 
shares. LOfavør is a joint venture with the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (LO) where 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen owns 51 per cent. 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS provides the administrative superstructure for the SpareBank 1 Alliance through 
SpareBank 1 Banksamarbeidet DA (owned by the regional banks, Samarbeidende Sparebanker and 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS).  
The SpareBank 1 Alliance comprises 242 offices and branches across Norway. In total, the SpareBank 1 
Alliance has 8,074 full time employees as of 31 December 2020. Of these, 1,421 are employed by 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen and its subsidiaries.  
The SpareBank 1 Alliance was established to develop and deliver joint IT / mobile solutions, branding and 
marketing concepts, business models, products and services, expertise, analysis, processes, best-practice 
solutions and procurement. The SpareBank 1 Alliance has also developed two competence centres, one for 
payment transmission services (Trondheim) and the other for credit management (Stavanger). 
 
 
 
                                                     
3 DNB owns 35 per cent of the company

--- Page 109 ---
109 
The figure below illustrates the owners and alliance partners: 
 
 
 
SpareBank 1 
SR-Bank 
SpareBank 
1 Østlandet 
SpareBank 1 
SMN 
SpareBank 1 
SNN 
SpareBank 
1 SamSpar 
LO 
The Alliance 
CEO 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS 
SpareBank 1  
Banksamarbeidet DA 
SpareBank 1 Forsikring AS 
Life insurance 
LOfavør AS 
Management of customer relation program 
SpareBank 1 
Verdipapirservice AS 
SpareBank 1 Kundesenter AS 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Norge AS 
Fremtind Forsikring AS 
Non-life insurance 
Fremtind Livsforsikring (100% subs) 
Life Insurance 
ODIN Forvaltning AS 
Assset management 
SpareBank 1 Factoring 
SpareBank 1 Spleis AS  
Crowd funding 
SpareBank 1 Spleis AS  
Crowd funding 
SpareBank 1 Betaling AS 
Vipps 
SpareBank 1 Kredittkort AS 
Credit Card 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS 
Covered Bond company 
SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt AS 
Covered Bond company 
SpareBank 1 Markets 
Investment Bank 
BN Bank ASA 
Conecto AS 
Debt collection

--- Page 110 ---
110 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF SPAREBANK 1 SMN 
OVERVIEW  
SpareBank 1 SMN (formerly Sparebanken Midt-Norge) was founded in Norway on 26 May 1823 and is duly 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Norway pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act 2015 and 
registered in the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises with organisation number 937 901 003. The 
address of its registered office is Søndre gate 4, 7011 Trondheim, Norway (tel +47 915 07300). SpareBank 1 
SMN is a credit institution licensed by the Ministry of Finance and supervised by the Norwegian FSA 
(FSAN). 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s core market is Mid-Norway, and the bank operates in three counties; Trøndelag, Møre 
og Romsdal and Sogn og Fjordane. The head office is in Trondheim. 
SpareBank 1 SMN has just under 1,600 employees and total assets of NOK 188 billion as at 31 December 
2020 (calculated on a consolidated basis). SpareBank 1 SMN is a member of the SpareBank 1 Alliance. 
SpareBank 1 SMN offers a wide range of financial products and services to retail customers, small and 
medium-sized companies and the agricultural and public sectors. SpareBank 1 SMN is a regional 
independent savings bank with a local footing. Closeness and competence characterise SpareBank 1 SMN’s 
relationship to the market.  
Through the SpareBank 1 Alliance and its own subsidiaries, SpareBank 1 SMN has secured access to 
competitive products in the fields of financing, savings and investment, insurance and payment services. 
SpareBank 1 SMN and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “SMN Group”) maintains a variety of branches in 
the municipal and administrative centres in its core market. SpareBank 1 SMN currently has 45 branches. 
SpareBank 1 SMN had 260,000 customers at year-end 2020. 
SpareBank 1 SMN is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any shareholder.  
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
SpareBank 1 SMN provides financial products and advice to private individuals, businesses and the public 
sector in its core markets.   
In addition, SpareBank 1 SMN provides estate agency, asset management, and accounting services in the 
same geographical areas and to the same customer groups. 
The SpareBank 1 Alliance is SpareBank 1 SMN’s strategic foundation and the basis for SpareBank 1 SMN’s 
regional business strategies and independence. SpareBank 1 SMN will play an active role in the development 
of the SpareBank 1 Alliance as an expanding financial services grouping. A key aspect of SpareBank 1 
SMN’s strategy is to maintain a presence via branches in the municipal and administrative centres in its core 
market.  
Within the retail market segment, SpareBank 1 SMN aims to professionalise its operations and constitute an 
effective sales organisation. Within the corporate market segment, SpareBank 1 SMN aims to maintain its 
position as a regional market leader. Growth should take place on the basis of risk exposure at all times being 
in accordance with SMN Group’s credit strategy, ensuring a moderate level of losses over time.  
SpareBank 1 SMN aims to have a clear, leading position in the savings and pensions market segments in 
Mid-Norway. SpareBank 1 SMN is committed to systematically developing its employees’ expertise in 
accordance with regulatory requirements and customer demands, and aims to be the employer of choice, 
attracting and maintaining skilled employees who are proud of working for SpareBank 1 SMN.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
SpareBank 1 SMN aims to secure top-line growth by maintaining and strengthening its position in Mid-
Norway. Further, SpareBank 1 SMN will develop its multi-channel strategy and adapt customer contact to 
meet customer requirements as well as cost-efficient operations. SpareBank 1 SMN recognises the need to 
continue to develop its organisation through good management, maintenance of a high level of expertise and 
focus on continuous improvement and organisational flexibility in achieving its goals.  
The SMN Group will continue to maintain a strong focus on risk management, and aims to be a profitable, 
cost-efficient and low-risk bank, with a market share of at least 40 per cent. within its focus areas in Mid-
Norway. 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s administration structure is as follows: 
 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following is a discussion of the SMN Group’s financial condition and results of operations as at 31 
December 2020.  
Percentages in tables have been rounded and accordingly may not add up to 100 per cent. In addition, 
certain financial data has been rounded. As a result of this rounding, the totals of data presented in this 
document may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such data. Figures in parentheses refer to the 
corresponding period in 2019. 
 
Pre-tax profit: NOK 2,378 million (NOK 3,081 million) 
 
Post-tax profit: NOK 1,978 million (NOK 2,563 million) 
 
CET1 capital ratio: 18.3 per cent (17.2 per cent) 
 
Growth in lending: 9.0 per cent (4.7 per cent) and in deposits 13.5 per cent (6.6 per cent) 
 
Loan losses: NOK 951 million (NOK 299 million)  
In 2020 SpareBank 1 SMN achieved a pre-tax profit of NOK 2,378 million (NOK 3,081 million). The post-
tax profit was NOK 1,978 million (NOK 2,563 million). Overall operating income in 2020 came to NOK 
5,331 million (NOK 4,976 million), an increase of NOK 355 million from the previous year. 
Group CEO         
Jan-Frode Janson 
Retail Banking  
Nelly Maske 
Corporate Banking 
Vegard Helland 
Eiendomsmegler 1 
Midt-Norge  
Kjetil Reinsberg 
SpareBank 1 
Regnskapshuset 
SMN 
Group Finance and
Governance  
Kjell Fordal 
Risk Management   
Ola Neråsen 
Communication     
Rolf Jarle Brøske 
Technology and 
Development       
Astrid Undheim

--- Page 112 ---
112 
The profit share from SpareBank 1 Gruppen and other related companies was NOK 681 million (NOK 879 
million), including a gain of 340 million (NOK 460 million) upon the transfer of personal risk products to 
Fremtind Livsforsikring.  
Dividend and return on financial instruments came to NOK 230 million (NOK 307 million).  
Operating expenses came to NOK 2,952 million (NOK 2,797 million) in 2020. The growth in costs of NOK 
155 million is partly ascribable to reorganisaiton expenses (NOK 83 million), the bank activity (NOK 30 
million) and partly to increased activity in the subsidiaries (NOK 42 million).   
Losses on loans and guarantees totaled NOK 951 million (NOK 299 million), measuring 0.25 per cent (0.19 
per cent) of overall lending. The losses are mainly in oil-related activities. 
Good growth was posted in lending and deposits in 2020. Lending rose by 9 per cent (4.7 per cent) and 
deposits by 13.5 per cent (6.6 per cent).  
As at 31 December 2020 the CET1 ratio was 18.3 per cent (17.2 per cent). The CET1 ratio target is 15.0 per 
cent.  
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
SpareBank 1 SMN aims to maintain a moderate risk profile and to employ high quality risk monitoring to 
substantially reduce the chances of a single event seriously impairing SpareBank 1 SMN’s financial position. 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s risk profile is quantified through targets for rating, risk-adjusted return, expected loss, 
necessary economic capital and regulatory capital adequacy.  
The principles underlying SpareBank 1 SMN’s risk management are set out in SpareBank 1 SMN’s risk 
management policy. SpareBank 1 SMN places much emphasis to identifying, measuring, managing and 
following up central risks to ensure that the SMN Group progresses in line with its adopted risk profile and 
strategies. 
Risk management within the SMN Group is intended to support the SMN Group’s strategic development and 
target attainment. The risk management regime is designed to ensure financial stability and prudent asset 
management. This will be achieved through: 
 
a strong organisational culture featuring a high level of risk-management awareness 
 
a sound understanding of the risks that drive earnings and risk costs, thereby creating an 
improved basis for decision-making 
 
striving for an optimal use of capital within the adopted business strategy 
 
Contingency plans are in place and will reduce the risk for unexpected negative events 
which could be detrimental to the SMN Group’s operations and reputation in the market 
Return on risk-adjusted capital is a key strategic target at SpareBank 1 SMN. It entails allocating capital to 
business areas based on the estimated risk attending the business concerned, and continuous monitoring of 
return on capital. Calculation of risk-adjusted capital makes it possible to compare risk across risk groups 
and business areas. Risk is also gauged and monitored by measuring positions relative to quantitative risk 
limits and key portfolio risk limits. 
SpareBank 1 SMN applies a focused capital management process designed to assure: 
 
effective capital procurement and capital application in relation to the SMN Group’s 
strategic objectives and adopted business strategy

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
satisfactory capital adequacy in relation to the chosen risk profile 
 
competitive returns 
 
competitive terms and good long-term access to capital market funding 
 
the SMN Group’s ability to maintain at minimum its present international ratings 
 
utilisation of growth potentials in the SMN Group’s defined market area 
 
that no individual events can seriously impair the SMN Group’s financial position 
The SMN Group’s overall risk exposure and risk trend are monitored through periodic risk reports to the 
Administration and the Board of Directors. Overall risk monitoring and reporting are carried out by the Risk 
Management Division which is independent of the SMN Group’s business areas. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES 
The following section provides a description of SpareBank 1 SMN’s principal subsidiaries and BN Bolig 
AS. All of SpareBank 1 SMN’s subsidiaries are incorporated in Norway. 
The subsidiaries and BN Bolig AS, posted an aggregate pre-tax profit of NOK 540 million in 2020 
(compared to NOK 347 million in 2019). The results are from the companies’ financial statements. 
 
Pre-tax profit (NOK million) 
2020 
2019 
Change 
EiendomsMegler 1 Midt-Norge 
52 
31 
21 
BN Bolig AS 
0 
-30 
30 
SpareBank 1 Finans Midt-Norge 
214 
150 
64 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset SMN 
110 
108 
2 
Sparebank 1 Markets 
179 
43 
136 
SpareBank 1 SMN Invest 
6 
48 
-42 
SpareBank 1 Spire Finans 
-30 
  -20 
-10 
Other companies 
8 
16 
-8 
Total 
540 
347 
193 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Midt-Norge is a real estate brokerage in Trøndelag and in Møre og Romsdal. The 
company recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 52 million in 2020 (2019: NOK 31 million). BN Bolig, the 
company in which Eiendomsmegler 1 Midt-Norge and BN Bank each held a 50 per cent stake, was sold in 
the fourth quarter of 2019. 
SpareBank 1 Finans Midt-Norge has commercial responsibility for the leasing and secured loan financing 
product areas, and also offers consumer financing. The company recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 214 
million in 2020 (2019: NOK 149.9 million). SpareBank 1 SMN owns 61 per cent of the shares of SpareBank 
1 Finans Midt-Norge, and the rest is owned by Samarbeidende Sparebanker AS and Sparebanken Sogn og 
Fjordane. 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset SMN operates within financial management and accounting. The company 
posted a pre-tax profit of NOK 110 million in 2020 (2019: NOK 108 million).  
SpareBank 1 SMN Invest invests in shares, mainly in regional businesses. The company posted a pre-tax 
profit of NOK 6 million in 2020 (2019: NOK 48 million)

--- Page 114 ---
114 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS is an investment bank offering a complete product range. SpareBank 1 SMN 
owns 66.7 per cent of the company, which is headquartered in Oslo and has offices in Trondheim, Stavanger 
and Ålesund. The company’s consolidated pre-tax profit for 2020 was NOK 179 million (2019: NOK 43 
million). All business lines recorded higher income compared with 2019. 
MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
In accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act, SpareBank 1 SMN has a two-tier board structure 
consisting of a Supervisory Board and Board of Directors. The figure below shows an overview of 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s management and control bodies:  
 
A savings bank is esentially a ‘self-owned’ institution. However, savings banks that have issued equity 
capital certificates (EC) will be partly owned by the EC holders.  A savings bank´s governance structure and 
the composition of its governing bodies will to some extent differ from those of limited liability companies; 
see Chapter 8 of the Financial Undertakings Act which sets out the bodies which a savings bank must have – 
a “general meeting” - in SpareBank1 SMN´s articles of association named  “committee of representatives” - 
and a board of directors. SpareBank 1 SMN’s paramount body is the committee of representatives 
comprising EC holders, depositors, employees and representatives of the public authorities. 
According to the Financial Undertakings Act, at least three quarters of the members shall be persons who are 
not employed by the institution. Emphasis shall be given to ensuring that the elected members in aggregate 
reflect the financial institution's customer structure and other stakeholder groups as well as its societal role, 
unless such interests are attended to by another overarching corporate body. 
The committee of representatives ensures that SpareBank 1 SMN operates in line with its mission and in 
conformity with law, its articles of association and decisions of the committee of representatives. 
At savings banks that have issued transferable ECs, at least one-fifth and not more than two-fifths of the 
members of the committee of representatives must be elected by the EC holders. The committee of 
representatives approves the SMN Group’s accounts, authorises the Board of Directors to raise subordinated 
capital and to undertake any increase of capital, and appoints the members of SpareBank 1 SMN’s Board of 
Directors and election committee. The committee of representatives also fixes the remuneration for the 
Risk Management 
Supervisory Board 
Election 
Committee 
Board of Directors 
CEO 
Audit Committee 
Compensation 
External Auditor 
Internal Auditor

--- Page 115 ---
115 
above bodies. The members of the Board of Directors, the Group CEO and the auditor are summoned to 
meetings of SpareBank 1 SMN’s committee of representatives. They may participate in the proceedings but 
are not entitled to vote. The chairman of the committee of representatives presides over the meeting, or in the 
latter’s absence, the deputy chairman. 
The supervisory board currently has 32 members and 30 alternates with the following representation: 
 
EC holders: 12 members and 10 alternates 
 
the county councils of Trøndelag and Møre and Romsdal: 3 members with 3 alternates 
 
depositors: 9 members with 9 alternates 
 
employees: 8 members with 8 alternates 
Supervisory Board  
 
Members 
elected by 
the ECC 
holders 
Address 
Domicile 
No of Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
Lars 
Bjarne 
Tvete  
Frydenbergvn 6 
7050 
Trondheim 
15,000 
Local investor  
Therese 
Bjørstad 
Karlsen 
Havseilervegen 
24 
7053 Ranheim 
170 
Commercial real estate manager, 
Coop 
Knut Solberg 
(chair) 
Lokes vei 43 
7033 
Trondheim 
2,762 
Experience Solberg 
Olav 
Sem 
Austmo 
Loholt alle 42 H, 
7049 
Trondheim 
3,965,391 
Member 
of 
the 
Board: 
Styremedlem Sparebankstiftelsen 
SMN. CFO, Trønderenergi 
Nina Kleven 
Bergsligata 11 
7018 Ila 
1,100 
Area Manager, Elotec AS 
Nils 
Martin 
Williksen 
Nordveien 240 
7900 Rørvik 
82,449 
CEO, Nils Williksen AS 
Frithjof 
Anderssen 
Øvre Alle 17 
7030 
Trondheim 
26,797 
CEO, Motor-Trade AS 
Åsmund Skår 
Nes Terasse 11 
1394 Nesbru 
1,200 
Investor and Professional Board 
Member: Chair of the Board: 
Pareto Bank ASA 
Berit Tiller 
Andreas 
Holms 
vei 6A 
7020 
Trondheim 
950 
CEO, Trøndelag Teater AS 
Frode Hassel 
Sverresgt 11 
7012 
Trondheim 
49,122 
Investor 
Ingrid Finboe 
Svendsen 
Kometvegen 7 
7036 
Trondheim 
300 
CEO, Thomas Angells stiftelser

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Members 
elected by 
the ECC 
holders 
Address 
Domicile 
No of Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
Helge Moen 
Underhaugvegen 
29 
7514 Stjørdal 
15,000 
Investor and Professional Board 
Member 
Per 
Olav 
Tyldum 
(deputy chair) 
Bjørkveien 7 
7863 Overhalla 
- 
Mayor in Overhalla kommune 
Vegard 
Forbord 
Lerkehaugvegen 
53 
7711 Steinkjer 
- 
COO, Smart Labs AS 
Marit Dille 
Naeroysteine 
7950 Abelvaer 
1,039 
Project Coordinator, Mekon AS 
Anne 
Rita 
Bakken 
Kalkflata 1 
7509 Steinkjer 
2,915 
Research director, SINTEF 
Line Melkild 
Bjørgs gate 1a 
6600 
Sundalsøra 
- 
Accounting Consultant 
Randi 
Bakken 
Wessels 
gate 
12B 
7043 
Trondheim 
- 
Designer/ Business developer 
Anne Peggy 
Møller 
Schiefloe 
Tranabakken 
21D 
7713 Steinkjer 
- 
Head of T-Lab AS 
Elin Hagerup 
Hareveien 11 
7021 
Trondheim 
- 
 Ombudsman, 
Healthcare 
Sør 
Trøndelag   
Geir Hagen 
Tidemands gate 
28C 
7030 
Trondheim 
- 
CEO, Skipnes kommunikasjon  AS 
Rasmus 
Skålholt 
Kvålsjårvegen 
251 
7320 Fanrem 
- 
Trøndelag Fylkeskommune 
Stig 
Klomsten 
Klefstadbakkan 
15 
7070 Bosberg 
- 
Trøndelag Fylkeskommune 
Lilly 
Gunn 
Nyheim 
Stangvikvegen 
24 
6640 Kvanne 
- 
Møre & Romsdal Fylkeskommune 
Linda Renate 
Linmo 
Granvegen 15 
7870 Grong 
1,865 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Anders 
Skrove 
SpareBank 
1 
SMN 
Fjordgløttvegen 
25, 
7713 
Steinkjer 
2,088 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Bjørn Larsen 
SpareBank 
1 
SMN 
Reppeveien 6B, 
7054 Ranheim 
3,887 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Anne 
Kyvannsvegen 
7025 
1,461 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Members 
elected by 
the ECC 
holders 
Address 
Domicile 
No of Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
Valstad-
Aalmo 
39 
Trondheim 
Geir 
Tore 
Mathisen 
SpareBank 
1 
SMN 
Brøsetvegen 
32B, 
7045 
Trondheim 
2,900 
Employee, SpareBank I SMN 
Rolf Bratlie 
SpareBank 
1 
SMN 
Postboks 
194 
7223 Melhus 
1,861 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Johan 
Olav 
Valseth Lian 
SpareBank 
1 
SMN 
Leksdalsvegen 
134, 
7656 
Verdal 
1,274 
Employee, SpareBank I SMN 
Erik Gunnes 
SpareBank 
1 
SMN 
 Middelfarts 
veg 64, 7022 
Trondheim 
1,504 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
 
Board of Directors 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors of up to ten members, with up 
to six alternates, to be elected by the Supervisory Board. One of the members of the Board of Directors, and 
one alternate, is to be elected by and among the employees in the SMN Group. The current Board of 
Directors is comprised of nine members, including one alternate Director. Two of the Directors are 
representatives of the employees of the SMN Group. Members are elected for terms of up to two years.  
The Board of Directors, among other functions, shall supervise the day-to-day management of SpareBank 1 
SMN’s activity in general and ensure a sound organisation of the business activities. The Board of Directors 
has a duty to keep itself informed about SpareBank 1 SMN’s financial position and to ensure that its 
activities, accounts and asset management are subject to adequate control.  
 
Board of 
Directors 
Address 
Domicilie 
No of 
ECCs 
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
Kjell Bjordal 
(chair of the 
Board) 
Marg.Dahlsgt 9 
6413 Molde 
130,000 
Professional Board Member. Chair 
of 
the 
Board: 
Axess-Gruppen, 
Nordlaks-konsernet, 
Broodstock 
Capital 
Partners 
and 
Norsk 
Landbrukskjemi. Deputy chair of the 
Board: Entra Eiendom. 
Christian Stav 
(vice chair of 
the Board) 
Åsvegen 77 
7715 
Steinkjer 
20,000  
CEO, NTE 
Mette 
Kamsvåg 
Fannefjordsveien 
118 
6421 Molde 
5,600  
CEO, M-K Consulting AS and 
professional Board Member. Chair 
of the Board: Maritech Systems AS 
and WebMed AS. Deputy Chair of

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Board of 
Directors 
Address 
Domicilie 
No of 
ECCs 
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
the 
Board: 
SIVA. 
and 
Board 
Member: Wordline Group. 
Tonje 
Eskeland Foss 
Granlivegen 18  
7024 
Trondheim 
0 
Strategy director, Enova. Board 
Member, SalMar ASA  
Morten Loktu 
Fjordgt. 16 A 
7010 
15,000  
Senior Vice President Equinor, ASA 
Janne 
Thyø 
Thomsen 
Østersøvej 10, 1th 
6300 Gråsten  
DANMARK 
3000 
Consultant, self employed  
Freddy Aursø 
Svehøgda 104 
7550 
Hommelvik 
0 
CEO, Lighthouse8 AS 
Inge Lindseth 
Venusvegen 6C 
7037 
Trondheim 
8,905 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Christina 
Straub 
Pinebergvegen 11 
7045 
Trondheim 
758 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 SMN, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any duties 
to SpareBank 1 SMN of the Board of Directors and supervisory board and their private interests or other 
duties in respect of their management roles 
 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s senior management 
 
Kjell Fordal 
Executive director –
Finance and Strategy, 
Deputy CEO 
Chair of the Board: SpareBank 1 SMN 
Pensjonskasse, SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt 
AS, Prøven Eiendom AS and Trondhjems 
Turistforening. Board Member of SpareBank 1 
Markets 
AS, 
SpareBank 
1 
Kredittkort, 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset AS, SpareBank 
1 Pensjonsforsikring and BN Kreditt. 
Name 
Position 
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
SMN 
Jan-Frode Janson 
Group CEO  
Board 
member: 
SpareBank 
1 
Gruppen 
AS,SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA and Vipps AS. 
Chair of the Board of EiendomsMegler 1 Midt-
Norge AS, SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset SMN 
AS, SpareBank 1 Finans Midt-Norge AS, 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS and SpareBank 1 
Invest AS) 
Vegard Helland 
Executive director – 
Corporate Banking 
Chair of the Board: SpareBank 1 Finans Midt-
Norge and SpareBank 1 Factoring. Board

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 SMN, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any duties 
to SpareBank 1 SMN of the senior management and their private interests or other duties in respect of their 
management roles.  
The business address for each of the persons listed under the senior management is the registered office of 
SpareBank SMN (Søndre gate 4, 7011 Trondheim, Norway). 
member: SpareBank 1 Markets AS, Modhi 
Norge AS, Modhi Collect AS and Mavi XV 
AS. 
Nelly Maske 
Executive director – 
Retail Banking  
 
Rolf Jarle Brøske 
Executive director – 
Communications and 
Brands 
Chair of the Board: Spleis AS. Deputy Chair of 
the Board: Stiftelsen UNI. Board member 
Trøndelag Høyre. Member of Trondheim 
council 
Astrid Undheim 
Executive director –  
Technology 
and 
development 
PhD in Communications Technology from 
NTNU 
(2009). 
Master 
of 
Science 
in 
Communications Technology from NTNU 
(2004). Member of Rådet for SSB and 
experience 
from 
a 
number 
og 
public 
commitees. 
Ola Neråsen  
Executive director – 
Risk Management 
Board member: Betr AS 
Kjetil Reinsberg 
CEO 
EiendomsMegler 
1 
Midt-Norge 
Chair of the Board: EiendomsMegler 1 Norge 
AS and Brauten Eiendom AS. Board Member: 
Eiendom Norge and Agri Eiendom AS. 
Arne Nypan 
CEO SpareBank 1 
Regnskapshuset 
SMN

--- Page 120 ---
120 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE  
OVERVIEW  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is the result of the merger of around 40 savings banks in Nordland and Troms and 
Finnmark. SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has a comprehensive network of 19 branches from Helgeland in the 
south to Svalbard in the north. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s history started with the establishment of Tromsø Sparebank in 1836. Many of the 
region’s small savings banks merged in the 1960s and 1970s. The wave of mergers culminated in the 
establishment of Sparebanken Nord-Norge on 1 July 1989. In the early 1990s, Nordkapp Sparebank and 
Sparebanken Nordland also became part of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge. 
In 1996 SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge became part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance - a group of four regional banks. 
These banks collectively own SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS, which is a supplier of various financial products 
and services.  
The SpareBank 1 Alliance and SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS have played a very important role in SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge growing into a solid, strong bank ‘For Northern Norway’, which is SpareBank 1 Nord Norge’s 
vision.  
In March 2020 SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge announced a new collaboration with Helgeland Sparebank. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge will become a long-term owner of Helgeland Sparebank with a stake of 19.99 per 
cent of that bank’s equity certificates. As a part of the deal Helgeland Sparebank will acquire SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge’s banking business linked to the branches in Helgeland.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is a savings bank duly incorporated and operating under the laws of Norway 
pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act 2015 and registered with the Norwegian Registry of Business 
Enterprises with organisation number 952706365. The address of the registered office is Storgata 65, 9008 
Tromso (tel +47 77 6 22000). SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is a credit institution licensed by the Ministry of 
Finance and supervised by the Norwegian FSA (FSAN). 
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and its subsidiaries (the “SNN Group”) hold a unique position in the region, 
enjoying customer relationships with almost half of the population and a powerful distribution system thanks 
to branches in 19 locations. 
The SNN Group’s corporate vision is “For Northern Norway”, and its ambition is to be number one for 
customers, employees and owners. This is based on the following five strategic goals: 
 
Northern Norway’s most enthusiastic customers 
 
Number 1 in all business areas and areas in the region 
 
Northern Norway’s most attractive and engaging workplace 
 
Undisputedly solid, with returns among the best of comparable corporations 
 
Quality in everything we do 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge provides comprehensive, modern financial solutions to customers based in the 
northern Norwegian market. SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is an independent financial services group within the 
SpareBank 1 Alliance. Being part of a national alliance ensures effective technological development and 
competitive terms and conditions.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge aims to be a bank that renews itself for the benefit of the people and businesses in 
northern Norway. SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s strategy is to be aggressive in the market and be thought of as 
a clear alternative to national and international competitors.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is an attractive workplace with a corporate culture characterised by dynamic 
training, a will to win, and a willingness to work together towards a common goal. Its operations are based 
on strict requirements concerning integrity and business ethics. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has two shareholder groups: 46.4 per cent is owned via the Oslo Stock Exchange, 
while the North Norwegian community owns 53.6 per cent This ownership model underpins the company’s 
North Norwegian profile and strong position in the region, including through the allocation of dividends to 
the North Norwegian community. SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
by any shareholder. 
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norges’s administration structure is as follows: 
 
 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following is a discussion of the SNN Group’s financial condition and results of operation as at 31 
December 2020.  
Percentages in tables have been rounded and accordingly may not add up to 100 per cent. In addition, 
certain financial data has been rounded. As a result of this rounding, the totals of data presented in this 
document may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such data. Figures in parentheses refer to the 
corresponding period in 2019. 
 
Pre-tax profit: NOK 2,102 million (NOK 2,473 million) 
 
Post-tax profit: NOK 1,742 million (NOK 2,062 million) 
 
CET1 capital ratio: 17.5 per cent (17.2 per cent) 
 
Lending growth: 4.4 per cent (6.7 per cent) 
CEO 
Liv Bortne Ulriksen 
Chief Communication Officer 
Stein Vidar Loftås 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Trude Glad 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Lasse Hagerupsen 
Chief Customer Officer 
Ronni Møller Pettersen 
Chief of Staff 
Turid Aspenes 
Chief Technology Officer 
Geir Andreassen 
Chief Risk Officer 
Marius Nilsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Bengt Olsen

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Deposits growth: 7.5 per cent (6.3 per cent) 
 
Loan losses: NOK 332 million (NOK 11 million) 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has seen a minor decrease in the consolidated net interest income from NOK 2,097 
million in 2019 to NOK 2,068 million in 2020.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is aiming to continue to increase its income through a broad range of products 
within areas other than traditional credit activities that involve no credit risk, such as savings, investments 
and insurance. In 2020 the SNN Group's net commissions and other operating income accounted for 39 per 
cent of total income excluding income from financials compared to 35 per cent in 2019. 
The SNN Group’s net loan loss for 2020 amounted to NOK 332 million, an increase from NOK 11 million in 
2019. The loss is distributed with NOK 10 million in the retail market and NOK 322 million in other losses.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge holds, at year end 2020 a CET-1 at 17.5 per cent, an increase from 17.2 per cent in 
2019. The long term targeted CET-1 solvency ratio is 15 per cent.  
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
For SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge it is important that external and internal reporting maintains a high level of 
quality. The SNN Group is dependent on a good reputation and trust among its customers, owners, the 
authorities and other business associates in order to be an attractive partner and a natural first choice. In 
order to achieve this, the SNN Group must have a clear and efficient structure for the division of 
responsibility and management. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge shall, at any given time, operate in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations 
and internal guidelines, including the Group’s core values and ethical guidelines (SNN Code of Conduct). 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s risk and capital management should support the SNN Group’s strategic 
development and achievement of targets, and at the same time ensure financial stability and proper asset 
management. This is to be achieved through: 
 
A strong organisational structure characterized by high risk management awareness. 
 
Striving towards an optimal application of capital within the adopted business strategy. 
 
Striving for an equal risk-adjusted return on customers over time within the adopted 
business strategy. 
 
Exploitation of synergy and diversification effects. 
 
Having sufficient core/subordinated capital according to the chosen risk profile. 
The Group aims to ensure that the aggregated risk level is moderate and within the limits set by the Group’s 
subordinated capital and other provisions. The Group’s minimum goal is to maintain its current international 
rating in order to ensure a long-term ample supply of ordinary borrowing from the capital markets. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES  
SpareBank 1 Finans Nord-Norge AS is 100 per cent owned by SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and has business 
responsibilities for the product areas of leasing and secured financing, with Northern Norway as the primary 
market area. The company recorded a pre-tax result of NOK 176 million in 2020 (2019: NOK 166 million).   
EiendomsMegler 1 Nord-Norge AS is a member of a nationwide alliance with other real estate companies 
owned by SpareBank 1 banks. EiendomsMegler 1 Nord-Norge AS is 85 per cent owned by SpareBank 1

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Nord-Norge and carries out real estate operations at 17 different locations in northern Norway. 
EiendomsMegler 1 Nord-Norge AS delivered a pre-tax result of NOK 39 million in 2020 (2019: NOK 17 
million). 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset Nord-Norge AS is responsible for the operations in the fields of financial 
management and accounting. It recorded a pre-tax result of NOK 25 million in 2020 (2019: NOK 22 
million). 
MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
In accordance with the Financial Undertaking Act, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has a two-tier board structure 
consisting of a Supervisory Board and Board of Directors.  
 
 
 
The Bank's management structure is based on the Bank's vision, established goals, strategies and core values. 
It is intended to ensure goal-oriented and independent management and control that covers all processes and 
control measures implemented by the Bank's management to ensure effective business management and 
implementation of the Bank's strategies. A number of independent control bodies have been established that 
are intended to ensure that owners and other interested parties receive correct information about commercial 
and financial matters. The control bodies have different duties and purposes. The various bodies' general 
roles and responsibilities are defined by the law, regulations and the Articles of Association. Effective target-
oriented management is a prerequisite for continuously measuring the Bank's strategic goal attainment. The 
Audit Committee 
Risk Committee 
k
Nomination Committee 
Supervisory board 
External auditor 
Board of Directors 
Internal Auditor 
CEO 
Risk Management 
Corporate 
governance 
Compliance

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Bank uses scorecards, rolling prognoses and the accounts as management tools. Accountability is ensured by 
clearly communicating business plans and agreed targets to the employees. This is managed through clearly 
defined roles, responsibilities and expectations, and managers who are responsible for achieving targets 
within the various areas of responsibility.  
The following table sets out the members of the Supervisory Board of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: 
 
Members 
Number of Equity 
Capital Certificates  
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge  
Roar Dons (Chairman) 
12,852 
CEO, Pellerin Utvikling AS 
Dagny 
Valakar 
(Deputy 
Chairman) 
- 
CEO 
Charlotte Ringkjøb 
190 
Attorney 
Mona Abelsen 
- 
Business owner 
Rita Myrvang 
- 
CEO 
Marit Hætta Øverli 
- 
Artist  
Johanne Marie Olaussen 
180 
Student 
Grete Erlingsen 
0 
Attorney 
Mathilde Eilertsen Andenes 
0 
Student 
Odd Levy Harjo 
100 
CFO 
Gro-Marith Karlsen 
22 
Head of clinic 
Kurt Jenssen 
- 
Deputy mayor/ Head of Operations 
Beate Bø Nilsen 
- 
Market and communication manager 
Ane Engel Røger 
34 
Legal Assistant  
Kristian Eilertsen  
- 
Politician 
Trond Mohn 
102,187 
CEO  
Tom Rømer Svendsen 
1,000 
Financial Analyst 
Håkon Løbach Willumsen 
7,000 
CEO 
Kjell Olav Pettersen 
46,632 
Chairman 
Linn Knudsen 
4 326 
Accounting 
Kjell Kolbeinsen 
11,046 
Chairman 
Erling Dalberg 
- 
CEO

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Members 
Number of Equity 
Capital Certificates  
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge  
Gry-Janne Rugås 
27,483 
CFO 
Elin Wintervold 
18,078 
Goldsmith 
Odd Erik Hansen 
400,000 
CEO 
Sissel Ditlefsen 
126,174 
Optician 
Svein Ove Haugland 
600 
CEO 
Lars Martin Lunde 
1,000 
CEO 
Rigmor S. Berntsen 
164,000 
Self-employed 
Birger Dahl 
282,86 
Chairman 
Irina S. Møllersen 
1,235 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Kjetil Ask Olsen 
107 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Kenneth Normann 
1,293 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Aud Skaret 
4,290 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Øyvind Pallesen 
7,030 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Tor Magne Oppheim 
6,521 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Dag Inge Lund 
410 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Svein Borhaug 
45,572 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
The following table sets out the members of the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge as of 24 
March 2021: 
 
Members  
Number of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Current 
occupation 
Other business activities 
Karl Erik Schjøtt-
Pedersen (Chairman) 
7,599 
Menon 
economics  
 
Kjersti Terese Stormo 
(Deputy Chairman) 
1,928 
CEO Bodø 
Havn Kf 
Chairman of the Board: Visit Bodø  
Board Member: Fjuel Bodø AS,  
Kathrine Tveiterås 
0 
Dean at UiT 
Board Member: Troms Kraft AS 
Kim Daniel Victor 
Arthur 
0 
Carpenter  
Chairman of the Board: Ekte AS, Flow 
Coworking AS, Møbelkameratene AS.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Members  
Number of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Current 
occupation 
Other business activities 
Board Member: It Partner Tromsø AS 
Lisbeth Berg-Hansen 
0 
CEO JMJ invest 
AS  
Chairman of the Board: Mathallen Tromsø 
AS, Kruse Larsen AS. 
Board Member: Jmj Maskin AS, Marøy 
Viking AS, Særnorsk AS, Lerøy Nord AS, 
Svaberget Smolt AS, Sintef Ocean AS, 
Sinkaberg-Hansen AS, Bindalssmolt AS, 
Calanus AS, Jmj Invest AS 
Trude Slettli 
0 
 
Signalfeil AS, Helse Nord Ikt HF 
Geir Bergvoll  
2,360 
 
 
Vivi Ann Pedersen 
(employee 
representative) 
24,765 
 
Folkeaksjonen for Et Åpent Tromsdalen 
Turområde 
Kjetil Berntsen 
(employee 
representative) 
848 
 
 
 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any 
duties to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Board and their private 
interests or other duties in respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the Supervisory Board and Board of Directors is 
the registered office of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s senior management 
 
Name 
Position 
Liv Bortne Ulriksen 
Chief Executive Officer 
Bengt Olsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Geir Andreassen 
Chief Technology Officer 
Marius Nilsen  
Chief Risk Officer 
Ronni Møller Pettersen 
Chief Customer Officer  
Stein Vidar Loftås 
Chief communications officer  
Turid Aspenes  
Chief of staff

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Name 
Position 
Lasse Hagerupsen 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Trude Glad 
Chief Commercial Officer 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any 
duties to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge of the senior management and their private interests or other duties in 
respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the senior management is the registered office of 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF SPAREBANK 1 ØSTLANDET 
OVERVIEW  
In 2020, SpareBank 1 Østlandet celebrated its 175th anniversary. The bank can trace its history back to 1845, 
when funds from local granaries, forest commons, local authorities and private individuals were pooled to 
found the first of the savings banks that later became Sparebanken Hedmark and then SpareBank 1 
Østlandet. 
The bank came into being through a series of mergers between formerly independent savings banks in the 
former county of Hedmark. Altogether, 22 local savings banks have merged and evolved to become 
Hedmark’s largest provider of external debt financing. Prior to 1 April 2017, the bank’s name was 
Sparebanken Hedmark. It assumed its current name following the merger with Bank 1 Oslo Akershus AS 
(“B1OA”) on 1 April 2017. The bank’s head office is in Hamar, Norway.  
In June 2006, SpareBank 1 Østlandet became part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance. The alliance has been key in 
the development and offering of relevant products to the customers of SpareBank 1 Østlandet, enabling the 
combination of efficient operations and economies of scale with independent local banking operations.  
In the autumn of 2011, the former Sparebanken Hedmark expanded into the neighbouring county of Oppland 
with branches in the cities of Gjøvik and Lillehammer. After the merger on 1 April 2017, the bank assumed 
its current name SpareBank 1 Østlandet. With the expansion into Oslo and other parts of Viken, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet has become Norway’s fourth largest savings bank group.  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet has, as at 31 December 2020, around 365,000 customers, 1,149 full time employees 
across 37 branches in the Inland, Oslo and Viken counties. Total assets were NOK 194 billion, including 
loans transferred to SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt and SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt. 
In the autumn of 2016, the Ministry of Finance gave its approval for SpareBank 1 Østlandet, as the first bank 
in Norway, to pay out annual customer dividends based on the Bank's profits. The first qualifying year 
started 1 January 2017, and first payout was in April 2018. 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet has an equity capital certificate structure with 70 per cent. of the capital owned via 
Oslo Stock Exchange. The rest of the capital is defined as primary capital and is self owned. Approximately 
85 per cent. of the equity for distribution is owned by investors within SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s primary 
market area in the Innlandet, Viken and Oslo counties. The largest shareholders are Sparebankstiftelsen 
Hedmark, a foundation which owns 52.1 per cent. of the shares, and Landsorganisasjonen Norge, a national 
trade union center which owns 9.6 per cent. of the shares.SpareBank 1 Østlandet is a savings bank 
incorporated and operating under the laws of Norway pursuant to Financial Undertakings Act 2015, and is 
registered with the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises with organization number 920 426 530. The 
address of its registered office is Strandgata 15, PO Box 203, N-2302 Hamar and the telephone number of its 
registered office is +47 915 02999.  SpareBank 1 Østlandet is a credit institution licensed by the Ministry of 
Finance and supervised by the Norwegian FSA (FSAN).  
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet provides financial products and services to private individuals, businesses and the 
public sector in the eastern regions of Norway. As the leading financial group in the Inland region4, the 
group contributes to growth and development through financing individuals and companies. SpareBank 1 
Østlandet also provides leasing, accounting and real estate brokerage services through its subsidiary 
companies. With the acquisition of B1OA, SpareBank 1 Østlandet expanded its home market to include a 
larger part of Eastern Norway.  
                                                     
4  
Source: Main bank share: Kantar, position poll. Conducted 2019

--- Page 129 ---
129 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s mission statement is "creating together". The overarching goal of SpareBank 1 
Østlandet is to remain one of Norway’s largest, most well-capitalised and profitable financial groups.  
In 2017, SpareBank 1 Østlandet established a new strategic destination for the period 2018 to 2021. By the 
end of 2021: 
 
To be the third largest savings bank in Norway 
 
To have one of the most attractive equity certificates on Oslo Stock Exchange 
 
To be differentiated from the main competition and to have increased its market share 
 
To make banking easy for customers and employees 
 
To be the best in the alliance at cross-sales and have utilized the profitable potential in the 
Group 
 
To have established SpareBank 1 Østlandet as a bank with a distinct ESG profile 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CEO 
 
Corporate Market 
 
Retail Market 
 
Organisational and Capital 
Markets 
 
Business operations 
 
Risk and Compliance 
 
HR and Legal 
 
Finance 
 
Communications 
 
Innovation and business 
development

--- Page 130 ---
130 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following provides an overview of the SpareBank 1 Østlandet Group’s financial performance as at 31 
December 2020. 
Percentages and certain financial data in the corresponding tables are rounded, and may not add up to 100 
per cent. Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 2019. 
 
Profit after tax:  
 
  
 
NOK 1,608 million (NOK 1,928 million)  
 
Earnings per equity capital certificates:  
NOK 9.57 (NOK 11.55) 
 
Net interest income: 
 
 
 
NOK 2,177 million (NOK 2,166 million)  
 
Net commissions and other operating income: 
NOK 1,441 million (NOK 1,388 million) 
 
Net income from financial assets and liabilities:  NOK 545 million (NOK 735 million)  
 
Total operating expenses:  
  
 
NOK 1,902 million (NOK 1,930 million)  
 
Impairments on loans and guarantees: 
 
NOK 330 million (NOK 32 million)  
 
CET1 capital ratio: 
 
  
 
17.8 per cent. (17.2 per cent) 
 
Leverage ratio: 
 
  
 
7.2 per cent (7.2 per cent) 
 
LCR: 
 
  
 
140.6 per cent (162.2 per cent)  
The total numbers of equity capital certificates (ECC) as at 31 December 2020 to 115,829,789 with a ECC 
capital of NOK 5,791,489,450. The largest owners are Sparebankstiftelsen Hedmark and the Norwegian 
Confederation of Trade Unions (LO). 
The lending growth inclusive of transferred loans to the covered bond companies, was NOK 10.6 billion 
(NOK 10.5 billion), equivalent to 7.0 per cent (7.5 per cent).  
Deposits from customers increased by NOK 7.1 billion (NOK 7.0 billion), equivalent to 9.1 per cent (9.8 per 
cent).  
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet aims to maintain a low to moderate risk profile and to employ risk monitoring of 
such high quality that no single incident will seriously impair the bank’s financial position. The risk profile 
has been set through risk statements for different risk areas and quantified through targets for rating, return 
on equity and regulatory capital adequacy.   
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s risk management shall support the Bank’s strategic development and the attainment 
of its goals. Risk management shall also ensure financial stability and satisfactory asset management. This is 
to be achieved by: 
 
A strong corporate culture characterised by high awareness of risk management 
 
A good understanding of which risks drive earnings 
 
Striving towards an optimal application of capital within the adopted business strategy 
 
Avoiding unexpected negative events that can seriously impair the Group’s financial status 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet's capital management needs to ensure: 
 
Effective funding and use of capital funds in relation to the Group's strategic goals and 
approved business strategy

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Competitive returns 
 
Satisfactory capital adequacy in relation to the Bank's chosen risk profile 
 
Competitive terms and good long-term access to funding in capital markets 
 
Exploitation of the growth opportunities in the Group's defined market area 
 
That no individual negative events can seriously harm the Group's financial status  
Based on the strategic goals, a capital plan is drawn up each year for the following three years to ensure 
long-term and targeted capital management. The capital plan takes into account projections of the Group's 
financial development over the next three years. These projections are based on the expected developments 
in the period, as well as a situation with a serious economic downturn over a minimum of three years. 
Based on the projections of the total capital requirements, the management and the Board make an overall 
assessment about whether the capital requirements are sufficient and adapted to SpareBank 1 Østlandet's 
current and future risk profile and strategic goals.  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet aims to be one of the most well-capitalised regional savings bank, and therefore 
operates with a target of one percentage point above the regulatory requirement for common equity tier 1 
(CET1) for the financial year 2021. The regulatory requirement is equivalent to 14.1 per cent as of 1 January 
2021. 
SUBSIDIARIES 
EiendomsMegler 1 Innlandet AS 
EiendomsMegler 1 Hedmark Eiendom AS is a part of the EiendomsMegler 1 Alliance, one of Norway's 
largest chain of real estate agents. The company has branches in all major cities and towns in Hedmark, as 
well as branches in Nes in Akershus and Gjøvik in Oppland. Most of the agencies are located together with 
the bank's branches in order to promote cooperation between the bank and real estate agencies in delivering 
relevant products to the customers of the group. The company has 11 branches and is the largest local real 
estate agent in its market area measured in the number of home sales. Profit after tax in 2020 was NOK 9 
million (2019: NOK 5 million). 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS offers leasing and loan finance to the business sector, as well as unsecured 
loans for cars, motorcycles and caravans to private individuals. SpareBank 1 Østlandet is the majority 
shareholder (95 per cent), with SpareBank 1 Ringerike Hedeland as joint minority owner (5 per cent.). The 
company has a presence in Oslo, Viken, Vestfold and Telemark, and the Inland counties. This has made the 
company a significant participant in the leasing and secured financing market in Eastern Norway. Profit after 
tax in 2020 was NOK 126 million (2019: NOK 118 million). 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet VIT Group (previously TheVIT)  
TheVIT provides services within finance, human resource, management consultancy and accounting, 
targeting small and medium-sized companies within production, trade, and farming. SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
owns 70.68 per cent of the shares. Profit after tax in 2020 was NOK 0 (2019: NOK -7 million). 
EiendomsMegler 1 Oslo Akershus Group 
EiendomsMegler 1 Oslo Akershus Group is a wholly owned administration and settlement office for the 
group's real estate services in the Oslo and Akershus regions. The company supports and owns 100 per cent 
of the real estate agency EiendomsMegler 1 Oslo AS. Most of the agencies are co-located with the bank's 
branches in the Oslo and Akershus regions, in order to promote cooperation between the bank and real estate

--- Page 132 ---
132 
agencies in delivering relevant products to the customers of the group. Profit after tax in 2020 was NOK 12 
million (2019:  7 million). 
Vato AS 
Vato AS is a property management company that was set up to manage some of SpareBank 1 Østlandet's 
office buildings in Hedmark County. The book value of the company as at 31 December 2021 was NOK 9 
million, and profit after tax in 2020 was NOK 2 million (2019: -1 million). 
Youngstorget 5 AS 
Youngstorget 5 AS is a Norwegian private limited liability company. The book value of the company is at 31 
December 2021 was NOK 148 million, and profit after tax in 2020 was NOK 4 million (2019: NOK 8 
million). 
MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s various management and control bodies have been established with respect to 
Norwegian legislation. The figure below shows an overview of the bank’s management and control bodies.  
 
 
 
 
The governance structure and the composition of the governing bodies of savings banks differs somewhat 
from those of limited liability companies, as the Financial Undertakings Act sets outs the bodies which a 
savings bank must have – a supervisory board (also termed ‘committee of representatives’ or ‘board of 
trustees’) and a board of directors.  
The Supervisory Board 
As the bank’s highest decision-making body, the Supervisory Board ensures that the bank operates in 
accordance 
with 
its 
objectives 
and 
in 
compliance 
with 
legislation 
and 
regulations. 
 
Supervisory Board 
Board of Directors 
CEO 
External auditor 
Internal auditor 
Risk and Compliance 
Election Committee 
Audit Committee 
Risk Committee 
Remuneration 
Committee

--- Page 133 ---
133 
The Supervisory Board has 40 members and 40 alternates with the following representation: 
 
14 customers (depositors) 
 
4 publically elected officials (Hedmark County Council) 
 
12 equity certificate representatives 
 
10 bank employees 
The following is a list of the current members of the Supervisory Board (as of 6 May 2021).  
 
Name 
Number 
of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Background 
Malin Westby Skoglund 
- 
CFO Kongsvinger Kommune 
Kari Heggelund 
- 
Mayor Åsnes Municipality 
Brit Godtlun 
512 
CEO Kvinner i Skogbruket 
Siv Nytrøen Reiten 
- 
Head of Human Resources 
Inger Johanne Reiestad Hansen 
- 
Lawyer Campbell & Co. 
Ragnhild B. Abrante 
- 
Head 
of 
Communication, 
Eidsiva Vannkraft 
Heidi Hemstad 
- 
CEO, Korn og Jord Ousdal AS 
Pål Jan Stokke 
- 
CEO, Atlungstad Golf AS 
Bodil Helene Andersen 
424 
Special Auditor, Skattekrim 
Svein Frydenlund 
1,282 
CEO, Hamarregionen Utvikling 
Martine J. Thorleifsson 
- 
Marketing 
Manager, 
Redningsselskapet 
Trine Hagelin 
- 
Nurse 
Linda Aas 
134 
Accountant, SISA Invest AS 
Aslaug Marie Etterlid Ringstad 
- 
CEO, Inpro AS 
Stein Tronsmoen5 
- 
Politician (Centre Party) 
Jesper Nohr6 
- 
Politician (Centre Party) 
Turid Backe-Viken 
- 
Sales and Marketing Manager, 
SkiStar Norway 
Mona Cicilie Stormoen 
- 
Politician (Labour Party) 
Joakim Ekseth 
- 
Branch Manager DB Schenker 
Sjur Smestad 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Carina CC Bierke Christiansen 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Mette Solbergseter 
2,602 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
                                                     
5 Temporary leave 22 April 2021-30 September 2021. Replaced by Jesper Nohr in his absence. 
6 Replacement for Stein Tronsmoen 22 April 2021-30 September 2021.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Name 
Number 
of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Background 
Mette Berntsen 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Tom-Erik Strand Udnesseth 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Catherine Norland 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Anniken Wolf Joner 
3,055 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Magnar Nybakk 
3,055 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Ann Mari Melgård 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Arne Grunt 
5,000 
Retiree 
Trond Hagerud 
5,243 
Managing Director, Mapei AS 
Thorleif Sørhol Nielsen7 
55,000 
CEO, Mustelidae AS 
Marianne Steenland 
- 
Veterinarian 
Leif Johan Laugen 
- 
CEO, Boligflyt AS 
Tore Larsen 
- 
Dealer Manager, Skalahus AS 
Bjørnar Håkensmoen 
- 
CEO, Duett AS 
Marit Johnsrud 
153 
Lawyer, Johnsrud & Co AS 
Olav Vold 
2,472 
Farmer 
Jo Simen Drågen 
- 
CEO, Haugans Hus Invest AS 
Peggy Hessen Følsvik 
- 
Vice President, LO Norway 
Terje Olav Olsson 
- 
Secretary, LO Norway 
Board of Directors 
According to its Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet shall consist of 7 
to 9 members. The Board of Directors is elected by the Supervisory Board based on the nomination of the 
electoral committee, except for the two employee representatives. Directors are elected for terms of up to 
two years. The Supervisory Board in separate electoral processes elects the chair and deputy chair.  
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet.  
                                                     
7 Through the investment company Mustelidae AS.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Board of Directors 
Number of 
Equity Capital 
Certificates 
Current occupation 
Other business activities 
Siri Jarandsen 
Strømmevold 
(Chair) 
3,845 
Managing director of 
Tynset Bokhandel 
Board Member: Feste NordØst 
AS  
 
Nina C. Lier 
(Deputy Chair) 
1,282 
CFO of Sykehuset 
Innlandet HF 
 
Alexander 
Sandberg Lund 
4,286 
Lawyer, Partner 
Lawfirm CLP 
Chairman of the Board: Kamma 
AS, Lekerøya Invest AS. 
Board Member: Heal Invest AS, 
Klarkraft AS  
Guro Nina Vestvik 
346 
Urban Developer, 
Hamar Kommune 
 
Tore-Anstein 
Dobloug 
0 
CEO 
Sparebankstiftelsen 
Hedmark 
 
 
Jørn-Henning 
Eggum 
0 
President. 
Fellesforbundet 
Chairman of the Board: AS 
Eiendommer, Fellesforbundet. 
Board Member: Stiftelsen LO 
Media, Sameiet Sydneskleiven 4, 
LO Norge. 
Espen Bjørklund 
Larsen 
0 
Senior union 
representative, Finance 
Sector Union of 
Norway, at SpareBank 1 
Østlandet AS 
Board Member: Sparebanken 
Hedmarks Kunstfond  
 
Marit Jørgenrud 
1,282 
Senior union 
representative, LO 
Finance, at SpareBank 1 
Østlandet AS 
Chairman of the Board: LO 
Finans 
Østlandet.  
Board Member: LO Finans HK  
 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the Supervisory Board and Board of Directors is 
the registered office of SpareBank 1 Østlandet. 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Østlandet, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Board and their private interests or other 
duties in respect of their management roles. 
Group management 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s senior management is as follows:

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Name  
Number 
of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Position  
Served 
since  
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
Richard Heiberg 
107,538 
Chief Executive 
Officer  
2010 
Chairman of the Board: 
Richard Heiberg Invest AS  
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet TheVIT 
Board Member: 
SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA  
Finans Norge  
Finans Norge Servicekontor  
Sparebankforeningen i Norge  
Fremtind Forsikring AS  
Geir-Egil Bolstad 
38,769 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
2016 
Deputy Chair of the Board: 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS  
Board Member: 
SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt AS  
BN Bank ASA  
Modhi Finance  
Modhi Collect AS  
Modhi Norge AS  
Deputy Board Member: 
Odin Forvaltning 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS  
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS  
SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA  
Dag-Arne Hoberg 
7,134 
Head of 
Innovation and 
Business 
Development 
2017 
Board Member: 
SpareBank 1 Betaling AS  
Eiendomsmegler 1 Innlandet AS  
Elin B. Ørbæk 
1,602 
Chief Operating 
Officer 
2018 
CEO, AS Vato  
Chairman of the Board: 
AS Vato  
Youngstorget 5 AS  
Board Member: 
Stiftelsen Støttesenter Mot Incest og 
Seksuelle Overgrep Hamar  
Vidar Nordheim 
5,060 
Chief Risk and 
Compliance 
Officer 
2006 
Vidar Nordheim (owner) 
Board Member: 
SpareBank 1 Gjeldsinformasjon  
Noboer  
Siv Stenseth 
3,055 
Head of 
Communication 
2003 
 
Liv Krokan Murud 
3,376 
Acting Head of 
HR and Legal 
2002 
Board 
Member: 
Ove 
Nielsens 
Humanitære Stiftelse  
Hans Olav Wedvik 
3,055 
Head of 
Corporate 
Banking 
2016 
Chairman of the Board: 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS 
Board Member: 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS  
Fremtind Service AS  
Kari Elise Gisnås 
3,055 
Head of 
Personal 
Banking 
2009 
Chairman of the Board: 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Innlandet AS  
Eiendomsmegler 1 Oslo AS  
Eiendomsmegler 1 Oslo Akershus AS  
Deputy Chairman of the Board:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Name  
Number 
of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Position  
Served 
since  
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
VN Norge AS 
Norge Forvaltning AS  
Espen Mejlænder-
Larsen 
6,308 
Head of 
Organizations 
and Capital 
Markets 
2017 
Chairman of the Board: 
LO Favør AS  
Board Member: 
Oslo Kongressenter Folkets Hus AS  
 
 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the senior management is the registered office of 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet. 
 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Østlandet, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any 
duties to SpareBank 1 Østlandet of the senior management and their private interests or other duties in 
respect of their management roles.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country in which 
they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway and Luxembourg in respect of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date.  
Norwegian Taxation  
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax. Such 
holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a 
business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. Such tax liability may be 
modified through an applicable tax treaty.  
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest 
payments from Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments made to related parties of 
the debtor who are resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of each Issuer as a Norwegian 
savings bank, each Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes 
issued by each Issuer. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Notes. Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes 
is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from 
Norway. Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes 
is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from 
Norway. Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.  
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
as amended (the “Relibi Law”) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is resident in Luxembourg will be subject 
to a withholding tax of currently 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if 
the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, 
payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate of currently 20 per cent.  
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in 
a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the

--- Page 140 ---
140 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under 
"Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 16 June 2021, agreed with each Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In 
the Programme Agreement, each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or, 
if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms, to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA 
C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
If Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Accordingly, if Category 1 is specified in the Final Terms the Notes are being offered and sold only 
outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as 
a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented

--- Page 142 ---
142 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State of the European Economic Area , each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed 
by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may, make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the relevant Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 
1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan.  
Norway  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
(i) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of 
Notes for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; 
(ii) 
to “professional investors” as defined in Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Trading Act of 29 
June 2007; 
(iii) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors”) as defined in 
Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007, subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(iv) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement 
for the registration or the publication by the Issuer of the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus 
pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
registered 
with 
the 
Norwegian 
Central 
Securities 
Depository 
(Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext VPS) in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as 
being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the Notes are 
denominated in NOK and offered and sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:  
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 146 ---
146 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or (5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities 
and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 
2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither any of the 
Issuers nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
Subscription Agreement.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Sparebanken Midt-Norge dated 17 December 2003, Sparebanken 
Nord-Norge dated 19 March 2001 and Sparebanken Rogaland dated 18 December 2003. 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
SpareBank 1 SMN dated 4 February 2021, the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge dated 10 
February 2021 and SpareBank 1 Østlandet dated 11 December 2020.  
Admission to Trading and Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in 
London and Luxembourg and on the following websites: 
SMN: https://www.sparebank1.no/en/smn/personal.html  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/personal.html 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/personal.html 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of each Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes 
in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(c) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and Pricing 
Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity) to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
Each of the Issuers currently prepares audited consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an 
annual basis. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, SA, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of any of the Issuers 
since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of any of the Issuers 
since 31 December 2020.  
Litigation 
None of the Issuers are or have been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which any of the Issuers are aware) in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of any of the Issuers.  
Independent Auditors  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the auditors of SpareBank 1 SMN are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, 
which are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening), who 
have audited SpareBank 1 SMN’s consolidated and non-consolidated accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, 
including International Standards on Auditing as of and for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019, respectively. The predecessor auditors of SpareBank 1 SMN were Deloitte AS, 
which are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening), who 
audited SpareBank 1 SMN’s consolidated and non-consolidated accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in the Kingdom of Norway as of and for the financial 
year ended on 31 December 2018. The regulations of the Norwegian accounting act and accounting 
standards, principles and practices generally accepted in Norway have been applied in the preparation of the 
financial statements of the non-consolidated accounts. International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU have been applied in the preparation of the financial statements of the consolidated 
accounts.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the auditors of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge are KPMG AS, whose 
partners are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening), who 
have audited both SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s consolidated and non-consolidated accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally 
accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing as of and for each of the two financial 
years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 respectively. The audit report on the 2020 
financial statements is unmodified. The audit report on the 2019 financial statement includes an ‘Emphasis 
of Matter related to the Restatement of Financial Statements’ paragraph due to the board of directors 
decision to reduce the proposed dividend as a result of the uncertain economic consequences of the COVID-
19 pandemic. International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU have been applied in the 
preparation of the financial statements of the consolidated and non-consolidated accounts.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the auditors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet are Deloitte AS, whose audit 
partners are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening), who 
have audited both SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s consolidated and non-consolidated accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally 
accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing as of the financial year ended on 31 
December 2020. The predecessor auditors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet were PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, 
which are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening), who 
have audited both SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, 
including International Standards on Auditing as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. The 
regulations of the Norwegian accounting act and International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the EU have been applied in the preparation of the financial statements of the non-consolidated accounts. 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU have been applied in the preparation of the 
financial statements of the consolidated accounts.  
Websites 
The website of SpareBank 1 SMN is https://www.sparebank1.no/en/smn/personal.html.  
The website of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/personal.html.  
The website of SpareBank 1 Østlandet is https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/personal.html. 
The information contained on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Prospectus, unless specifically incorporated by reference and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers and 
their affiliates in, the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or Issuers’ affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers 
consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
THE ISSUERS  
 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
Søndre gate 4 
N-7467 Trondheim 
Norway 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
Storgata 65 
Strandgata 15 
N-9008 Tromsø 
2317 Hamar 
Norway 
Norway 
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
51 rue La Boétie 
75009 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale  
Mainzer Landstrasse 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan AG 
38, avenue Kléber  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
75116 Paris  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
UBS Europe SE 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,  
70173 Stuttgart 
Federal Republic of Germany 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d’Esch 
L - 2953 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Allen & Overy LLP 
PO Box 1524 Vika 
One Bishops Square 
N-0117 Oslo 
London E1 6AD 
Norway 
United Kingdom

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
AUDITORS 
To SpareBank 1 SMN 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Sentrum 
Postbox 748 
N-0106 Oslo 
Norway 
To SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
To SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
KPMG AS 
Deloitte AS 
PO 6262 
PO Box 221 Sentrum 
N-9292 Tromsø 
N- 0103 Oslo 
Norway 
Norway 
 
To SpareBank 1 Østlandet