--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
 
 
 
SPAREBANK 1 BOLIGKREDITT AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Under this €35 billion Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme (the Programme) SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes 
(Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), registered form (Registered Notes) (the Bearer Notes together with the Registered Notes, the Ordinary Notes) 
or uncertificated book-entry form (VPS Notes) cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, (trading as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealers 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standard of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the Official List) and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to 
the Notes being listed (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Issuer intends to request that the Central Bank of Ireland provide the competent authority in Norway (the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (FSAN) 
(Finanstilsynet)) with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Notification). The Issuer may request the Central Bank of Ireland to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the EEA with a 
Notification. Following provision of the Notification, the Issuer may apply for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange (or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a Notification has been made), either together with a listing on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market or as a single listing. If any Notes issued under the Programme are to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (or on the regulated market of any 
other Member State to which a Notification has been made), this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any VPS Notes which are to be listed are expected 
to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Arranger (as defined below) and the relevant Dealers.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not 
contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes" (the Ordinary Note Conditions) and "Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes" (the VPS Conditions which, when taken together with the Ordinary Note Conditions, are referred to as the Conditions)) of Notes 
will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, with respect to Notes to be listed on the 
Official List, Euronext Dublin and, with respect to Notes to be listed on any other stock exchange or market, will be delivered to such other stock exchange or market 
on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms in relation to the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at live.euronext.com. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) or the securities laws of any 
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction, and are being offered and sold in offshore transactions to persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S ), in compliance with applicable securities laws.   
Each purchaser of a Note will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended 
to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Note, as described in this Base Prospectus, and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its 
compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases (see "Subscription and Sale "). 
The Notes issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned an "Aaa" rating by Moody's Investors Service Limited (Moody's, the Rating Agency).  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. 
Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). Moody’s is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.  Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, EONIA, STIBOR, SARON or SONIA as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR, EONIA, and SARON are included 
in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, Treasury Markets Association and the 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence) and SONIA does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation.  
Neither the United States Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission in the U.S. nor any other U.S. regulatory authority has 
approved or disapproved the Notes or determined that this Base Prospectus is truthful or complete.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offence in the U.S. 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 26 April 2022 
ARRANGER 
HSBC 
 
DEALERS 
BARCLAYS 
CITIGROUP 
CREDIT SUISSE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
ING BANK 
NATIXIS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
COMMERZBANK 
DANSKE BANK 
HSBC 
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
This document, including documents referred to in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference", comprises 
a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in 
this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  This Base Prospectus is not a 
prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision or order under the Securities Act. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus 
has been accurately reproduced (and is clearly sourced where it appears in the document) and, as far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer only and not that of any 
Shareholder Banks or any other SpareBank 1 Alliance (as defined below) entities or any other entities.  The Notes 
will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Shareholder Banks, the Originators, the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Swap Providers, any company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to 
the transaction documents relating to the Programme.  No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer 
to pay any amount due under the Notes will be accepted by any of the Shareholder Banks, the Originators, Arranger, 
the Dealers, the Swap Providers, any company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party 
to the transaction documents relating to the Programme. 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out 
below of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and (in the case of Ordinary Notes listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and the applicable Final Terms.  This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger and Dealers have not independently verified (i) the information contained herein or (ii) any statement, 
representation, or warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Notes or any other 
agreement or document relating to any Notes or made in connection with the Programme, or any other agreement 
or document relating to the Programme.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Arranger as to (a) the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, 
adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Notes or any other agreement or 
document relating to any Notes or the Programme.  No Dealer or Arranger accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Shareholder Banks to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Shareholder Banks, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
by the Issuer, the Shareholder Banks, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Shareholder Banks.  Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Shareholder Banks, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.  None of the Dealers or the Arranger owe any 
fiduciary duty to any investor in the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer or the Shareholder Banks is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Arranger and the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Shareholder Banks during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, among other things, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION (THE SEC), ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.  ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENCE. 
For a more complete description on offers, sales and transfers, see "Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes" 
and "Subscription and Sale ". 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered within Norway or to or for the benefit of persons 
domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the 
registration at Euronext VPS of VPS Notes.   
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer, the Shareholder Banks, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Shareholder Banks, the Arranger or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Norway), 
the United Kingdom and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale ". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, 
any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Member 
State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes.  Accordingly, any person making or 
intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of a placement contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms which 
specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in 
such prospectus or final terms, as applicable.  Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for 
such offer. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, MiFID 
II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets;  
(v) 
understand that an investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer only 
and not that of any other SpareBank 1 Alliance (as defined below) entities or any other entities; and

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Notes linked to other assets or bases of reference may entail significant risks not 
associated with investments in conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited 
to, the risks set out below in "Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes". 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios.  
A potential investor should not invest in the Notes, which are complex financial instruments, unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact the investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and 
to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE U.S.  
 
In accessing the Base Prospectus you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. You acknowledge that 
you will not forward this electronic form of the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
 
NOTHING IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN INVITATION OR OFFER TO SELL OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN INVITATION OR OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES DESCRIBED THEREIN IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
 
THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF 
THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED, AND THE SECURITIES MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S)), EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND 
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE 
FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION 
OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE 
TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE 
APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
 
To be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the Notes described herein, 
investors must be non-U.S. persons purchasing in offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) in compliance

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
 
with applicable securities laws. The Base Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting this e-mail and 
accessing the Base Prospectus you shall be deemed to have represented to us that, among other things: (1) you and any 
customers you represent are non-U.S. persons purchasing in an offshore transaction (as defined in Regulation S) and 
(2) you consent to delivery of this document by electronic transmission. 
 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose 
possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you 
are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other person. The 
information contained in this e-mail message is confidential information intended only for the use of the individual or 
entity to which it is addressed. Distribution of this electronic transmission of the Base Prospectus to any person other 
than (a) the person receiving this electronic transmission from the Dealer (as defined below) on behalf of the Issuer 
and (b) any person retained to advise the person receiving this electronic transmission with respect to the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus (each an Authorised Recipient) is unauthorised. Any photocopying, disclosure or 
alteration of the contents of the Base Prospectus, and any forwarding of a copy of the Base Prospectus or any portion 
thereof by electronic mail or any other means to any person other than an Authorised Recipient, is prohibited. Failure 
to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act. By accepting delivery of the Base 
Prospectus, each recipient hereof agrees to the foregoing. 
 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation in any place to any person whom offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires 
that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer or manager or any affiliate of the Dealer or 
manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by or through the 
Dealer or manager or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this 
medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of the Issuer 
or any Dealer (as defined below) or any person who controls it nor any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate 
of it or any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the 
Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format herewith and the hard copy version available to you on request 
from the Issuer or any Dealer (as defined below). 
 
Notwithstanding any provision herein or in the Base Prospectus to the contrary, each prospective investor (and each 
employee, representative or other agent of each such prospective investor) may disclose to any and all persons, 
without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal income tax treatment and U.S. federal income tax structure of any 
transaction contemplated in the Base Prospectus and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to it relating to such U.S. federal income tax treatment and U.S. federal income tax 
structure.

--- Page 9 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 2 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information ................................................................................ 28 
Forward-Looking Statements ........................................................................................................................... 29 
Stabilisation ...................................................................................................................................................... 29 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 31 
Ownership Structure of the Issuer .................................................................................................................... 36 
Obligations of the Shareholder Banks .............................................................................................................. 37 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 39 
Description of the Issuer's Business ................................................................................................................. 40 
Management of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................ 44 
Mortgage Origination, Eligibility and Servicing .............................................................................................. 46 
Cover Pool Review Process.............................................................................................................................. 55 
Description of the Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement ........................ 56 
The Norwegian Economy, Housing and Mortgage Loan Markets ................................................................... 62 
Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) ........... 73 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 79 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 84 
Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes ................................................................................................... 94 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes ........................................................................................................ 133 
Overview of the Swap Agreements ................................................................................................................ 160 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 164 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 169 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 175 
Index of Defined Terms.................................................................................................................................. 178

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Ordinary Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" shall have the same meanings 
in this section. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Issuer: 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS 
 
The Issuer is a private limited liability company.  The Issuer was 
established on 18 August 2005 and registered in Norway on 
12 October 2005 with registration number 988 738 387. 
 
The Issuer holds a licence from the Financial Supervisory 
Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) (FSAN) as a credit 
institution (Kredittforetak).  For a more detailed description of 
the Issuer, see "Description of the Issuer's Business" and 
"Management of the Issuer" below.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300M6HRHPF3NQBP83 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure 
of a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All 
of these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Guarantor: 
None. 
Obligations of the Shareholder Banks: 
Pursuant to the Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder 
Note Purchase Agreement (as defined in "Description of the 
Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase 
Agreement" below), each of the Shareholders (the Shareholder 
Banks) will be obliged to provide certain financial support to 
the Issuer in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. 
The level of financial support provided to the Issuer by each 
Shareholder Bank will vary on a pro rata basis according to the 
percentage shareholding in the Issuer of that Shareholder Bank. 
 
The percentage which each Shareholder Bank holds in the Issuer 
may vary from time to time depending on the volume of 
Mortgage Loans transferred by that Shareholder Bank to the 
Issuer.  Furthermore, additional banks may acquire shares in the 
Issuer and accede to the Shareholders' Agreement and the 
Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement.  The names of the 
current Shareholder Banks are set out below.  
 
A Shareholder Bank may resign from the Shareholders' 
Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement or 
have its shareholder status terminated, in each case in

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
accordance with the terms of the Shareholders' Agreement and 
the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the Shareholder 
Banks under the Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder 
Note Purchase Agreement do not constitute a guarantee in 
respect of amounts due and payable under the Notes.  The Notes 
will be solely obligations of the Issuer and, in particular, will not 
be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Shareholder 
Banks, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other entity.  In the 
event of the Issuer defaulting on its obligations under the Notes, 
the Noteholders hold the benefit of priority of claim over the 
assets in the Cover Pool.  For further details of risks in relation 
to the Cover Pool, see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Notes 
generally" below. 
 
For further details of the Shareholders' Agreement and the 
Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement see "Description of the 
Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase 
Agreement" below. 
Shareholders: 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
BN Bank ASA 
 
SpareBank 1 Ringerike Hadeland  
 
SpareBank 1 Østfold Akershus 
SpareBank 1 Helgeland 
SpareBank 1 Nordmøre 
SpareBank 1 Søre Sunmøre 
SpareBank 1 Gudbrandsdal 
SpareBank 1 Hallingdal Valdres 
SpareBank 1 Lom og Skjåk 
Originators: 
The Shareholder Banks which are party to a Transfer and 
Servicing Agreement with the Issuer from time to time.  As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, all Originators are part of the 
SpareBank 1 Alliance or owned by SpareBank 1 banks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Arranger: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
 
Natixis 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  Notes may also be issued to third 
parties. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued from time to 
time in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements (see 
"Subscription and Sale "), including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the issue 
proceeds are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent; see 
"Subscription and Sale ". 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses for the listing of 
money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
12 months and complying also with the definition of securities 
are not subject to the approval provisions stated therein. 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Principal Paying Agent and Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Calculation Agent: 
Citibank, N.A. 
VPS Agent (in the case of VPS Notes): 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS 
VPS Trustee (in the case of VPS Notes): 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the 
Programme limit in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, Norwegian kroner, U.S. 
dollars, and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, any other currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may 
be redenominated in euro.  The relevant provisions applicable to 
any such redenomination are contained in Condition 4(i) of the 
Ordinary Notes and Condition 4(f) of the VPS Notes. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.  The 
Issue Price will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (in the case of Bearer 
Notes), registered form (in the case of Registered Notes) or 
uncertificated book-entry form (in the case of VPS Notes); as 
described in "Form of the Notes".  
 
Each Registered Note will be deposited on or around the 
relevant Issue Date with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
Each Bearer Note will on issue be represented by a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. 
 
Each Bearer Note (i) will either be issued in new global note 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and will be 
deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date with a common 
safekeeper for the International Central Securities Depositaries 
or (ii) will not be issued in new global note form, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, and will be deposited on or around the 
relevant Issue Date with a common depositary for the 
International Central Securities Depositaries. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title.  Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS. 
 
Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable for Registered 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances set out in the 
"Form of the Notes" below. 
 
Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable for Bearer Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances set out in the "Form of the 
Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate or 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of 
Notes, then in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such 
that any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) cannot 
be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may 
(subject to certain conditions) be permitted to substitute such 
Original Reference Rate with a Successor Rate or failing that an 
Alternative Rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of 
such Series of Notes and, potentially, the application of an 
adjustment spread (which could be positive or negative)).  See 
Condition 3(d) for further information.  
Redemption: 
The relevant Maturity Dates and Extended Final Maturity Dates 
are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions" and "Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year" above. 
Optional Redemption: 
Early redemption of the Notes will only be permitted to the 
extent specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Extendable Obligation: 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the Issuer's 
obligations to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the 
applicable Series of Notes on their Maturity Date shall be 
deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes"), provided that any 
amount representing the amount due on the Maturity Date as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms (the Final Redemption 
Amount) due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may 
be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up 
to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date.  
Such deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Notes on 
their Maturity Date.  Interest will continue to accrue on any 
unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to Condition 4(h) of the 
Ordinary Note Conditions and Condition 4(e) of the VPS 
Conditions, to the extent the Issuer has sufficient monies 
available to make partial payment of the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date of the relevant Series 
of Notes, the Issuer is required to make such partial payment, 
and the automatic deferral described above will apply only to 
remaining unpaid amounts. Pursuant to the Shareholder Note 
Purchase Agreement (as described more fully in "Description of 
the Shareholders’ Agreement and the Shareholder Note 
Purchase Agreement"), the Issuer may issue Shareholder Notes 
for the purposes of funding any shortfall in funds available to 
pay any Final Redemption Amount. The proceeds of the 
issuance of any such Shareholder Notes would be applied on the 
relevant Maturity Date, reducing the unpaid amount to be 
deferred pursuant to the Ordinary Note Conditions and/or the 
VPS Conditions. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency (see "Certain Restrictions" 
and "Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above) and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the 
Kingdom of Norway.  In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is required by law, the Issuer will pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted unless 
the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(c) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes and Condition 5(c) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) 
issued on an unconditional and unsubordinated basis and in 
accordance with the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings 
and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 
nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) 
(the Act) and the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups (forskrift 9. 
desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations).  The Notes and 
any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer under the Act (the 
Covered Bonds), together with the Issuer's obligations under 
the Swaps (as defined in the Ordinary Note Conditions or VPS 
Conditions as applicable) and any other derivative instruments 
entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds 
(the Covered Bond Swaps), have, according to the Act, an 
exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised claim against a cover 
pool of certain registered eligible assets (the Cover Pool) upon 
public administration of the Issuer.  From time to time the Issuer 
may establish separate cover pools of assets to secure other 
securities issued by the Issuer.   The holders of the Notes issued 
under this Programme shall not have recourse to such cover 
pools. 
 
See also "Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding 
Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)" below. 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to Noteholders are to the 
Noteholders and the holders of any other securities issued by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Act. 
Activities: 
The Issuer will restrict its activities in accordance with 
Norwegian legislation and its licence. 
Overcollateralisation:  
Pursuant to the terms of the Act, the Issuer is required to ensure 
that the prudent market value of the assets in a Cover Pool shall 
at all times exceed the value of the covered bonds with a 
preferential claim against the Cover Pool (derivative contracts 
taken into account) (Overcollateralisation). A higher level of 
Overcollateralisation may be set through regulations passed by 
the Ministry of Finance under the Act. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, pursuant to the Regulations the Issuer is required to 
ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 2 
per cent. at all times.  The Issuer has also contractually agreed 
to provide a minimum level of overcollateralisation in the Cover 
Pool as set out in Condition 2(b) of the Ordinary Notes and 
Condition 2(b) of the VPS Notes.  Such a level of contractually 
agreed overcollateralisation will be subject to change in 
accordance with any higher level imposed by applicable 
Norwegian legislation from time to time.  See further "Risk 
Factors 
– 
Risk 
relating 
to 
Notes 
generally 
– 
Overcollateralisation" below. 
Liquidity requirements: 
The Issuer has established a prudent liquidity reserve for the 
purpose of meeting its payment obligations in respect of interest 
and principal due and payable on the Notes issued by it from 
time to time in accordance with the requirements of the Act and 
Regulations.  See also "Overview of the Norwegian Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)" 
below. 
Listing, approval and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland to 
approve this document as a base prospectus.  Application has

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
also been made to Euronext Dublin for Ordinary Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market and to be listed on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin.  Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers in relation to 
a Series of Notes.  In particular, Notes may be listed on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange, as more particularly described on the cover 
page of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes may also be issued which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be Bearer Notes, Registered Notes or VPS Notes 
and whether such Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Ratings: 
The rating of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Moody’s is not established in the EEA and has not applied for 
registration under the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by 
Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.   
Governing Law: 
The Ordinary Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Ordinary Notes will be governed 
by and shall be construed in accordance with English law, save 
as to Condition 2(a) of such Notes which will be governed by 
and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
 
VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the VPS Notes will be governed by and shall 
be construed in accordance with English law, save as to 
Conditions 2(a), 8, 9, 10 and 11 of the VPS Conditions which 
will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Norwegian law.  
 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 
2019 no.64 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act), 
which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into 
Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and 
the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as 
amended or replaced from time to time. The holders of VPS 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations 
and liabilities which arise under the CSD Act and any related 
regulations and liabilities.

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS 
and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, other than in relation to VPS Notes, which 
are cleared through Euronext VPS.   
Delivery: 
The Notes may be settled on a delivery against payment basis or 
a delivery free of payment basis, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
Germany and Norway), the United Kingdom and Japan and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes; see 
"Subscription and Sale ". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction.  As set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes are being offered and sold in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) to 
non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions.  
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section, including, without limitation, 
successor regulations issued in accordance with IRS Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D 
Rules) or 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury 
regulation section, including, without limitation, successor 
regulations issued in accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the C Rules), unless the 
Bearer Notes are issued in circumstances in which the Bearer 
Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.  
Risk Factors:  
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
These are set out under "Risk Factors" below and include risks 
relating to the Norwegian mortgage market.

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
Diagrammatic Overview and Description of the Programme 
The information in this sub-section is an overview of the structure relating to the Programme and does not 
purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms.  Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings 
in this overview.  An index of certain defined terms used in this document is contained at the end of this Base 
Prospectus.  
 
Structure Overview 
● 
Programme: Under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Notes to the Noteholders on each 
Issue Date.  The Notes will be unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool as covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued 
in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations (both as defined below).  The Notes may 
be issued as Ordinary Notes or VPS Notes and the Ordinary Note Conditions and the VPS Conditions 
shall apply respectively to such Notes. 
● 
Cover Pool: The Cover Pool consists of mortgages secured on residential property located in Norway 
and substitute assets which mainly consist of Norwegian government T-Bills, government bonds 
and/or covered bonds from the Nordic countries and Germany.  The substitute assets are held for 
liquidity management purposes and may also include other highly rated debt securities. 
● 
Origination and Transfer of Mortgage Loans: Mortgage Loans are originated by individual banks (the 
Originators), largely from products developed by and common to the banks in the SpareBank 1 
Alliance.  Each Originator has entered into a Transfer and Servicing Agreement with the Issuer under 
the terms of which the relevant bank, from time to time, sells and transfers certain selected mortgages 
to the Issuer.  The Issuer selects the mortgages it wishes to buy based on its own credit policy and 
pursuant to the requirements of the Norwegian covered bond legislation.  Each Originator continues 
to service the mortgages transferred by it on behalf of the Issuer.  In consideration of the sale and 
servicing of the mortgages, each bank receives the initial purchase price (equal to the principal amount 
outstanding on the mortgages and accrued interest not yet paid) and also a commission equal to the 
interest and fees received from customers in respect of the mortgages transferred to the Issuer by that 
bank less the Issuer's funding costs and operating expenses.  
Originators 
SPAREBANK 1 BOLIGKREDITT AS 
Issuer 
Swap Providers
VPS Trustee 
(only in respect of VPS
Notes)
Notes
proceeds
Covered 
Bond
NOK Standard 
Variable Rate 
Mortgages 
Commission
Interest and currency 
swap payments
Purchase price
Equity capital and hybrid 
capital 
Originators 
SPAREBANK 1 BOLIGKREDITT AS 
Issuer 
Swap Providers
VPS Trustee 
(only in respect of VPS
Notes)
Notes
proceeds
Covered 
Bond
NOK Standard 
Variable Rate 
Mortgages 
Commission
Interest and currency 
swap payments
Purchase price
 
NOTEHOLDERS

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
● 
Maintenance or Increase of Transferred Loan Volumes: Under the terms of each Transfer and 
Servicing Agreement, each Originator is expected (but not required) to maintain the original level of 
the mortgages transferred by that Originator by transferring further mortgages to the Issuer from time 
to time.  Similarly, if it is deemed necessary by the Issuer that the levels of mortgages in the Cover 
Pool should be increased, the Originators may be requested to transfer such additional mortgages to 
the Issuer as notified by the Issuer.  If an Originator is unable or refuses to transfer mortgages to the 
Issuer, then the remaining Originators may be requested to transfer additional mortgages to the Issuer 
as notified by the Issuer. Subject to observation of defined prior notice periods, each Originator is 
entitled to repurchase mortgages in an amount equal to its pro rata share of maturing covered bonds 
which is based on the size of its shareholding in the Issuer on 31 December in the year preceding the 
year of issuance of the covered bonds.  For covered bonds issued prior to 31 December 2014, each 
Originator’s pro rata share of the maturing covered bond shall be based on its shareholding in the 
Issuer on 31 December 2014. 
● 
Funding from Originators to the Issuer: An Originator may, at the time of transfer of further mortgages 
to the Cover Pool pursuant to its Transfer and Servicing Agreement, be required to provide senior 
unsecured lending deemed necessary to fund any over collateralisation to obtain the desired rating for 
the Issuer. 
● 
Priority of Claims: By virtue of the priority established by the Act, in the event of the Issuer being 
placed under public administration or being liquidated, payments due to the holders of the Notes will 
be stopped if the income from the Cover Pool can no longer provide timely payments on the Notes, or 
there is a significant risk that the income from the Cover Pool will not be able to provide timely 
payments on the Notes in the future.  When such payments are stopped, the holders of the Notes and 
the relevant Swap Providers will have an exclusive, pari passu and pro rata prioritised claim over the 
Cover Pool.  The prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other claims against the Issuer, save for 
claims relating to the fees and expenses of a public administration board. 
● 
Overcollateralisation: Pursuant to the terms of the Act, the Issuer is required to ensure that the prudent 
market value of the assets in a Cover Pool shall at all times exceed the value of the covered bonds with 
a preferential claim against the Cover Pool (derivative contracts taken into account) 
(Overcollateralisation). A higher level of Overcollateralisation may be set through regulations passed 
by the Ministry of Finance under the Act.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, pursuant to the 
Regulations the Issuer is required to ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 2 
per cent. at all times.  The Issuer has also contractually agreed to provide a minimum level of 
overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool as set out in Condition 2(b) of the Ordinary Notes and 
Condition 2(b) of the VPS Notes (breach of which will have limited consequences for the Issuer).  
Such a level of contractually agreed overcollateralisation will be subject to change in accordance with 
any higher level imposed by applicable Norwegian legislation from time to time.  See further "Risk 
Factors – Risks relating to the Notes generally – Overcollateralisation" below. 
● 
Covered Bond Swaps: The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into derivatives transactions with 
various swap providers to hedge the following risks: 
(a) 
Currency risk: The Issuer will enter into Currency Swaps from time to time with Currency 
Swap Providers by executing ISDA Master Agreement(s) (including schedules, confirmations 
and, in each case, a credit support annex) in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) 
Notes issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets forming part of the Cover Pool but 
denominated in NOK; and/or 
(b) 
Interest rate risk: The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate 
swaps with Interest Rate Swap Providers by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including 
schedules, confirmations and, in each case, a credit support annex), in order to hedge the 
Issuer's interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that these have not 
already been hedged by the Currency Swap.

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consider carefully all the information contained in this document, including the 
considerations set out below, before making any investment decision. 
The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. Any investment in the Notes issued under the Programme will involve risks including those described 
in this section. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that the Issuer may face. 
Additional risks and uncertainties that the Issuer is unaware of, or that the Issuer currently deems to be 
immaterial, may also become important risk factors that affect it or the Notes. It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside of the Issuer’s control. Prospective investors should carefully 
consider the following discussion of the risk factors and the other information in this Base Prospectus before 
deciding whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations and could be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes. 
If any of the listed or unlisted risks actually occurs, the Issuer's business, operations, financial condition or 
reputation could be materially adversely affected, with the result that the trading price of the Notes of the 
Issuer could decline and an investor could lose all or part of its investment. These factors are contingencies 
that may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all 
The Issuer's lending is to a large extent made for longer durations than the Issuer's borrowings. Therefore, the 
Issuer is dependent on the ability to refinance borrowings upon maturity. Depending on overall market 
conditions, there is a risk that the Issuer will either be unable to refinance its borrowings or that it will be 
required to do so at a cost significantly higher than originally anticipated.  
If the Issuer fails to refinance any outstanding Notes on their scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer may defer 
repayment of such Notes until a later date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that an 
Extended Final Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for such Notes. In particular, recent 
instability in the Ukraine region has resulted in considerable political uncertainty. This instability and 
uncertainty, as well as financial sanctions being imposed on Russia by (amongst others) the US, the EU and 
the UK, has (amongst other things) caused increased volatility in financial markets and may cause the market 
to be more difficult to access at times. 
The Issuer is dependent on maintaining satisfactory credit rating(s) in order to be able to refinance its 
borrowings on commercially reasonable terms, as credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which 
the Issuer is able to obtain funding. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer, the Cover Pool or the 
Originators (as defined below), such as the deterioration of the residential property market in Norway or a 
downturn in the international or domestic financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, the 
Programme and/or any outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the 
Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s 
borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital 
markets, undermine confidence in (and the competitive position of) the Issuer, trigger obligations under certain

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
bilateral terms in some of the Issuer’s trading and collateralised financing contracts and/or limit the range of 
counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer. Any of these events may lead to difficulties 
for the Issuer in refinancing its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing 
certain amendments to Art. 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) (collectively, the EU Covered Bond 
Rules) require certain amendments to the Norwegian covered bonds legislation. On 17 December 2021, the 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal with the purpose of implementing these 
amendments. The EU Covered Bond Rules require national implementation by 8 July 2022, but the Covered 
Bond Directive and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 have not yet been implemented in the Agreement on the 
European Economic Area (the EEA Agreement). If the EU Covered Bond Rules have not been implemented 
in the EEA agreement as well as in Norwegian law by 8 July 2022, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be 
able to refinance its borrowings, as further elaborated below under the section titled "Regulatory 
Developments". 
The market turmoil caused by the global outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) in 2020 meant that it was 
more difficult for the Issuer to refinance its borrowings on commercial satisfactory terms for a period of time 
during 2020. Because the pandemic is still ongoing, this situation could arise again, or a similar situation could 
arise due to the same or a different type of pandemic in the future. This could also adversely impact the Issuer's 
ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
Default on mortgage loans may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
In recent years, low interest rates, low inflation, higher house prices, a favourable tax regime and increased 
disposable income for households in Norway have led to a continued strong growth in demand for real estate, 
and consequently loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. 
The growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market, has led to significant growth 
in the levels of indebtedness, which in turn has increased the potential financial vulnerability of some 
residential mortgage borrowers. A high percentage of Norwegian residential mortgage borrowers have floating 
interest rate mortgages, and are consequently exposed to the risk of interest rate increases. Currently all of the 
residential mortgages included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are subject to floating interest rates, but the Issuer 
may at any time change its credit policy to include fixed rate mortgages. Even a moderate rise in interest rates 
may lead to a significantly higher interest burden, and a material reduction of disposable income, for residential 
mortgage borrowers who have taken on high levels of debt. 
The global outbreak of COVID 19 did have an impact on the Norwegian economic performance in 2020, with 
a decline in GDP and an increase in the unemployment rate on average for 2020 and 2021. During the first 
quarter of 2022 all restrictions introduced by the government to contain the pandemic, except a few minor ones 
to protect especially vulnerable groups, have been rescinded. The vaccination rate of the Norwegian population 
is high, GDP output is at year-end 2021 above the level at year-end 2019 and unemployment below the level 
before the pandemic outbreak. There is however, still a risk that a new 'variety' may surface that does not 
respond to the current vaccine, which may again affect the borrowers ability to meet their payment obligastions 
on their mortgages, 
If the relevant interest rates rise and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable to meet 
their payment obligations on their mortgages. If the timing and payment of the mortgage loans is adversely 
affected by any of the risks described in this risk factor, then payments on the Notes could be reduced and/or 
delayed and could ultimately result in losses on the Notes. If borrowers default on their mortgage loans, 
enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to realise the value of the collateral securing these 
mortgage loans. When collateral is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation 
to pay (if disputed by the borrower) and to enable a sale by executive measures. If, in the context of an 
enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant court decision or the real estate market in 
Norway substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of 
the mortgage loan.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
Further, should the prices of real property and the housing market in Norway substantially decline, the value 
of the Issuer’s collateral for its mortgage loans will be adversely affected and may result in the Cover Pool not 
containing sufficient assets to meet all covered liabilities and/or comply with applicable balance and 
overcollateralization requirements. Any failure to recover the full amount of the Issuer’s mortgage loans could 
jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, which are backed by payments from 
the mortgage loans included in the Cover Pool. 
In addition, other geopolitical factors may have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy. In 
particular, recent instability in the Ukraine region has resulted in considerable political uncertainty. This 
instability and uncertainty, as well as financial sanctions being imposed on Russia by the US, the EU and the 
UK, has caused increased volatility in financial markets, and has added to upwards pressure on prevailing 
energy prices. The effects of the events in the Ukraine, and any further escalation of hostilities, on the 
Norwegian economy and, accordingly, the Issuer’s business is extremely difficult to predict. However, whilst 
the Issuer does not have any material direct exposure to Russia or Ukraine, there can be no assurance that such 
events or other geopolitical factors will not have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is dependent on the Originators’ competitive market position and the demand for their products  
The mortgage loans (the Mortgage Loans) originated by certain SpareBank 1 banks (which banks may also 
be shareholders of the Issuer) (the Shareholder Banks – see "Description of the Issuer's Business – 
Ownership" below) and, if so determined, also by other Norwegian banks (together, the Originators) and 
contributed to the Cover Pool represent a dynamic pool, particularly because of the high refinancing ratio in 
the Norwegian mortgage market.  
The Originators' ability to originate Mortgage Loans to transfer to the Issuer depends on the competitive market 
position of the Originators and the demand for their products. A general downturn in the Norwegian economy 
(for example due to the COVID-19 outbreak), regulatory changes affecting the residential mortgage market 
and/or interest rate rises may result in a decrease in the demand for residential property and, therefore, 
residential mortgages. A decrease in the demand for the Originators’ mortgage loans will lead to less than 
expected mortgages being transferred from the Originators to the Issuer. A significant reduction in the size of 
the mortgage portfolio will adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes and 
the value of the Cover Pool.  
Public administration of the Issuer and halt to payments from the Cover Pool may lead to Noteholders not 
receiving the full amount due on the Notes 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, timely payments shall be made on the Notes so long as the 
Cover Pool is in material compliance with the statutory requirements under the Norwegian Act on Financial 
Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og 
finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial 
Undertakings and Financial Groups (forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations). Public administration of the Issuer will not in itself be sufficient 
cause for termination or similar remedy by the Noteholders or the providers of the Swaps (the Swap 
Providers). The public administration board may take any action considered necessary to ensure that the 
holders of the Notes and the Swap Providers receive agreed and timely payment on the Notes and the Swaps, 
including selling assets in the Cover Pool and issuing new Notes and entering into new derivative instruments 
with recourse to the assets in the Cover Pool pari passu with the Noteholders. 
If it is no longer possible to make timely payments to Noteholders or Swap Providers, the public administration 
board shall set a date to halt payments. The amount of claims with a right of priority to the assets included in 
the Cover Pool will be calculated as at the date on which the halt to payments takes effect. 
To the extent that Noteholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the Cover 
Pool following a halt to payments, they will be able to prove for the balance of their claims as unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of any other

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
assets of the Issuer not included in the Cover Pool (or any other cover pool maintained by the Issuer). The 
Noteholders would in such case rank pari passu with any other holder of Covered Bonds, Swap Providers and 
the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s assets are insufficient to cover all 
unsecured, unsubordinated claims in full, Noteholders could be unable to collect the full balance of their claims 
against the Issuer. 
The Issuer is reliant on Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps 
In order to hedge its interest rate risks and currency risks, the Issuer enters into Interest Rate Swaps and 
Currency Swaps with various Swap Providers. A well-functioning derivative market is essential for the Issuer 
in order to be able to enter into such Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps on commercially attractive terms 
or at all, and any disruption in the market for such Swaps or the Issuer’s access thereto could have a negative 
effect on the Issuer’s ability to manage its interest rate risks and currency risks in an adequate fashion. Such a 
disruption could also enhance the refinancing risk for the Issuer if Issuer in such scenario would find itself 
restricted from issuing Notes in other currencies than NOK and/or with a different interest profile than the 
assets in the Cover Pool. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer 
under a Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Swap. 
The Issuer’s default under a Swap due to non-payment or otherwise will suspend the relevant Swap Provider’s 
obligation to make further payments under that Swap, and the relevant Swap Provider may on certain 
conditions terminate the relevant Swap.  
If a Swap Provider is no longer obligated to make payments under a Swap, exercises its right to terminate a 
Swap or defaults on its obligations to make payments under a Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in 
interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable). In addition, if the Swap Provider or its guarantor, as 
applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions 
contained in the relevant Swap Agreement, such Swap Agreement may be terminated by the Issuer. In any 
such scenario, the Issuer may encounter difficulties entering into a replacement Interest Rate and/or Currency 
Swap (as applicable) on commercially acceptable terms or at all.  
If a Swap is terminated due to the Swap Provider’s default, and unless a replacement Swap is entered into, the 
Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on its Notes in case of material fluctuations between 
either (i) for Interest Rate Swaps, the interest rates payable on the Cover Pool Assets and the applicable interest 
rate for the Notes, or (ii) for Currency Swaps, the currency of the Cover Pool assets and the currency of the 
Notes. 
If a Swap Provider suffers a ratings downgrade and the affected Swaps cannot be transferred to an eligible 
replacement Swap Provider, the rating of the Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
Termination payments for Swaps may reduce the value of the Cover Pool 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps or the Currency Swaps are terminated, the Issuer may as a result be obliged 
to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider. The amount of the termination payment will be 
based on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap, as the case may be. 
Any termination payment to be made by the Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank pari passu with payments due 
to the Noteholders. Consequently, if the Issuer is unable to make the termination payment to the relevant Swap 
Provider from its own funds, the Cover Pool may be used to make such termination payments which will 
reduce the value of the Cover Pool for other preferential claims, such as the Notes. 
The Issuer may not have sufficient resources to meet the demand for drawdowns under revolving mortgage 
loans 
The Issuer owns a portfolio of mortgage loans which are structured as personal revolving credit facilities for 
the borrowers, who can draw down and repay amounts at will within a set overall credit limit determined by 
the same criteria as for standard repayment loans. If the Issuer experiences a large demand for drawdowns

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
under such credit limits simultaneously, there is a risk that the Issuer may not have sufficient liquid resources 
to meet the demand. 
Operational Risks 
The Issuer’s business involves operational risks. Operational risks are defined by the Issuer as the risk of 
incurring losses, including damaged reputation, due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control 
routines or by external events that affect operations. The Issuer conducts its business subject to compliance 
risks (including the effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and voluntary codes of practice in Norway 
and other markets where the Issuer operates). There is a risk that the Issuer’s risk management strategies and 
procedures are not sufficient, which may expose the Issuer to unanticipated or unidentified risks.  
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision, 
all of which is subject to continuous development and updates. Some regulatory requirements are more general 
in nature (e.g. requiring the Issuer to maintain a ‘prudent’ level of risk) while some are more specific, such as 
minimum liquidity requirements (LCR) and capital adequacy regulations. Overall there is a trend of increasing 
regulatory scrutiny of the financial service business within which the Issuer operates. Any significant 
regulatory development or increased supervision could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its 
business, the products and services it offers and the value of its assets. Further, such changes may result in 
increased compliance costs and may affect the Issuer’s results of operations. Breach of regulatory requirements 
may cause regulatory action being taken towards the Issuer by the FSAN or other Norwegian regulators.  
The Issuer is also to various degrees dependent on functioning systems to operate its business. The potential 
failure of such systems is generally covered by business recovery plans for the Issuer and/or the third party 
provider of the system, and some financial infrastructure counterparties are deemed as crucial to the financial 
system and are thus subject to general supervision of the FSAN. 
Failure in compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules 
The Issuer’s compliance risk management systems and policies may not be fully effective in preventing all 
violations of laws, regulations and rules. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and 
sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on financial institutions and requires significant technical 
capabilities. 
Any failure by the Issuer or the Originators to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those 
relating to money laundering, bribery, financial crimes, sanctions and other inappropriate or illegal 
transactions, may lead to penalties, fines, public reprimands, damage to reputation, issuance of business 
improvement and other administrative orders, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, 
adversely affect the ability to obtain future regulatory approvals or withdrawal of authorisation to operate. 
These consequences may harm the Issuer’s reputation, resulting in loss of customer or market confidence in 
the Issuer or deterioration of its business environment, and may adversely affect its business and results of 
operations. 
Failure in compliance with data protection and privacy laws and risk of being targeted by cybercriminals 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection, 
including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. Juni 2018 nr. 38 om behandling av 
personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR)). The requirements of these laws and regulations may affect the Issuer’s ability to collect, 
process and use personal data. Enforcement of data privacy legislation has become increasingly frequent and 
could result in the Issuer being subjected to claims from its customers alleging it has infringed their privacy 
rights, and it could face administrative proceedings (including criminal proceedings) initiated by the 
Norwegian Data Protection Authority. In addition, any enquiries made, or proceedings initiated by, individuals 
or regulators may lead to negative publicity and potential liability for the Issuer and the Originators. 
Noncompliance with these standards may lead to the Issuer facing substantial fines.

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security of the Issuer’s and the 
Originator’s systems are essential to its maintaining customer confidence and ensuring compliance with data 
privacy legislation. If the Issuer, the Originators or any third party suppliers fails to transmit customer 
information and payment details online securely, or if they otherwise fail to protect customer privacy in online 
transactions, or if third parties obtain and/or reveal the Issuer’s confidential information, the Issuer and the 
Originators may lose customers and potential customers may be deterred from using the Originator’s products 
and services, which could expose the Issuer to liability and could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The statements above regarding the risks associated with the Issuer are not exhaustive.  Prospective investors 
should consider the detailed information set out in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Risk relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount upon maturity may lead to deferral of the Maturity 
Date  
Following any failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Notes on their Maturity 
Date, payment of such amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the Final Terms for a relevant 
Series of Notes (the relevant Series of Notes) provides that such Notes are subject to an extended final 
maturity date to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on 
the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the 
Maturity Date (the Extended Final Maturity Date). 
The Covered Bond Directive requires that the exercise of any extendable maturity triggers in covered bonds 
must be subject to objective triggers specified in national law, and not be at the discretion of the Credit 
Institution issuing the covered bonds. Following the implementation of the Covered Bond Directive into 
Norwegian law, any deferral of the Maturity Date will be subject to objective triggers specified in Norwegian 
law, and thus not be at the discretion of the Issuer. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Ministry of Finance 
has not yet determined the objective triggers to apply in the Norwegian legislation.  
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Final Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to Condition 4(h) of the Ordinary Note Conditions and Condition 4(e) of 
the VPS Conditions, to the extent the Issuer has sufficient monies available to make partial payment of the 
relevant Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the Issuer is required 
to make such partial payment, and the automatic deferral described above will apply only to remaining unpaid 
amounts. Pursuant to the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement (as described more fully in Description of the 
Shareholders’ Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement), the Issuer may issue Shareholder 
Notes for the purposes of funding any shortfall in funds available to pay any Final Redemption Amount. The 
proceeds of the issuance of any such Shareholder Notes would be applied on the relevant Maturity Date, 
reducing the unpaid amount to be deferred pursuant to the Ordinary Note Conditions and/or the VPS 
Conditions. 
The Issuer is not required to notify the Noteholders of an automatic deferral of the Maturity Date. The Extended 
Final Maturity Date will fall one year after the Maturity Date, and interest will continue to accrue on any 
unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and 
including) the Extended Final Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in 
respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the 
Issuer. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date and/or interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by 
the Issuer. 
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms notwithstanding that the relevant Note was a Fixed Rate Note as at its relevant Issue Date. Where 
the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may 
change as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Note’, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The relevant Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to fund existing mortgages in the 
Cover Pool and/or to acquire mortgages from the Originators, in each case which are secured over energy 
efficient residential buildings (Green Mortgage Loans and Notes issued thereunder to be Green Notes). It 
should be noted that any Green Mortgage Loans will be included in the Cover Pool along with other Mortgage 
Loans which are not Green Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, prospective investors will have a claim against the 
entire Cover Pool without having a preferential claim on the Green Mortgage Loans over and above other 
investors.   
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for investment in 
any Green Mortgage Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any Green Mortgage Loans). Furthermore, it should be noted 
that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled asset or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular asset to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing 
market consensus will not significantly change following an investment decision. For example, if a specific 
use of proceeds relating to Green Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that allocating an equivalent amount of the net proceeds to the Issuer for investment in any 
Green Mortgage Loans will meet or continue to meet on an on-going basis any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled objectives.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any external party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of the Green Notes and in particular with any Green Mortgage Loans to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that opinion or certification was initially issued and the criteria and/or 
considerations that underlie such opinion or certification provider may change at any time. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
investment in such Green Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact related to any Green Mortgage Loans. Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Green Notes in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the use of the proceeds of the 
relevant Green Notes will be, or will be capable of being, implemented in, or substantially in, such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly any proceeds of such Green Notes will be 
totally or partially allocated for the specified purposes. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute a default or enforcement event under the Green Notes or the Notes. 
The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or any such opinion or certification attesting 
that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market and/or any failure to apply the proceeds of the Green Notes in the manner 
described in the applicable Final Terms, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Green Notes, and also potentially the value of any other Green Notes intended to invest in Green Mortgage 
Loans, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may contain an optional redemption feature which would 
be likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the 
market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
likely to be available at that time. 
Risk relating to Notes generally  
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool will consist of Mortgage Loans which are secured on residential property or on title documents 
relating to residential property (Residential Mortgages), claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, 
against providers of Covered Bond Swaps and certain substitute assets. All assets in the Cover Pool must 
comply with the terms of the Act and the Regulations. In particular, the Regulations determine maximum loan 
to value ratios of Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool (at the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum 
value is 75 per cent. of the prudent market value in the case of Residential Mortgages, however, in connection 
with the implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules, the Ministry of Finance has proposed an increase to

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
80 per cent.). If the prudent market value of the residential property securing the Mortgage Loans in the Cover 
Pool were to decline, the value of the assets in the Cover Pool will be proportionally reduced and may fall 
below regulatory and contractual requirements. This may again lead to the Issuer being unable to issue further 
covered bonds. Currently, all properties over which Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool were created are located 
in Norway. The value of the Cover Pool may therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value 
of property in Norway. Investors will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage 
loans and other assets included in the Cover Pool and it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will 
change from time to time.  
Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer is obligated under the Act to ensure that the value of the assets of the Cover Pool at all times exceeds 
the value of the covered bonds with preferential claims against the Cover Pool (taking into account the effects 
of derivative contracts) (Overcollateralisation). The Ministry of Finance is authorised to pass regulations 
setting a minimum requirement. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Regulations stipulate that the Issuer 
must ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 2 per cent. at all times. 
In addition, the Issuer has contractually agreed to provide a similar minimum level of Overcollateralisation in 
the Cover Pool, as set out in Condition 2(b) of the Ordinary Notes and Condition 2(b) of the VPS Notes. Such 
a level of contractually agreed overcollateralisation will be subject to change in accordance with any higher 
overcollateralisation level imposed by applicable Norwegian legislation from time to time. The Issuer is not 
obliged to increase the Overcollateralisation percentage if any of the ratings assigned to the Notes are reduced, 
removed, suspended or placed on credit watch for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not 
commit to ensure that any specific rating of the Notes will be upheld until maturity. 
Furthermore, provided that the Issuer complies with the Act and the Regulations at all times, failure by it to 
comply with the contractually agreed level of Overcollateralisation will not in itself prevent the Issuer from 
issuing further Notes, refinancing existing Notes or acquiring new Mortgage Loans into the Cover Pool. In 
such circumstances, Noteholders may have a claim against the Issuer for breach of contract or for other specific 
relief, subject to English law generally.  
If the value of a mortgaged property declines significantly after the Residential Mortgage has been included 
in the Covered Pool, the Issuer may no longer be able to count the full value of the Mortgage Loan towards 
the 102 per cent. Overcollateralisation requirement (see below) even if the Mortgage Loan is fully performing. 
This will be a statutory breach and may lead the FSAN to bring actions to the Issuer. 
No events of default 
The Conditions do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer. Accordingly, default by the Issuer 
will not entitle Noteholders to accelerate the Notes, and Noteholders will only be paid the scheduled payments 
of interest and principal under the Notes as and when they fall due under the Conditions. 
Failure by the Issuer to meet applicable matching and overcollateralisation rules may affect the value and 
liquidity of the Notes 
The Act and the Regulations provide that holders of Covered Bonds have an exclusive and prioritised right of 
claim in the Cover Pool, on a pari passu basis between themselves and other holders of Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer and/or counterparties to derivative contracts relating to the Issuer’s Covered Bonds. The Act and 
Regulations require the value of the assets in the Cover Pool to at all times exceed the value of the claims on 
the Cover Pool. Furthermore, the Ministry of Finance is entitled under the Act to pass regulations stipulating 
how much higher the value of the Cover Pool must be compared to the value of the claims on the Cover Pool 
at any time (overcollateralisation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Section 11-7 of the Regulations 
requires the value of the assets in the Issuer’s Cover Pool to constitute a minimum of 102 per cent. of the total 
payable amount of the Issuer’s outstanding Covered Bonds having preferential claims against the Cover Pool 
(overcollateralisation). See ”Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner 
med fortrinnsrett”.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
A breach of the matching and overcollateralisation requirements prior to public administration of the Issuer in 
circumstances where no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire 
additional assets could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Covered Bonds, which may prevent 
the refinancing of existing Covered Bonds and possibly reducing the liquidity of existing Covered Bonds. 
Terms and conditions of the Notes may be changed without the consent of the Noteholders 
The Ordinary Note Conditions and the VPS Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of their 
respective Noteholders to consider matters affecting the interests of such Noteholders generally. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, 
Noteholders can be bound by the result of a vote that they voted against. 
The Ordinary Note Conditions provide that the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
prior consent or sanction of any of the Ordinary Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
● 
certain modifications in relation to the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant, which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the interests of the Ordinary 
Noteholders, as detailed within the Ordinary Note Conditions; and 
● 
any modification to the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification will be binding on the Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee may agree to amend the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders provided that: 
● 
such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any 
material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or 
● 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. 
The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such 
amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is 
unnecessary. 
Changes may be made to the terms of the Shareholders' Agreement (and each relevant Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement) and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement by agreement between the parties thereto, without 
the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the interests of Noteholders. Similarly, the Issuer may 
terminate the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement by giving one year’s notice to each of the Shareholder 
Banks and the Rating Agencies, or at any time if the Issuer enters into a replacement Shareholder Note 
Purchase Agreement on substantially the same terms. 
Issuance of Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade  
The Notes have a denomination consisting of a minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 plus additional 
higher integral multiples of €1,000 or their equivalent. Accordingly, it is possible that the Notes may be traded 
in amounts in excess of the minimum authorised denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
denomination. In such a case, if definitive Notes are required to be issued, a Noteholder who holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum authorised denomination at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding and may need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to the minimum authorised denomination (or another relevant denomination amount).

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
If definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum authorised denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Regulatory Developments 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through 
increased regulation of financial institutions and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions. This has 
resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation and which 
may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or on the 
incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
Investors in the Notes and/or the VPS Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and 
none of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation to any prospective investor or 
purchaser of the Notes and/or VPS Notes regarding the treatment of their investment on the date of purchase 
or at any time in the future. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved a 
series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being 
referred to by the BCBS as Basel III). Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential 
rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for 
global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio "backstop" for financial institutions and 
certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable 
Funding Ratio (NSFR)). BCBS member countries agreed to implement the initial phase of the Basel III 
reforms from 1 January 2013 and the second phase from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in 
arrangements for certain requirements up to January 2027. In response to the COVID-19 crisis, the Basel 
Committee decided to postpone the implementation deadline by one year to 1 January 2023, followed by a 
five-year phasing-in period of certain elements of the reform. As implementation of Basel III requires national 
legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment 
of covered bonds, may be subject to some level of national variation. It should also be noted that changes to 
regulatory capital requirements have been made for insurance and reinsurance undertakings through 
participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework for Europe. 
It is uncertain whether the EU Covered Bond Rules will be implemented in the Norwegian legislation by 8 
July 2022. Firstly, certain regulations which are needed to complete the Norwegian implementation of the EU 
Covered Bond Rules are still outstanding. Secondly, the EU Covered Bond Rules are not yet implemented in 
the EEA Agreement. If the EU Covered Bond Rules are not adapted in Norway simultaneously as the rest of 
the EU, it may be difficult for Norwegian covered bond issuers such as the Issuer to issue covered bonds after 
8 July 2022.  
On 17 December 2021, the Ministry of Finance published a legislative proposal on the implementation of the 
new the EU Covered Bond Rules. The legislative proposal is based on a consultative paper published by the 
FSAN on 13 January 2020, and is intended to take effect no later than 8 July 2022. Implementation of the new 
EU Covered Bonds Rules will impose new requirements on the Issuer such as, inter alia, new a liquidity buffer 
requirement of 180 days and objective requirements for exercise of extendable maturity (aka ‘soft bullet’) 
rights by the Issuer. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Ministry of Finance has not yet determined the 
objective triggers to apply in the Norwegian legislation. The FSAN has published a proposal of objective 
triggers, which was submitted to a hearing by the Ministry of Finance, with a deadline for comments of 20 
May 2022. 
Currently, Norwegian covered bonds comply with CRR and therefore qualify for a 10 per cent. risk weighting 
in eligible European jurisdictions. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory 
developments described above will impact the treatment of the Notes. In particular, should the Norwegian 
implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules not take effect by 8 July 2022, any Notes issued thereafter 
may not comply with the EU Covered Bond Rules, until such time when the implementation takes effect. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above (and any 
corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes and/or VPS Notes. No 
predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
In addition, Title VII of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted 
21 July 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act), established a comprehensive new U.S. regulatory regime for a broad 
range of derivatives contracts (collectively referred to in this risk factor as "covered swaps"). Among other 
things, Title VII provides the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC) with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over many different types of 
derivatives that are currently traded over-the-counter, requires the establishment of a comprehensive 
registration and regulatory framework applicable to covered swap dealers and other major market participants, 
requires many types of covered swaps to be executed on a platform (e.g. exchange, contract market, security-
based swap execution facility or swap execution facility) and centrally cleared, and contemplates the 
imposition of capital requirements and margin requirements for uncleared transactions in covered swaps. 
Many of the key regulations implementing Title VII have recently become effective or are in final form. 
However, in some instances the interpretation and potential impact of these regulations are not yet entirely 
clear. Additionally, not all of the regulations, particularly with respect to security-based swaps, have been 
finalised and made effective. Due to this uncertainty, a complete assessment of the exact effects of Title VII 
cannot be made at this time. 
In particular, the Swaps contemplated under the Programme may include agreements that are regulated as 
covered swaps under Title VII, each of which may be subject to new or revised clearing, execution, capital, 
margin posting, reporting and recordkeeping requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act that could result in 
additional regulatory burdens, costs and expenses (including extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of the 
Issuer). Such requirements may disrupt the Issuer and its affiliates' ability to hedge their exposure to various 
transactions, including any obligations they may owe to investors under the Notes, and may materially and 
adversely impact a transaction's value or the value of the Notes. While the Dodd-Frank Act provides for the 
grandfathering of certain swaps, such grandfathering may not apply to the transactions entered into by the 
Issuer or may only apply to certain transactions. Additionally, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how these 
regulatory developments will impact the treatment of the Notes.  
Prior to the effective date of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Swaps were over-the-counter contracts that were not 
required by U.S. regulators to be cleared or executed on a platform. The Notes allow the Issuer to call and/or 
terminate them in certain circumstances (such a circumstance, a Reg Out), including but not limited to a 
change in law or regulation that (1) creates a materially increased cost to enter into, maintain or hedge any 
issuance of Notes, such as increased margin requirements, or (2) makes such maintenance or hedging 
impossible or impracticable. Any such Reg Out could result in an investor's Notes decreasing significantly in 
value at a time that is disadvantageous to the Noteholder. If the Issuer chooses not to exercise the Reg Out and 
complies with relevant Title VII provisions, there will also be increased costs, which could result in an 
investor's Notes decreasing significantly in value at a time that is disadvantageous to the Noteholder. 
Given that the full scope and consequences of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules still to be 
adopted thereunder are not yet known, investors are urged to consult their own advisers regarding the 
suitability of an investment in any Notes. 
Additionally, to the extent any particular series contains a Reg Out, investors must carefully consider what the 
consequences of its exercise might be and make their own determinations in consultation with their advisers 
regarding an investment in any Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of the Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, 
CITA, EONIA, STIBOR, SARON and SONIA) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Separately, in 2018, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK was established to 
assess the consequences of a potential discontinuation of NIBOR and recommending an alternative reference 
rate. In September 2019, the working group recommended a reformed version of NOWA (Norwegian 
Overnight Weighted Average) (which as of 1 January 2020 has been administrered by the Central Bank of 
Norway, Norges Bank) as the alternative reference rate for NIBOR. The working group continued its work 
through 2020 by establishing two subgroups comprising a group for market standards and fallback provisions 
and a group for exploring the establishment of an Overnight Index Swap (OIS) market in NOK. In 2020, the 
working group published a consultation paper on fall back provisions and term and spread adjustments between 
NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR. In December 2021, the working group published a 
guide on using NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. 
These reforms and other pressures may cause one or more interest rate benchmarks to disappear entirely, to 
perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), create disincentives 
for market participants to continue to administer or participate in certain benchmarks or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop and 
apply as between the Notes and/or the Swap Agreements due to applicable fall-back provisions or other matters 
and the effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet 
its payment obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes referencing a benchmark. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified to be “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, 
including if an Original Reference Rate or other relevant reference rate and/or any page on which an Original 
Reference Rate or other relevant reference rate may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference 
to such an Original Reference Rate under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as more fully described at Condition 3(d). It is 
possible that the use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including any adjustment spread may still result 
in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or 
intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of 
Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified to be “Not Applicable” in the Final Terms, investors should be aware 
that, if an Original Reference Rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate of Interest on Notes 
which reference the Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the Original Reference Rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) the application of 
a backward-looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas the Original Reference Rate is expressed on the basis of 
a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes as mentioned above. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference the Original Reference 
Rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SARON as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for 
such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SARON, the Rate of Interest will be determined on 
the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON Compounded (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes). In each case such rate will differ from London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) in a number of 
material respects, including (without limitation) that a compounded daily rate or weighted average rate is a 
backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking 
term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, 
SONIA and SARON may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the 
Programme described in this Base Prospectus. The use of Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
Compounded as a reference rate for Eurobonds is subject to change and development, both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON Compounded. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON 
Compounded should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SARON as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. For example, in the 
context of backwards-looking SONIA rates, market participants and relevant working groups are currently 
assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates and observation 
methodologies for SONIA (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’, and ‘lock-out’ methodologies), and such groups 
are also exploring forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA may also see 
component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another reference rate 
to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SARON that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as applicable to Notes referencing a 
SONIA or SARON rate that are issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA or SARON that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous SONIA or SARON referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent 
development of Compounded Daily SONIA or or SARON Compounded as an interest reference rate for the 
Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA or SARON based rates for such market and 
the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or 
could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA or SARON referenced Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SONIA or SARON is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or SARON Compounded become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such 
Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SARON reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SARON in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA or SARON reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes referencing any such rate. 
To the extent the SONIA or SARON reference rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate 
the Interest Rate on the Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in the Terms and 
Conditions (Fallbacks). Any of these Fallbacks may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Notes if the SONIA or 
SARON reference rate had been so published in its current form. In addition, use of the may result in the 
effective application  of a fixed rate of interest to the Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION  
For details of the financial information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below. 
An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer only and not that of any 
other SpareBank 1 Alliance (as defined below) entity or any other entities. The Notes will not be obligations 
of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Shareholder Banks, the Originators, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap 
Providers, any company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction 
documents relating to the Programme.  No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay 
any amount due under the Notes will be accepted by any of the Shareholder Banks, the Originators, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap Providers, any company in the same group of companies as such entities or 
any other party to the transaction documents relating to the Programme. 
The Issuer will pay the principal amount and interest of the Notes in the Specified Currency. An investor's 
financial activities may be denominated principally in a currency or a currency unit other than the Specified 
Currency (the Investor's Currency). Exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars and U.S.$ and $ and USD are to United States dollars, all 
references to NOK are to Norwegian kroner and all references to yen are to Japanese yen.  In addition, all 
references to Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling and to euro and € refer to euro.   
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "Norway" are to the Kingdom of Norway and references to the 
"Government" are to the Norwegian government. 
This Base Prospectus includes certain statistics and market share data.  The Issuer believes that the statistics 
and market share data included in this Base Prospectus are useful in helping you understand the markets in 
which they operate.  However, unless indicated otherwise, these figures are based on internal calculations and 
estimates of market data and have not been independently verified. Accordingly, no assurances can be given 
that such internal calculations and estimates of market data are accurate, and investors should not place undue 
reliance on such data included in this Base Prospectus. Where information has been sourced from a third party, 
the Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own analysis of the Issuer, the terms of the 
Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Issuer 
make any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any 
applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements.  Examples of such forward-looking statements 
include, but are not limited to: (i) projections or expectations of net interest income, total income, profit, 
earnings per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items or ratios; (ii) 
statements of any plans, objectives or goals or those of management for future operations, including those 
related to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of 
assumptions underlying such statements, including assumptions relating to general economic conditions in 
Norway, in Europe and worldwide.  Words such as "believes", "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "aims", and 
"plans" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive 
means of identifying such statements. 
Any forward-looking statements herein have been based on current expectations and projections about 
uncertain future events.  Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about 
the Issuer.  Although it is believed that the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed 
in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors should bear in mind that a number of important 
factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and 
intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements, including assumptions relating to general economic 
conditions in Norway, in Europe and worldwide.  These factors include those set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and risks the Issuer currently is not aware of, as well as more generally: 
● 
the ability to assess and manage credit risks; 
● 
inflation, interest rates, exchange rates, and market and monetary fluctuations; 
● 
changes in consumer spending, saving and borrowing habits in Norway and in other regions in which the 
Issuer operates; 
● 
changes in the banking and financial markets in Norway; 
● 
the prices and volumes in the debt and equity markets in Norway; 
● 
liquidity risks and access to financial markets; 
● 
the effects of changes in taxation or accounting standards or practices; 
● 
the effects of, and changes in, laws, regulations and government policy; and 
● 
the success at managing the risks of the foregoing. 
It should be noted that the foregoing list of important factors is not exhaustive.  Investors and others should 
carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events when making an investment 
decision based on any forward-looking statement.  In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the 
forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus may not occur. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a higher level than that which might otherwise prevail.  However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws or rules.

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
● 
The section "Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes" from the following base prospectuses 
relating to the Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
Base Prospectus dated 14 August 2008 (pages 46-73 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=BajIwakRuKjsoq1To/hgdVGuzjtlgeonAoMv6Aa+Tjl5zUSI242WP7
TiyOtVWThDIfJHJeYv5oe5wkD8JBqE6I6gJw+o4mg2DJ8t0M16GEkv2ckFWgVyBR/xyR+
CKzw3SzkY5D1QsU8mTfxJeWxeErcPF+Gt9AtJhREPsWR47bU=); 
(b) 
Base Prospectus dated 27 August 2009 (pages 47-74 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=/C/C+v3hf52J+KOTaDg+fWoVMaIz8RoXI5hM08wSZWh9U5hnq
RUD6FQRzYf8K85irKL6hLXglbA8TMB55K9Q2cZrEcdoXUkaKf3zUh/k3qCLTMwdNHV
gI4UN6hE8ncthV6EsGG9ezz9hgOor6yBxVKIpEfnl6CZlHu9t4EdfotE=); 
(c) 
Base Prospectus dated 18 October 2010 (pages 149-173 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=AtHIB5ZOf4CHR2f5kTizNrtMUU0uiez0VxoNZVzRH8vC1dss8L7
UBFSHxUkY7pACUO1Z/WvTjUQ5T1iN2TxIsFBan0yvxpObXd952UhaCMAB/C/o4aBIyN
9+mCQUmr5DuFsTyEhKFIH9CxVpRlCZIO+9khgaw7jx0EHDIfey0Kg=); 
(d) 
Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2011 (pages 172-198 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=iVJ8MGdhydonDCYENfld5PV3GrfEOHx8AUz0GopnB6oH+nlc8i2
jucVeJ92MHYTFqnpjHyEf2etpYBRD3Lysziwexx9Em2yFec1Nen6Q0SBJzaYvem1jyWABn
eE7QUafMLLoPV0v6hl2vqmLUIwdnwVnJcSU45H6z/OeDpp0jCk=); 
(e) 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2012 (pages 157-183 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=RzmAgPNDRzU6s0JayJdhVV4/PqP2zdx2psgHh/GLrtZxEYmTTyic
VRYse9sYyD3c+5OjPTT4sC7SH0ON02o+Tdfmze0szyCKs94zk+Pb7yCgJhwLWggpfoAzfx
CdKN7o1LiPCJ9T6zMwyIRz6CJFx3IAQQEFPVb0hp8NzAP14CQ=); 
(f) 
Base Prospectus dated 16 April 2013 (pages 158-184 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=OOeam4e9ypjRSAgAnpeFvnZijvYXHwBqebMtIrTDxQFuIEWmts
EVkT9BMkeHj0WHm7rYHMJD2MWnFR9lqA+0q+wQTkRjIJlAyVkExOrNBDa2xcZtWFc
494q89JcouZrz8vbrrDrTuhtFfDl1JHoU3jFihLaWKcA7lE0/WyCYGP0=);  
(g) 
Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2014 (pages 161-188 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=9yBauB+mv9VwlqPEJNLZ1gASXiuvi51ofuFaLuaHBLiTlvsYUZG
RoKZOBi4HhSAMX8LWDE4yeQ4uCcVHtQlnA/UGw+TauzbMjR5zVOicB5UyyWlE9Xt7
QEZaTP46vzOhhj20NWi6ZPNOj09XRHy09GGkMFNMylAjs083KCeU4V8=);  
(h) 
Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2015 (pages 166-193 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=np8jrkpGKlrRgDI+CYIPOksOD/2VQRVfOjngtQfzIGwscGKZvYh3
IOMJ94dNkVOb0iBe4q1ayQD1vd/eJMzah+6iA9fNHqfSTnM531mo264cibvP+GjkyBwc1K
Y5gGLqoYBcmBlXnsXvMYs7V+8OIX6iRt5sB/vWTwlVDxB0qx0=); 
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2016 (pages 163-190 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=e6xoOj1kqS7JewvrefQKH8mpN8PfMJNpFYkEHqz5H7rZJqtSSHb
4wSyfm0TLQpuUhoi+OIR6P8rAMBc3mrhh9yPLbjPGyWiHkZ6uPY3tajSgMPx3CsJ1vxcF
NWoIhCq63N6NOcxJi7plyQQDcQaVXQZABQxFrBS6PPG0yk2Ypls=);

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
(j) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2017 (pages 164-191 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=J/brwmfQX0u6RtX1vmY2am+EZ2B3qUuH5Xufqy1ARoidGCs3ag
5YJGx4lhYnvzm9WjVjF4PwVhqiiw0gVo+lRrb5k4O6nvplh/2SqKszAz0U3LoQuKEJHbq34
FUTu2Ipz9dx9yIlZydBIXKpR9lEp2/6l61XNSvBuzHOqV2G0yw=);  
(k) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2018 (pages 167-194 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=tp0fGIS2gzFxqt10Ai1g80fPrQRIHRlOl3DSfW38lNJ9B7nNil7rmPd
q3E+ZDFdb+lh2hNiIKsH/30k5kkgmH+gtPg9bfYf9gx5d7Qj/PaVCrDxDdFGxJ51GdaQortSj
8eIOYEmRDCMYdI4uLcpPm405JW4HHfAt9cnSuy0+O00=);  
(l) 
Base Prospectus dated 10 April 2019 (pages 159-192 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=iVJ8MGdhydonDCYENfld5BJvM/SEeDFcnverWlDakkgZXXOTdQ
IzvfkHJys0jMXBQj6EMNBv5SPxtgkqVkEBdsGi/Skp9KpJ3RsIgBK7XD6JEVM96WJFk8M
VvEmvGUWPNVhg5/SW5iOkQmf/X4fYE1FxQHoESjsA+N/Ad0G3ZZk=); and 
(m) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2020 (pages 147-180 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_824caac8-8ddb-4cf7-a4dd-5d8e60d786b2.PDF; 
and 
(n) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2021 (pages 150-183 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://f.hubspotusercontent00.net/hubfs/7409757/SpaBol%20-
%202021%20CB%20Base%20Prospectus%20(FINAL).pdf.  
● 
The section "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" from the following base prospectuses relating 
to the Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
Base Prospectus dated 30 August 2007 (pages 64-81 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=CUFpHb6Fd0Ztoe3KY4jdt5KRDvF6cEq1s/FiLI5XH/v57iLc9HWgI
DXkfZ2A2z7wa2Qm80jvt9Iw/KqQtbbzR37MzjojzJIgnWyMp2pFiW99P6ut5mmQegOzVB5
a3XhbbPxQI+xkuSAPI9/OqRZladLmXZHuBGu5RduvF9YdCF4=); 
(b) 
Base Prospectus dated 14 August 2008 (pages 74-94 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=BajIwakRuKjsoq1To/hgdVGuzjtlgeonAoMv6Aa+Tjl5zUSI242WP7
TiyOtVWThDIfJHJeYv5oe5wkD8JBqE6I6gJw+o4mg2DJ8t0M16GEkv2ckFWgVyBR/xyR+
CKzw3SzkY5D1QsU8mTfxJeWxeErcPF+Gt9AtJhREPsWR47bU=); 
(c) 
Base Prospectus dated 27 August 2009 (pages 75-95 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=/C/C+v3hf52J+KOTaDg+fWoVMaIz8RoXI5hM08wSZWh9U5hnq
RUD6FQRzYf8K85irKL6hLXglbA8TMB55K9Q2cZrEcdoXUkaKf3zUh/k3qCLTMwdNHV
gI4UN6hE8ncthV6EsGG9ezz9hgOor6yBxVKIpEfnl6CZlHu9t4EdfotE=); 
(d) 
Base Prospectus dated 18 October 2010 (pages 174-191 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=AtHIB5ZOf4CHR2f5kTizNrtMUU0uiez0VxoNZVzRH8vC1dss8L7
UBFSHxUkY7pACUO1Z/WvTjUQ5T1iN2TxIsFBan0yvxpObXd952UhaCMAB/C/o4aBIyN
9+mCQUmr5DuFsTyEhKFIH9CxVpRlCZIO+9khgaw7jx0EHDIfey0Kg=); 
(e) 
Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2011 (pages 199-218 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=iVJ8MGdhydonDCYENfld5PV3GrfEOHx8AUz0GopnB6oH+nlc8i2
jucVeJ92MHYTFqnpjHyEf2etpYBRD3Lysziwexx9Em2yFec1Nen6Q0SBJzaYvem1jyWABn
eE7QUafMLLoPV0v6hl2vqmLUIwdnwVnJcSU45H6z/OeDpp0jCk=); 
(f) 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2012 (pages 184-203 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=RzmAgPNDRzU6s0JayJdhVV4/PqP2zdx2psgHh/GLrtZxEYmTTyic

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
VRYse9sYyD3c+5OjPTT4sC7SH0ON02o+Tdfmze0szyCKs94zk+Pb7yCgJhwLWggpfoAzfx
CdKN7o1LiPCJ9T6zMwyIRz6CJFx3IAQQEFPVb0hp8NzAP14CQ=);  
(g) 
Base Prospectus dated 16 April 2013 (pages 185-204 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=OOeam4e9ypjRSAgAnpeFvnZijvYXHwBqebMtIrTDxQFuIEWmts
EVkT9BMkeHj0WHm7rYHMJD2MWnFR9lqA+0q+wQTkRjIJlAyVkExOrNBDa2xcZtWFc
494q89JcouZrz8vbrrDrTuhtFfDl1JHoU3jFihLaWKcA7lE0/WyCYGP0=);  
(h) 
Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2014 (pages 189-209 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=9yBauB+mv9VwlqPEJNLZ1gASXiuvi51ofuFaLuaHBLiTlvsYUZG
RoKZOBi4HhSAMX8LWDE4yeQ4uCcVHtQlnA/UGw+TauzbMjR5zVOicB5UyyWlE9Xt7
QEZaTP46vzOhhj20NWi6ZPNOj09XRHy09GGkMFNMylAjs083KCeU4V8=);  
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2015 (pages 194-214 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=np8jrkpGKlrRgDI+CYIPOksOD/2VQRVfOjngtQfzIGwscGKZvYh3
IOMJ94dNkVOb0iBe4q1ayQD1vd/eJMzah+6iA9fNHqfSTnM531mo264cibvP+GjkyBwc1K
Y5gGLqoYBcmBlXnsXvMYs7V+8OIX6iRt5sB/vWTwlVDxB0qx0=); 
(j) 
Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2016 (pages 191-212 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=e6xoOj1kqS7JewvrefQKH8mpN8PfMJNpFYkEHqz5H7rZJqtSSHb
4wSyfm0TLQpuUhoi+OIR6P8rAMBc3mrhh9yPLbjPGyWiHkZ6uPY3tajSgMPx3CsJ1vxcF
NWoIhCq63N6NOcxJi7plyQQDcQaVXQZABQxFrBS6PPG0yk2Ypls=); 
(k) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2017 (pages 192-213 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=J/brwmfQX0u6RtX1vmY2am+EZ2B3qUuH5Xufqy1ARoidGCs3ag
5YJGx4lhYnvzm9WjVjF4PwVhqiiw0gVo+lRrb5k4O6nvplh/2SqKszAz0U3LoQuKEJHbq34
FUTu2Ipz9dx9yIlZydBIXKpR9lEp2/6l61XNSvBuzHOqV2G0yw=);  
(l) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2018 (pages 195-216 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=tp0fGIS2gzFxqt10Ai1g80fPrQRIHRlOl3DSfW38lNJ9B7nNil7rmPd
q3E+ZDFdb+lh2hNiIKsH/30k5kkgmH+gtPg9bfYf9gx5d7Qj/PaVCrDxDdFGxJ51GdaQortSj
8eIOYEmRDCMYdI4uLcpPm405JW4HHfAt9cnSuy0+O00=);  
(m) 
Base Prospectus dated 10 April 2019 (pages 193-219 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=iVJ8MGdhydonDCYENfld5BJvM/SEeDFcnverWlDakkgZXXOTdQ
IzvfkHJys0jMXBQj6EMNBv5SPxtgkqVkEBdsGi/Skp9KpJ3RsIgBK7XD6JEVM96WJFk8M
VvEmvGUWPNVhg5/SW5iOkQmf/X4fYE1FxQHoESjsA+N/Ad0G3ZZk=);  
(n) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2020 (pages 181-207 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_824caac8-8ddb-4cf7-a4dd-5d8e60d786b2.PDF; 
and 
(o) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 April 2021 (pages 184-210 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://f.hubspotusercontent00.net/hubfs/7409757/SpaBol%20-
%202021%20CB%20Base%20Prospectus%20(FINAL).pdf . 
● 
The audited annual financial statements for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 
approved by the Board of Directors on 11 February 2022, set out in SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS – 
2021 Annual Report (the 2021 Annual Report) (which can be viewed online at 
https://spabol.sparebank1.no/hubfs/pdf/Spabol%20Annual%20Rapport%202021.pdf?hsLang=en), 
including the information set out at the following pages: 
Income Statement ............................................................ 
Page 22 
Balance Sheet ................................................................... 
Page 24

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity ..................................... 
Page 25 
Cash Flow Statement....................................................... 
Page 26 
Auditor's Report .............................................................. 
Pages 29-34 
Notes to the Accounts ...................................................... 
Pages 35-73 
● 
The audited annual financial statements for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 
approved by the Board of Directors on 9 February 2021, set out in SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS – 
2020 Annual Report (the 2020 Annual Report) (which can be viewed online at 
https://f.hubspotusercontent00.net/hubfs/7409757/Spabol%20Annual%20Rapport%202020%20-
%20EN.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages: 
Income Statement ............................................................ 
Page 21 
Balance Sheet ................................................................... 
Page 22 
Statement of Changes in Equity ..................................... 
Page 23 
Cash Flow Statement....................................................... 
Page 24 
Auditor's Report .............................................................. 
Pages 27-31 
Notes to the Accounts ...................................................... 
Pages 35-72 
● 
The audited annual financial statements for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 
approved by the Board of Directors on 4 February 2020, set out in SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS – 
2019 Annual Report (the 2019 Annual Report) (which can be viewed online at 
https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/7409757/img/reports/pdf/Spabol_Annual_Rapport_2019.pdf), 
including the information set out at the following pages: 
Income Statement ............................................................ 
Page 22 
Balance Sheet ................................................................... 
Page 23 
Statement of Changes in Equity ..................................... 
Page 24 
Cash Flow Statement....................................................... 
Page 25 
Auditor's Report .............................................................. 
Pages 28-32 
Notes to the Accounts ...................................................... 
Pages 36-72 
Copies of the quarterly investor reports published by the Issuer (the Investor Report) can be found at 
http://www.spabol.no/.  The Issuer's website and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference lists above is 
considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information required by the 
relevant annexes of the Delegated Regulation. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes 
(including any such new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information in respect of 
the Shareholder Banks), prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
● 
Ownership: The Issuer is a separate legal entity wholly owned by the Shareholder Banks whose 
identity and respective shareholdings may vary from time to time.  The Shareholder Banks form part 
of the SpareBank 1 Alliance.  The Issuer is not itself part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance.   
● 
Current Ownership as at the date of this Base Prospectus is: 
 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
23,15 % 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
20,94 % 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
15,92 % 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
12,91 % 
BN Bank 
7,20 % 
SpareBank 1 Østfold Akershus 
4,97 % 
SpareBank 1 Ringerike Hadeland 
4,87 % 
SpareBank 1 Nordmøre 
2,68 % 
SpareBank 1 Helgeland 
2,05 % 
SpareBank 1 Søre Sunnmøre 
1,59 % 
SpareBank 1 Gudbrandsdal 
1,59 % 
SpareBank 1 Hallingdal Valdres 
1,27 % 
SpareBank 1 Lom og Skjåk 
0,86 % 
 
● 
Change in Ownership: The ownership share in the Issuer is reviewed at least once a year to reflect 
each Shareholder Bank's share of the total volume of Mortgage Loans transferred by the Shareholder 
Banks. 
 
Shareholders 
SPAREBANK 1 BOLIGKREDITT AS 
 
Issuer 
Share of ownership revised annually

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDER BANKS 
 
● 
Obligations of the Shareholder Banks: The Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note 
Purchase Agreement requires each Shareholder Bank to provide the following financial support to the 
Issuer: 
(a) 
Shareholders' Agreement: The Shareholder Banks are obliged to ensure that at all times the 
Issuer shall maintain a Core Tier 1 ratio according to any regulation or binding supervisory 
decision by Norwegian Authorities (including any buffer requirements and Pillar 2 
requirements – see "Description of the Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note 
Purchase Agreement – Shareholders' Agreement"). The obligation of the Shareholder Banks 
to contribute towards the Core Tier 1 capital where required is several and not joint and is 
limited on a pro rata basis according to the percentage each Shareholder Bank holds in the 
Issuer.  Where a Shareholder Bank fails to contribute the Core Tier 1 capital required of it 
following a request from the Issuer, then the other Shareholder Banks will (subject to the cap 
on liability described in the following sentence) be jointly and severally liable to contribute 
such further additional capital as is required to ensure that the Issuer has the required Core 
Tier 1 capital ratio.  The obligation of the other Shareholder Banks to pay additional capital 
shall be limited to an amount equivalent to twice the initial obligation of each Shareholder 
Bank; and 
(b) 
Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement: In order to meet any maturity payments due on the 
Notes and/or any related Swap in any rolling 12 month period, the Issuer may from time to 
time issue certain Shareholder Notes (being VPS Notes) and the Shareholder Banks agree to 
subscribe for such Shareholder Notes.  The obligation of each Shareholder Bank to subscribe 
for Shareholder Notes is several and is limited on a pro rata basis according to the percentage 
shareholding in the Issuer of each Shareholder Bank, after taking into account the liquidity 
position of the Issuer and after deducting the aggregate amount of all Shareholder Notes in 
issue and not previously redeemed or repaid by the Issuer.  In the event that a Shareholder 
Bank fails to purchase its share of Shareholder Notes, the remaining Shareholder Banks shall 
purchase such Shareholder Notes on a pro rata basis, provided that, no Shareholder Bank will 
be obliged to purchase such Shareholder Notes in an amount greater than twice their initial 
purchase obligation.  Shareholder Banks are able to utilise such Shareholder Notes as 
collateral for funding from the Norwegian Central Bank. 
Shareholder Banks 
(Shareholders' Agreement) 
Shareholder Banks 
(Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement) 
SPAREBANK 1 BOLIGKREDITT 
AS Issuer 
SPAREBANK 1 BOLIGKREDITT 
AS Issuer 
Tier 1 Capital 
Contributions 
Issuer Shares 
issued to 
Shareholder 
Banks 
Shareholder 
Notes 
Subscription 
Price 
Shareholder 
Notes (VPS) 
issued to 
Shareholder 
Banks

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
● 
Further Information: For a more detailed description of the transactions summarised above relating to 
the Notes see, among other relevant sections of this Base Prospectus, "General Description of the 
Programme" above and "Description of the Issuer's Business", "Description of the Shareholders' 
Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement", "Overview of the Norwegian Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)", "Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary 
Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" and "Overview of the Swap Agreements" below.

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
40 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS 
The Issuer was incorporated on 18 August 2005 for an unlimited period as a private limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Norway and registered with The Register of Business Enterprises on 12 October 
2005 under registration number 988 738 387.  The registered office of the Issuer is Børehaugen 1, 4006 
Stavanger, Norway (telephone number: +47 905 47 432).  The Issuer is a mortgage credit institution licensed 
by the FSAN. 
On 29 May 2007, the Issuer's articles of association were amended by a general meeting and later approved 
by the FSAN to enable the Issuer to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Act.  See "Overview of the 
Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)" below.  The Issuer 
operates in accordance with Norway's covered bond legislation and this requires that its business is restricted 
to holding residential and commercial mortgages, public loans and other assets (such as cash and highly rated 
debt securities up to a limit of 20 per cent. of the value of total assets) and that it finances the purchase of such 
activities and assets predominantly by the issuance of covered bonds.  The Issuer does not hold any commercial 
mortgages and limits its portfolio of public sector and covered bonds for purposes of maintaining liquid assets.  
This narrow mandate regarding the Issuer's activity is referred to as a "special banking principle".  The Issuer 
is regulated like a bank, with the distinction that the Issuer does not hold a regular banking licence, and thus 
cannot hold any customer deposits. 
Strategy 
The Issuer's mission is to deliver stable and diversified financing to the Shareholder Banks on terms that are 
competitive compared to other wholesale funding available to the Shareholder Banks.  The Issuer provides the 
Shareholder Banks access to the international capital markets in a cost-efficient manner.  As at 31 December 
2021, the Issuer's aggregate amount of outstanding Notes was approximately the equivalent of NOK 238 
billion. 
Share Capital and other Subordinated Capital 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a total equity of NOK 12,419 million comprising share capital 
of NOK 7,797 million, additional paid-in equity of NOK 3,901 million and hybrid, perpetual, callable, 
Tier 1 capital instrument (reclassified from loan to equity for accounting purposes only from 1 January 
2017) of NOK 900 million.  The sum of other equity and interest on hybrid capital was a total of negative 
253 million. 
There are also 4 as a subordinated loans (Tier 2) with a total volume of 1,425 million, due from 2028 to 
2030, with a call option at 5 years prior to final maturity. 
Ownership 
The Issuer is a separate legal entity wholly owned by the Shareholder Banks, whose identity and 
respective shareholdings may vary from time to time and is not itself part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance.  
The ownership share in the Issuer is reviewed at least once a year in accordance with the 
Shareholders' Agreement according to the volume of mortgages transferred by the Shareholder Banks.   
The shareholdings in the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Shareholder 
Shareholding in Issuer 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
23,15 % 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
20,94 % 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
15,92 % 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
12,91 %

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
BN Bank 
7,20 % 
SpareBank 1 Østfold Akershus 
4,97 % 
SpareBank 1 Ringerike Hadeland 
4,87 % 
SpareBank 1 Nordmøre 
2,68 % 
SpareBank 1 Helgeland 
2,05 % 
SpareBank 1 Søre Sunnmøre 
1,59 % 
SpareBank 1 Gudbrandsdal 
1,59 % 
SpareBank 1 Hallingdal Valdres 
1,27 % 
SpareBank 1 Lom og Skjåk 
0,86 % 
Total 
100% 
Core Tier 1 Capital and Maturity Payments 
The Shareholder Banks are obliged to ensure that at all times the Issuer shall maintain a Core Tier 1 ratio 
according to any regulation or binding supervisory decision by Norwegian Authorities (including any buffer 
requirements and Pillar 2 requirements)  For further details see "Description of the Shareholders' Agreement 
and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement – Shareholders' Agreement" below. 
In certain circumstances, the Shareholder Banks will also be obliged to purchase new covered bonds issued by 
the Issuer in order to meet maturity payments due on the Notes by the Issuer.  For further details see 
"Description of the Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement – Shareholder 
Note Purchase Agreement" below. 
Goals and Objectives 
The Shareholder Banks' goal for the Issuer is to attain stable, long term and favourable funding.  The 
establishment of the Issuer is a joint effort by the Shareholder Banks to exploit economies of scale, which 
extends to both domestic and international funding via covered bond issuances. 
The Issuer's objective is to acquire or purchase residential mortgages, and to finance these lending operations 
mainly by issuing covered bonds.  This involves arranging the purchase and transfer of mortgages from the 
Originators and the marketing of the covered bonds to investors.  The purpose of this arrangement is to provide 
funding for the Originators. 
Employees 
The Issuer has seven employees, mainly focused on investor relations, risk management, investment of the 
liquidity portfolio, legal support, IT maintenance and development, and communication with the Originators 
and the Shareholder Banks.   
The business purchases a significant amount of its support functions from SpareBank 1 SMN, such as 
accounting, human resources, IT and finance related back-office functions.   
Origination and Transfer of the mortgage loans

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
For details of the origination and underwriting procedures in respect of the mortgage loans transferred to the 
Issuer by the Originators, and the transfer of those mortgage loans, see "Mortgage Origination, Eligibility and 
Servicing" below. 
Servicing 
For details of the servicing of the mortgage loans transferred to the Issuer by the Originators and the transfer 
of those mortgage loans see "Mortgage Origination, Eligibility and Servicing" below. 
Cover Pool 
In respect of each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme, statistical information regarding the 
Mortgage Loans is available on the Issuer’s website under the area of “Cover Pool Statistics”: 
https://spabol.sparebank1.no/coverpool?hsLang=en. This reporting, which includes further details on issued 
covered bonds, is updated quarterly and is also available in the format of the Covered Bond Label’s 
Harmonized  Transparency Template (HTT).  The Issuer is a member of the Covered Bond Label, an initiative 
by the European Mortgage Federation which increase transparency in the covered bond market.  Please note, 
however, that the information provided is historical and given that new Mortgage Loans may be added to the 
Cover Pool at any time, the statistical information provided at the time of issue may be different to the actual 
composition of the Cover Pool at any given time.  
Financial Overview 
The audited annual financial statements for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the 
2021 Annual report. The audited financial statements for the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 are 
set out in the 2021 Annual Report. The audited annual financial statements for the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2020 are set out in the 2020 Annual Report. The audited annual financial statements for the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in the 2019 Annual Report (beginning on page 22). See also 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
Funding strategy of the SpareBank 1 Alliance 
Based on information set out in the annual reports of each bank, the SpareBank 1 banks fund themselves 
predominantly with customer deposits.  
The five largest banks of the SpareBank 1 Alliance (SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, SpareBank 1 SMN, 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 Østlandet and SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge) are rated by recognised 
rating agencies (Moody's) and have access to the international capital markets for debt and equity for funding 
purposes.  Several other Shareholder Banks are rated by minor rating agencies. 
Covered bonds have become an important element of the funding for the banks in the SpareBank 1 Alliance 
following the establishment of the Issuer in 2005 and starting with the Issuer's first covered bond issuance in 
September 2007.  The Issuer provides all the banks in the SpareBank 1 Alliance with access to covered bond 
funding in the domestic and international markets, both public and private. Further recognised benefits in the 
SpareBank 1 Alliance of the covered bond activities of the Issuer are the active management of debt maturities 
and the diversification of the SpareBank 1 Alliance's debt investors. In a stressed funding scenario, the 
originators may wish to transfer as much of the loan portfolio as possible to a covered bond issuing entity. 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA has established a wholly owned covered bond issuing entity (SR-Boligkreditt 
AS) that has issued covered bonds backed by lending from that bank only. SpareBank 1 Helgeland (which 
joined the SpareBank 1 alliance in 2021) has a covered bond issuing entity, Helgeland Boligkreditt, that is 
expected to be dissolved within a few years. All other SpareBank 1 Alliance banks continue to solely use the 
Issuer for accessing domestic and international covered bond markets.  There are no developments as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus which would indicate that any further banks in the SpareBank 1 Alliance would

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
initiate their own covered bond funding company.  The size of the combined SpareBank 1 banks allows the 
Issuer to be a regular issuer of sizeable transactions in the relevant markets for covered bonds. 
Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned an A2 issuer rating by Moody’s. The issued 
covered bonds all have the Aaa rating from the same rating agency. 
Auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is the Issuer's auditor and has held the position since 2019.

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER 
Management 
The management of the Issuer, their functions in relation to the Issuer and their principal outside activities (if 
any) of significance to the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Name 
Position 
Arve Austestad 
Managing Director  
Steven Simonsen 
Director, Chief Legal Officer 
Henning Nilsen 
Director, COO and ALM 
Eivind Hegelstad 
Director, CFO and Investor Relations 
The address of the members of the management of the Issuer, for the purposes of any communication related 
to the Issuer, is the registered address of the Issuer being PO Box 243, N-4002, Stavanger, Norway. 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to the Issuer by its management 
(as described above) and the private interest and/or other external duties owed by these individuals. 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer's Board of Directors meets regularly and operates as a general management committee under 
supervision of the Committee of Representatives.  The members of the Board of Directors are:  
 
Name 
Position 
Bengt Olsen (Chair) 
CFO, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Geir-Egil Bolstad (Deputy Chair) 
CFO, SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
Merete N. Kristiansen 
CEO, Akvaplan-niva AS 
Heidi C Aas Larsen 
Partner, Tenden Advokatfirma 
Trond Søraas 
CFO, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Knut Oscar Fleten 
CEO, SpareBank 1 Hallingdal Valdres 
Steinar Enge 
CFO, BN Bank 
all of whom are Board members. 
● 
Nelly Maske, Kari Gisnå, Lasse Hagerupsen and Stig Brautaset are all Deputy Board members who act as 
substitutes for relevant board members in their absence. 
The business address for each of the persons listed above is the registered office of the Issuer. 
A number of the Issuer's Board of Directors are employed by Shareholder Banks.  However, as each of the 
Shareholder Banks is a shareholder of the Issuer, and the Issuer's primary business is to issue Notes on behalf 
of, among others, the Shareholder Banks, the Issuer believes that conflicts of interest will not arise.  If a 
member of the Board of Directors were to have a material interest in a matter being considered by the Board 
of Directors or any of its Committees, such member would not participate in any discussions relating to, or 
any vote on, such matter pursuant to the Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act and the Financial 
Services Act.  Accordingly, there are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to 
the Issuer by its Board of Directors (as described above) and the private interest and/or other external duties 
owed by these individuals. 
External Auditor 
An external auditor is appointed by the General Meeting.  The external auditor performs the statutory 
confirmation of the financial information provided by the Issuer in its public accounts.  The external auditor 
attends the meetings of the Board of Directors at which the annual accounts are reviewed.

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
The external auditor has not provided the Issuer with non-audit services of any significance.  Any such services 
from the external auditor must comply with sections 4-5 of the Norwegian Auditors Act.  
The current external auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AS. 
Internal audit 
Internal audit is a tool for the Board of Directors and management to ensure that the risk management process 
is goal-orientated, effective and functions as anticipated.  The Issuer's internal audit function has been 
outsourced and is performed by KPMG AS. 
The internal auditor reports to the Board of Directors and its reports and recommendations relating to 
improvements in the Issuer's risk management are constantly reviewed and implemented.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
MORTGAGE ORIGINATION, ELIGIBILITY AND SERVICING 
Mortgage Products 
Residential mortgage loans (Mortgage Loans) originated by SpareBank 1 banks and certain other Norwegian 
banks (together, the Originators) may be transferred to the Issuer and form part of the Cover Pool, provided 
that such Mortgage Loans constitute Eligible Loans (as defined below).   
An Originator may not necessarily be a member of the SpareBank 1 Alliance, and any Originator which 
becomes a member of the SpareBank 1 Alliance may take some time to fully implement the SpareBank 1 
Alliance origination and servicing procedures as set out below.  In either case, such Originators will have the 
same information technology system infrastructure as the SpareBank 1 Alliance as provided by TietoEvry.  
Until such Originators have adopted the SpareBank 1 Alliance scoring system, the Issuer may decide that such 
Originator's own scoring system is comparable for the purposes of the Scorecard.  Mortgage Loans originated 
by such Originators will, in any event, not be purchased by the Issuer unless they meet the Issuer's eligibility 
criteria.    
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Originators is a SpareBank 1 bank, or owned by such banks 
(i.e. BN Bank ASA).  The descriptions of the Originators' products and processes in this section relate to the 
products and processes of the Originators as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change 
from time to time. 
General Mortgage Loan Features 
The Mortgage Loans originated by the Originators are mainly standard variable rate mortgage loans (such rates 
being set on the basis of the individual borrower's credit history and the funding costs for the relevant 
Originator) but fixed rate Mortgage Loans are also originated (although such Mortgage Loans will not be 
Eligible Loans, in accordance with the credit policy of the Issuer). 
The Mortgage Loans originated by the SpareBank 1 banks have the following key features (although not all 
such Mortgage Loans will be Eligible Loans): 
● 
purpose of loans – a Mortgage Loan may be for the purposes of purchasing or refinancing a residential 
property – typically this will be a primary residence, but it could also be for a second home or a leisure 
property owned by the borrower; 
● 
additional advances – certain Mortgage Loans (known as "flexible loans", i.e. revolving credit loans) allow 
the customer to leave all or a portion of the Mortgage Loan undrawn at the point of origination.  The 
undrawn portion may be drawn at a later date from time to time within the agreed term of the Mortgage 
Loan and provided the customer has not previously defaulted under the Mortgage Loan; 
● 
repayment profile – the Mortgage Loans may be annuity or serial repayment loans.  In certain 
circumstances, an interest-free period may be established within the repayment profile, typically at the 
start of the Mortgage Loan's term; 
● 
prepayment – all variable rate Mortgage Loans contain the option for the borrower to make prepayments 
of all or part of the Mortgage Loan without incurring any prepayment fee;  
● 
other fees – small fees are charged to the borrower upon the origination of the Mortgage Loan and on each 
monthly payment date; 
● 
interest accrual – interest on a Mortgage Loan accrues daily; 
● 
maturity of a Mortgage Loan – the life of a Mortgage Loan may vary, but the typical maturity is 20 or 25 
years and the historically observed, typical weighted average life of a Mortgage Loan (which depends on 
the borrower's repayment behaviour) has been three years; and

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
● 
nature of customers – the Originators have a large number of return customers, giving them an improved 
understanding of the credit risks associated with such customers (subject to legal restrictions on retention 
of data described below).  In addition, a high proportion of each bank's customers reside in the bank's 
operating regions allowing them to leverage their knowledge of the local housing market and minimise 
fraud.  The share of online applications is currently low and a meeting with an adviser can be arranged to 
supplement information supplied online, again minimising the risk of fraud. 
The required monthly payments due from borrowers in connection with the Mortgage Loans may vary from 
month to month for various reasons, including changes in the standard variable interest rate. 
All borrowers in respect of the Mortgage Loans make monthly payments to a designated account in the Issuer's 
name at the Originator bank which originated and is servicing the relevant Mortgage Loan.  This account is 
swept daily (overnight) into a central account in the Issuer's name (this account also forms part of the Cover 
Pool).  Borrowers typically (in nearly all cases) pay by direct debit. 
Each Mortgage Loan is secured by way of a standard format mortgage document (pantedokument) stipulating 
the amount which is secured by the mortgage document and which is registered on the mortgaged property in 
the official Norwegian Real Property Registry.  Each Mortgage Loan and each mortgage document is subject 
to Norwegian law.  
Mortgage Origination 
Since 1996, the SpareBank 1 banks have coordinated most of the processes relating to mortgage origination, 
credit approval and servicing.  As a result, the process for underwriting Mortgage Loans to retail customers is 
similar across the SpareBank 1 Alliance and each of the Originators uses similar systems and models as part 
of its underwriting process.  The Issuer can, but does not, originate Mortgage Loans directly.  
When a customer contacts an Originator for a mortgage application, the following steps are carried out in the 
following order by each of the Originators as part of the mortgage origination process.  The standards and 
procedures of the Originators are subject to change (for example to reflect changes in the business 
environment). 
1. 
Customer and Product Information 
The customer's personal details are recorded on a central database shared by the Originators together with the 
customer's requirements for the mortgage loan, such as the amount and preferred maturity.  No intermediaries 
are used in the origination procedure, and the Originators do not outsource any aspect of the origination or 
administration of the Mortgage Loans, save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Rating and Classification 
The customer service representative gathers information from the customer and applies a centralised scoring 
algorithm (the Scorecard) that uses data from an internal database for performance history and account 
information and an external database containing filed income and tax assessment data and payment default 
information.   
The Scorecard consists of 12 variables measuring customer income, net worth and borrowing behaviour.  The 
weighting given to each of these variables will depend on whether or not the customer is a new mortgage loan 
customer and whether or not the customer has a history of arrears or other payment defaults (either in respect 
of a loan granted by a SpareBank 1 bank or another financial undertaking).  However, Norwegian financial 
undertakings are not permitted to store such information beyond four years by the Data Inspectorate of 
Norway, which issues licences for storing data information about customers. 
The Scorecard data is processed through an algorithm (credit assessment model) and each customer is assigned 
a rating from A to K indicating his or her probability of default (with A being the rating carrying the least risk).

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
Only Mortgage Loans rated A through F are acceptable to the Issuer for sale and transfer from the relevant 
Originator to the Cover Pool.   
The customer rating is carried out both at the point of origination and each month thereafter for the life of the 
relevant Mortgage Loan.  Accordingly the process also constitutes a key management and monitoring tool 
both in respect of the Cover Pool and individual borrowers. 
The Scorecard algorithm is reviewed on a regular basis by the SpareBank 1 banks to identify areas for 
improvement. 
3. 
Test of Debt Servicing Capacity 
Customers with certain characteristics (such as a particular debt to income multiple or overall loan size) are 
also subject to a test of their debt servicing capacity.  Debt servicing capacity is evaluated using a national 
model (known as the SIFO model, developed by the Norwegian government's National Institute for Consumer 
Research) based on the net income and expenses of the applicant's household.  An applicant's debt servicing 
capacity is also calculated on the basis of the applicant's total assets and debts and the cost of financing.  The 
Originators take into account a stressed scenario for affordability and consider the applicant's ability to handle 
interest rate increases of up to several percentage points.  
4. 
Collateral Valuation 
The valuation of the residential property which is pledged as security for a Mortgage Loan is often the 
transaction value (in those cases where a house purchase is financed by the Mortgage Loan) because 
transactions in Norway take the form of an open market auction and so provide a sufficiently adequate 
indication of market value.  When a new Mortgage Loan is originated without a sale of the property (a 
refinancing), the valuation is performed by an independent source, which could be a licensed valuer or a 
licensed real estate agent with sufficient local market knowledge.  A valuation for a refinancing transaction 
could also be provided by Eiendomsverdi AS (a leading Norwegian provider of property valuations) through 
the use of an automated valuation model.  Eiendomsverdi AS's data covers all property transactions in Norway 
since the mid-1990s and its databases are linked to those of most real estate agents in Norway.  SpareBank 1 
Gruppen AS, a company owned by banks in the SpareBank 1 Alliance, owns 25 per cent. of Eiendomsverdi 
AS, three other banks and banking groups in Norway also each own a 25 per cent. share. 
Valuations in the cover pool are subsequently tested and evaluated quarterly by Eiendomsverdi AS and this 
forms the basis of the measurement of loan-to-value over time for the Cover Pool. 
If there is a large discrepancy between the estimate of the independent valuer and that of Eiendomsverdi AS, 
the independent valuer may be contacted to establish the authenticity and quality of the estimate.  If there is 
still doubt regarding the estimate following communication with the independent valuer, another independent 
valuer may be consulted. 
The independent appraisal of the real estate assets securing Mortgage Loans acquired by the Issuer is a legal 
requirement pursuant to Norwegian covered bond legislation.  The requirement extends to documenting by 
whom and under what assumptions the valuation was conducted.  According to the Issuer's credit policy, the 
valuation cannot be older than 24 months at the date on which the Issuer acquires the Mortgage Loan.  As part 
of its independent appraisal, the Issuer will refer to the purchase price for the relevant property (provided the 
transaction took place within the previous 24 months), appraisals provided by licensed appraisers and estimates 
from registered estate agents (provided such estate agents appear on the SpareBank 1 Alliance approved list) 
as well as valuations from Eiendomsverdi AS, but any valuation estimates from the SpareBank 1 banks 
themselves are not considered independent and are therefore insufficient to satisfy this legal requirement.   
The ongoing quarterly testing of the valuation of the underlying collateral performed by the Issuer via 
Eiendomsverdi AS is not a legal requirement.  However, covered bond issuers in Norway are required by law 
to revalue the underlying collateral (i) when there is reason to believe that due to market conditions there has 
been deterioration in the collateral value or (ii) at a minimum every three years.  Should property prices fall

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
after inclusion of a Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool, the part of a mortgage that exceeds the relevant LTV 
limit is still part of the Cover Pool and protects the holders of preferential claims.  However, the part of a loan 
that exceeds the LTV limit is not taken into account when calculating the value of the Cover Pool to test for 
compliance with the statutory overcollateralisation requirement (which, at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
requires a minimum overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 2 per cent. at all times – for further details see 
"Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)").  
Similarly, loans which are more than 90 days in arrears are also not taken into account when calculating the 
value of the Cover Pool to test for compliance with the statutory overcollateralisation requirement. 
5. 
Decision, Pricing and Loan Contract 
Depending on, among other things, the characteristics of the customer, the mortgage loan application and the 
collateral, the application may be approved by a financial adviser, the credit committee, a branch manager or 
a regional director.  In exceptional circumstances (for example, where the mortgage loan application falls 
outside of the credit policy or the mortgage loan value exceeds a set threshold), the approval of the Chief Credit 
Officer or the Chief Executive Officer will be required.  The exact underwriting authority differs between 
Originators. 
If the application is approved, the pricing will be set in respect of the Mortgage Loan on the basis of an internal 
pricing model.  The model will take into account a number of factors including the nature of the mortgage loan 
being originated (for example, a standard variable rate loan or fixed rate loan), the credit history of the borrower 
and the cost of funding for that Originator.  This price may be adjusted in order to make it more competitive 
with other banks in the market. 
The Mortgage Loan document will be prepared ready for signing by the borrower. 
Underwriting Personnel 
In order to be granted underwriting authority, a financial adviser must have a minimum of 12 months 
experience and have completed the relevant underwriting examinations.  All underwriters also take part in 
ongoing training and reviews of their underwriting performance by branch managers and credit officers.   
Eligibility Criteria 
Because all Originators share a similar credit process, comparable information is available with respect to 
every Mortgage Loan that could potentially be transferred to the Issuer.  The Issuer's credit policy sets out the 
criteria identifying which Mortgage Loans it may acquire from the Originators (Eligible Loans).  These criteria 
include the following:  
● 
All Mortgage Loans must be first priority mortgages for residential property in Norway (including 
detached houses, terraced houses, apartments and cooperative housing units as well as second home 
properties). 
● 
All Mortgage Loans must have an LTV of 75 per cent. or less at the time of transfer.  Since 2014, the 
Issuer has imposed a maximum 60 per cent. LTV for revolving credits as eligibility criteria, but this can 
be changed back to 75 per cent. with no further notice to investors. 
● 
No adverse credit history exists in respect of the customer during the previous year. 
● 
Customer is rated in risk classes A-F of the SpareBank 1 Alliance 11 grade system (from A to K) used by 
all Originators. 
● 
The valuation of the mortgage property must be no less than 24 months old and carried out by an 
independent third party.

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
● 
The Issuer limits the number of mortgages each borrower may have in the cover pool to three.  This is in 
order to, among other things, minimise the potential for buy-to-let properties being in the pool, despite the 
fact that no mortgages are granted on the basis of a rental income cash flow alone.  All Mortgage Loans 
must always be backed by a general employment (or self-employment) income stream and have full 
personal recourse to the individual as debtor. 
● 
A maximum loan volume per customer of NOK 16 million. 
● 
No fixed rate Mortgage Loans. 
Eligible Loans may also include the following products: 
● 
Instalment loans, where the monthly repayments of principal remain the same over the life of the Mortgage 
Loan.  As the outstanding principal decreases the interest payments also decrease and, as such, total 
monthly payments made by the borrower decrease over the life of the Mortgage Loan.  Instalment loans 
may include an interest-only period. 
● 
Annuity loans, where the borrower pays the same repayment amount each month for the life of the loan.  
Monthly payments in the early life of the Mortgage Loan comprise a high component of interest and a 
smaller component of principal.  As the principal is gradually paid down, the interest payments decrease 
on the smaller outstanding principal.  Annuity loans may include an interest-only period. 
● 
Flexible loans, which allow the borrower to leave a portion of the loan undrawn at the point of origination.  
This may be drawn at a later date and from time to time during the life of the Mortgage Loan.  The Issuer 
maintains a cash reserve for a portion of the total undrawn amounts under Flexible Loans forming part of 
the Cover Pool. 
The Issuer's eligibility criteria complies with the eligibility requirements set out in the Act and the Regulations 
(as amended, varied or supplemented from time to time), in addition to the Issuer's credit policy.  For details 
of the Act and the Regulations see "Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
(obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)".  The Issuer has the right, pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
it maintains with each Originator, to transfer back to the relevant Originator loans which are, following transfer 
to the Cover Pool, found to be ineligible at the time of transfer for any reason. 
Purchase of Mortgage Loans 
Initially a Mortgage Loan is recorded on the balance sheet of the Originator originating the Mortgage Loan.  
After all Mortgage Loans originated by each Originator are checked for compliance with the Issuer's credit 
policy criteria via a centralised mainframe, the Eligible Loans are moved to a separate database.  The database 
is connected to a centralised web-based application used to manage the transfer of Eligible Loans to the Issuer.  
The treasury department of each Originator then confirms its willingness to sell the Eligible Loans to the Issuer, 
whereupon the Issuer carries out the final approval for the sale and transfer to take place.  The Issuer is not 
obliged to purchase any Eligible Loan.  The approval triggers both the immediate transfer of the Eligible Loans 
to, and funds from, the Issuer and the recording of the Eligible Loans on the balance sheet of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the terms of a transfer and a servicing agreement (each a Transfer and Servicing Agreement), 
there is a legal sale of those Mortgage Loans selected to form part of the Cover Pool from the Originator to 
the Issuer.  This does not result in the registration of the Issuer as mortgagee in the Norwegian Real Property 
Registry. 
Each Mortgage Loan sold by an Originator to the Issuer is sold by way of a true sale in that, following sale, 
all credit risk transfers to the Issuer and the Mortgage Loan appears on the Issuer's balance sheet.  Only if the 
Originator has not fulfilled the agreed origination procedures, or omitted or collected incomplete or erroneous 
information in the Mortgage Loan origination process, can the Issuer require that the bank repurchase in 
general at par a Mortgage Loan already transferred to the Issuer.

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
Following purchase of the Eligible Loan, a letter of notification is sent to the customer of the transferred 
Mortgage Loan in order to perfect the legal transfer of the Mortgage Loan to the Issuer under Norwegian law.  
The consent of the customer to the transfer is not required.   
This stream-lined process is designed to ensure the secure and accurate sale of the Eligible Loans to the Issuer 
and the corresponding proceeds from the Issuer to the Originators.  The process also ensures that the 
Originators cannot influence the nature or credit quality in respect of the Mortgage Loans which are sold to 
the Issuer from time to time, but rather that the Issuer determines which Eligible Loans to buy in accordance 
with the Act and the Regulations and its own credit policy criteria.  
Each Originator that sells Mortgage Loans to the Issuer earns a commission (Commission) on those Mortgage 
Loans set out under the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement.  The Commission for each Originator is 
equal to the customer interest payments on the Mortgage Loan less (i) the Issuer's average funding costs, plus 
(ii) an additional cost factor to cover the Issuer's operational costs.  The Issuer currently calculates and pays 
the Commission to each Originator on a monthly basis.  The Issuer has a right to offset certain limited credit 
losses against Commission amounts due to Originators.  The Issuer may offset those certain limited credit 
losses arising from the Cover Pool against an amount of between one to twelve months' (depending on the 
month in which such right is to be exercised) worth of Commission amounts due to all Originators in that 
calendar year (i.e. ending 31 December). The Issuer is not obliged to pay commission for Mortgage Loans that 
are more than 90 days in arrears, and can reduce the commission by half for any Mortgage Loans that is above 
a loan-to-value limit of 75 per cent. (which could occur due to a decline in residential real estate valuation after 
the transfer of a mortgage loan from an Originator to the Issuer). 
Monitoring of the Cover Pool 
All Originators and the Issuer are served by an IT service provider ((TietoEvry ASA). TietoEvry ASA 
maintains a database containing up-to-date information on each Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool.  The Issuer 
and the Originators are able to use this data for monitoring and statistical and analytical purposes.  Furthermore, 
the database allows the Issuer to demonstrate that it is complying with its legal obligations under Norwegian 
covered bond legislation and also with the requirements of the rating agencies that the overcollateralisation of 
the Cover Pool is maintained at an agreed level. 
In addition to the monthly assessment of the borrower's credit rating and quarterly revaluation of the Mortgage 
Loan's underlying collateral, individual Mortgage Loan files are regularly selected for review by the relevant 
Originator.  The Mortgage Loans are selected on the basis of the borrower's credit rating, the value of the 
Mortgage Loans, the LTV ratio and any changes to the borrower's payment plan.  The outcome of the review 
may lead to changes being made to the terms of the Mortgage Loan, such as its payment plan or the applicable 
mortgage rate. 
Loan Servicing 
Pursuant to each Transfer and Servicing Agreement, the Originator of the relevant Mortgage Loans provides 
all Mortgage Loan servicing functions for the Issuer.    
Residential mortgage customers typically pay their interest and principal instalments by direct debit from their 
current accounts.  These funds are collected in a designated account in the name of the Issuer held with the 
applicable Originator.  After the close of business each day the accumulated funds are transferred to the Issuer's 
central account.  This account is typically held with a rated Shareholder Bank and can be altered by the Issuer 
on short notice to an account held with a different bank by way of notice to the common IT service provider 
for the Originators, TietoEvry ASA. TietoEvry carries out the settlement on mortgage loan accounts within 
each Originator when a customer makes a periodic payment, or refinances the Mortgage Loan.  
The Issuer has internal guidelines and limits on the level of funds which may accumulate in any account held 
with a particular Shareholder Bank.  Furthermore the bank holding the funds must hold a credit rating from a 
recognised credit rating agency.  The funds collected and held by the Issuer are used for liquidity reserves, to

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
purchase liquid securities such as sovereign debt and other covered bond instruments, and to purchase new 
Mortgage Loans from the Originators.  
The standard variable rate applicable to all Mortgage Loans transferred to the Issuer is set separately by each 
Originator in the context of its own local market, the cost of funding and the borrower's credit score.  They are 
not linked to the Norwegian Inter Bank Offer Rate.  Each Originator may change the standard variable rate at 
any time to any level, but must observe by law a minimum notice period to the customer of six weeks for rate 
increases.  Any changes to the standard variable rate must be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the 
Originator.  The costs associated with a customer changing its mortgage provider are low.  Accordingly, 
changes in the standard variable rates may affect the market share of the relevant Originator and increasing the 
standard variable rate could lead to a higher repayment rate. 
Although the Issuer is permitted to determine its own standard variable rate in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
transferred to it by the Originators, by custom it follows the rate set by the relevant Originator.   
When an Originator wishes to make changes to any Mortgage Loan terms and conditions in respect of any 
Mortgage Loans already transferred to the Issuer it requires the Issuer's approval.  Minor changes may be made 
without the Issuer's explicit approval provided notice of the proposed change is given to the Issuer and the 
Issuer raises no objection.   
Each Originator maintains its own administrative unit which maintains deeds and titles to the residential 
property that comprise the security for the Mortgage Loans which it originated, and also maintains them on 
behalf of the Issuer.  The original deeds are scanned by each of the Originators and stored in the central IT 
system. 
If an Originator is no longer able or willing to service its Mortgage Loans transferred to the Issuer, the Transfer 
and Servicing Agreements provide that the Issuer may terminate the relevant Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement and may also, in some circumstances, transfer the servicing of the relevant Mortgage Loans to 
another Originator.  As at the date hereof, no Originator has ever ceased servicing its Mortgage Loans 
transferred to the Issuer nor defaulted under the relevant Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
Payment Arrears  
The Issuer monitors reports on loans which are in arrears on a daily basis.  Arrears levels are low overall and 
rarely extend beyond 60 days.  The following chart shows the arrears history for the previous five years, from 
the first quarter of 2017 through the fourth quarter of 2021 (loans in arrears from one through 3 months as a 
percentage of the overall Mortgage Loan portfolio):

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
The most recent figures from the chart are set out in the table below, and also include the category up to 1 
month.  The data excludes the first 10 days in the up to 1 month category in order to remove operational reasons 
for arrears and data noise. 
History of loans in arrears, in % of balance in portfolio 
 
Q3 20 
Q4 20 
Q1 21 
Q2 21 
Q3 21 
Q4 21 
Up to 1 month 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.27% 
1-2 months 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
2-3 months 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
More than 3 
months 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Arrears in respect of transferred Mortgage Loans are managed on behalf of the Issuer by the relevant Originator 
in accordance with a standardised procedure that meets the requirements set out under Norwegian law.  The 
arrears procedure is in accordance with the servicing banks' own procedures.  The arrears procedure is 
generally as follows: 
● 
14 days after the payment due date – initial notice sent to the customer. 
● 
approximately 32 days after the payment due date – a second notice is sent, and the customer is warned 
that the relevant Mortgage Loan may be considered to have defaulted and may therefore become due 
in its entirety if not paid within 14 days of the second notice.   
● 
approximately 48 days after the payment due date – a formal notice is sent, in which the customer is 
warned that if the mortgage is not paid within 14 days of the formal notice, it will be transferred to a 
debt collection agency. 
● 
60-70 days after the payment due date – a debt collection agency is appointed with the task of 
collecting on the mortgage debt. Associated fees for collection is charged to the customer.  The Issuer 
takes over the management from the Originators of the relevant Mortgage Loan in arrears once such 
Mortgage Loan progresses into the collection stage. 
The Originators are encouraged, but are not obliged, to repurchase defaulted Mortgage Loans before they are 
sent for debt collection. The Issuer identifies mortgage loans with payments in arrears.  It is then policy of the 
Issuer to request from the Originators, which have transferred such mortgage loans with arrears, to buy back 
these from the Issuer (at par value). This is voluntary on part of the Originators, but consistent with the function 
of the Issuer as a funding organization for the Originators.   Furthermore, the practice of the Issuer is to request 
such buy backs of mortgages when a payment on a mortgage is at least 30 days late. 
Penalty interest is charged to borrowers by the Originator for Mortgage Loans in arrears in respect only of the 
amount due and payable.  The rate varies between the Originators but is limited under Norwegian law.  Penalty 
interest may be waived by the relevant Originator. 
Pursuant to their origination criteria, the Originators will not originate Mortgage Loans to a customer with an 
adverse credit history (including late payments).  Existing customers who have received one or more late 
payment notices will in general not be eligible to receive a further Mortgage Loan without satisfactory 
explanation of the reasons for the late payment or payments.  Existing customers who make a payment that is 
48 days or more late will in general not be able to obtain a new Mortgage Loan from an Originator for at least 
three years and provided that a new analysis demonstrates an ability to meet future payments. If an Originator 
makes an exemption to the general guidelines set out above when originating a mortgage loan, such mortgage 
loan will not be eligible for transfer to the Issuer.  The Issuer, according to its Board of Directors approved 
credit policy, is not permitted to allow exemptions to its eligibility criteria.

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
Foreclosure 
Provided that (i) the borrower has been notified of his or her payment default as provided under the Norwegian 
Financial Contracts Act 1999, (ii) the default has been deemed substantial, usually when two consecutive 
monthly payments have not been made and the Lender has claimed the total mortgage as defaulted, and (iii) if 
the borrower is a consumer and has not remedied the default within 14 days after the notification of the default 
of the mortgage under item (ii) above, a Lender is able to foreclose on a Mortgage Loan by claiming its rights 
under the mortgage document executed by the borrower.  Under the Issuer's foreclosure procedure, this takes 
place about 90 days after the original payment due date. 
The Norwegian Enforcement Act provides for an effective and expedient forced sale procedure.  A lender may, 
if a mortgage loan is accelerated and the borrower fails to pay any due amount, file an application before the 
county court for a forced sale of the property securing the mortgage loan.  The registered mortgage document 
will itself constitute the basis for such application.  There is no need for an additional order by the court to 
permit such a forced sale.  The court will, after giving the debtor time to contest the application, decide if the 
forced sale should be carried out.  The court will normally appoint a real estate agent to administer the sale in 
order to obtain a reasonable price.  However, the court may decide that the forced sale should be carried out 
through an auction if it believes that this will result in an improved sale price.  The court may also decide to 
evict the debtor from the premises if the sales procedure is hindered or there is a possible loss of value of the 
property.   
In the event that the court is asked by the lender to affirm a bid on the property, the court will do so provided 
that such a bid allows full recovery for those creditors with senior priority to the lender (see below) and there 
is no reason to believe that it is possible to obtain a higher bid.  The court will then give an order to distribute 
the proceeds of the sale to the creditors that hold security over a property.  In general six to nine months from 
the start of the foreclosure process are required to repossess the property and distribute proceeds to the 
creditors.  While the foreclosure process is taking place, no other enforcement proceedings may be taken 
against the debtor in respect of that debt. 
Certain claims benefit from a statutory first priority lien on any real property in Norway, typically a claim for 
property tax owed to the local municipality and for certain municipal fees such as refuse collection and 
disposal, annual water and sewage fees and chimney sweep fees.  A bankrupt estate of a borrower will have a 
first priority statutory lien over any asset, including real property, pledged by the borrower.  This lien is limited 
to 5 per cent. of the value of the relevant asset, subject to a maximum threshold of 700 times the court fee 
(which at present equals NOK 856,100) in respect of each pledged asset.  The bankruptcy estate may only 
apply the funds obtained from this statutory first priority lien to discharge the necessary costs relating to the 
management of the bankruptcy estate. 
As described above, the Issuer may only purchase Mortgage Loans with an LTV of 75 per cent. or less, which 
generally allows for a 25 per cent. deterioration of the value of the property from the time the Mortgage Loan 
was purchased before the Mortgage Loan is impaired.  In normal markets this is sufficient to cover the full 
value of the Mortgage Loan, but the Issuer has had no experience of selling foreclosed properties.  The Issuer's 
procedures are, however, based on those of the Originators, which do have such experience.  The timing and 
success of such a property sale is dependent on market conditions. 
Under Norwegian law, there is also full recourse to a debtor in Norway, who is personally responsible for any 
uncollected debts notwithstanding foreclosure and sale of the property to satisfy a creditor's claim.  This may 
include a court order to make deductions from the debtor's salary to cover uncollected debts. 
Reserves for potential Mortgage Loan losses are recorded by the Issuer in accordance with IFRS 9 from 
January 1, 2018 and in accordance with IAS 39 for prior periods. 
Other than the sale of security, there are no other general sources of proceeds from foreclosure.  Costs 
associated with the foreclosure process (principally legal fees and estate agent fees) reduce the amounts 
ultimately received by creditors since they are not generally recoverable from the debtor.

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
COVER POOL REVIEW PROCESS 
The Cover Pool is monitored by an independent inspector appointed by the FSAN. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer’s external auditor performs this role. 
The Inspector reviews a sample of the Issuer's Mortgage Loans as part of his role. The Inspector will perform 
his duties independently of the Issuer.  The Inspector has, however, agreed to perform additional reviews – in 
frequency or scope – if reasonably requested to do so by the Issuer and to present the findings of their review 
to the Board of Directors.  The Inspector will thus conduct such reviews on an annual basis.  In connection 
with any such exercise, the Inspector will have a general discussion with the Issuer's management about the 
loan book before devising the scope of its review (which will include defining the parameters of the sampling 
by reference to factors such as which Originators and customers and the number of files to be reviewed).  The 
file review procedures may include, but will not be limited to, the Inspector verifying whether the loan 
documents have been signed, the legal perfection procedures associated with the transfer to the Issuer have 
been completed and the security related to the loan has been registered with the correct priority in the 
Norwegian Real Property Register.  The Inspector's procedures may also include checking whether certain 
aspects of the Issuer's eligibility criteria and credit policies are met and verifying whether certain legal 
requirements have been observed (including verifying whether loans secured by Residential Mortgages 
comply with applicable LTV requirements at the time of their transfer to the Issuer). 
In connection with any such review exercise, a report is presented by the Inspector to the Board of Directors 
who will decide on how to respond to the report. 
The role of the Inspector is otherwise described in this Base Prospectus in "Overview of the Norwegian 
Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) – Inspector (Cover Pool Monitor)".  
To the extent that any report from the Inspector indicates that a loan is deficient in any way with regards to 
matters such as missing documents, missing signatures and failure to complete registrations, the Issuer may 
put the relevant loan back to the relevant Originator at par pursuant to the relevant Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement.   
In connection with the Norwegian implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules, the Ministry of Finance 
has proposed to change the term "Inspector" to "Cover Pool Monitor". The Cover Pool Monitor shall be 
appointed by the Issuer, but the Issuer’s external auditor may no longer be appointed.

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENT AND THE SHAREHOLDER NOTE 
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
Set out below is an overview of the key provisions of the Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note 
Purchase Agreement (each as defined below). 
1. 
Shareholders' Agreement 
General 
On 11 September 2018, the Issuer and Shareholder Banks entered into a shareholders' agreement (the 
Shareholders' Agreement) to regulate the relationship between each of the Shareholder Banks and also 
between the Shareholder Banks collectively and the Issuer. 
Shareholdings 
Each Shareholder Bank will own shares in the Issuer pro rata to its share of the total contributed lending 
volume of the Shareholder Banks to the Issuer.  However, any Shareholder Bank or prospective Shareholder 
Bank whose contributed lending volume is zero shall be allocated one share in the Issuer. 
The shareholding of each Shareholder Bank shall be adjusted: 
(a) 
annually on a date selected by the Issuer from time to time (which will generally be the date of an 
annual general meeting of the Shareholder Banks), to reflect the contributed lending volume of the 
Shareholder Banks as at a date before 30 December of the previous year; 
(b) 
on or following the date on which the board of directors of the Issuer agrees that an additional bank 
shall become a Shareholder Bank in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement, to reflect the 
contributed lending volume of the Shareholder Banks as of that date; 
(c) 
on or following the date on which a Shareholder Bank resigns or has its shares redeemed, in each case 
in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement, to reflect the contributed lending volume of the 
Shareholder Banks as of that date; or  
(d) 
at any other time at which the Issuer in its absolute discretion thinks fit, 
(each, a Re-allocation Date).  
Core Tier 1 capital ratio 
Pursuant to the Shareholders' Agreement, the Shareholder Banks shall ensure that at all times the Issuer shall 
maintain a Core Tier 1 ratio according to any regulation or binding supervisory decision by Norwegian 
authorities (including any buffer requirements and Pillar 2 requirements).  Where necessary in order to 
maintain the Core Tier 1 capital ratio the Shareholder Banks will contribute additional Core Tier 1 capital 
within three months at the written request of the Issuer (the Core Tier 1 Capital Request).  The obligation of 
the Shareholder Banks to contribute this Core Tier 1 capital is several and not joint and shall be in accordance 
with each Shareholder Bank's pro rata share in the shareholding of the Issuer. 
If the Issuer notifies the Shareholder Banks (the Capital Non-Defaulting Shareholders) that any Shareholder 
Bank(s) (the Capital Defaulting Shareholder(s)) has failed to contribute the Core Tier 1 capital required of 
it following a request from the Issuer, then the Capital Non-Defaulting Shareholders shall be jointly and 
severally liable to contribute such further additional capital as specified by the Issuer as is required to ensure 
that the Issuer has the required Core Tier 1 capital ratio.  Any Capital Non-Defaulting Shareholder's obligation 
to pay additional capital shall be limited to an amount equivalent to twice the initial obligation of that Capital 
Non-Defaulting Shareholder under the relevant Core Tier 1 Capital Request.

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
Default 
If a Shareholder Bank does not fulfil its obligation to contribute additional Core Tier 1 capital following a 
Core Tier 1 Capital Request, this shall be deemed a substantial default under the Shareholders' Agreement.  If 
a Shareholder Bank is in substantial default as regards the Shareholders' Agreement and/or the Shareholder 
Note Purchase Agreement (the Defaulting Shareholder), the Issuer or another Shareholder Bank who is not 
in default may present a written notice to the Defaulting Shareholder: 
(a) 
terminating the Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement (subject to 
and in accordance with its terms) with respect to the Defaulting Shareholder only and without 
prejudice to the rights and obligations of the other Shareholders in respect of which the Shareholders' 
Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement shall be continuing; and  
(b) 
requiring the redemption of the Defaulting Shareholder's shares at a rate equivalent to the relevant 
stake of book equity of the other Shareholder Banks and for such redeemed shares to be redistributed 
in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement. 
A Shareholder Bank may also be treated as being in substantial default of the Shareholders' Agreement if so 
deemed by a 2/3 majority (by percentage of shareholding) of the other Shareholder Banks. 
In the event that a substantial default has occurred, the Issuer may present a written notice to the Defaulting 
Shareholder terminating the Transfer and Servicing Agreement with respect to that Defaulting Shareholder 
(subject to and in accordance with its terms). 
If the Transfer and Servicing Agreement entered into by a Shareholder Bank is terminated for any reason, the 
Shareholders' Agreement and the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement shall, so far as they relate to that 
Shareholder Bank, also terminate with effect on the same date, subject to and in accordance with their terms 
but shall remain in force as regards the other Shareholder Banks and the Issuer. 
Entry and exit 
When a bank which is a part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance has entered into a Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
with the Issuer, it may become a Shareholder Bank, at which point it must accede to the Shareholders' 
Agreement. 
A Shareholder Bank may resign from the Shareholders' Agreement, provided this is done in accordance with 
the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, and in such a manner that the Issuer is able to maintain its obligations 
towards its investors, customers and relevant others.  The resigning Shareholder Bank will thus also terminate 
its rights and obligations under the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement (subject to and in accordance with 
its terms, including the enduring obligations set out thereunder).  The resigning Shareholder Bank's shares 
shall be reallocated in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement. 
A bank which is not a part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance and which enters into a Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement may also become a Shareholder Bank.  In the event that such a bank becomes a Shareholder Bank 
a replacement Shareholders' Agreement shall be entered into between the existing Shareholder Banks, the new 
Shareholder Bank which is not part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance and the Issuer.  This replacement Shareholders' 
Agreement will supersede the existing Shareholders' Agreement. 
Disagreements between the Shareholder Banks 
If the Shareholder Banks cannot reach a decision in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement's 
requirements for a two-thirds majority (by percentage of shareholding) or, for some other reason, a 
disagreement exists between the Shareholder Banks which renders impossible the running of the Issuer, then 
the CEOs of each of the Shareholder Banks or their deputies are required to enter into negotiations in order to 
resolve the issue.

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
If these negotiations have not led to a resolution within 30 days: 
(a) 
those Shareholder Banks who would like to resign from the Shareholders' Agreement may do so in 
accordance with the resignation process set out thereunder; and 
(b) 
Shareholder Banks acting by a 2/3 majority (by percentage of shareholding) are entitled to require the 
redemption of any Shareholder Bank's shares as if such Shareholder Bank was a Defaulting 
Shareholder (as defined above).  
Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
The Shareholders' Agreement specifies that the transfer and servicing agreement between the Issuer and each 
Shareholder Bank (each a Transfer and Servicing Agreement) will include, as a minimum, provisions 
covering the following: 
● 
Purchase of mortgage loans from the Shareholder Bank by the Issuer (including the approval of such 
purchase). 
● 
The relationship between the Issuer and the Shareholder Bank in respect of the Mortgage Loans. 
● 
The relationship between the Issuer and Shareholder Bank's borrowers. 
● 
Commission paid by the Issuer to the Shareholder Banks in respect of the Mortgage Loans purchased by 
the Issuer. 
● 
Termination of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
● 
Default by the Shareholder Banks of its obligations under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Shareholders' Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by Norwegian law. 
No guarantee 
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the Shareholder Banks under the Shareholders' Agreement do 
not constitute a guarantee in respect of amounts due and payable under the Notes.  The Notes will be solely 
obligations of the Issuer and, in particular, will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, the 
Shareholder Banks, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other entity.  In the event of the Issuer defaulting on its 
obligations under the Notes, the Noteholders hold the benefit of priority of claim over the assets in the Cover 
Pool.  For further details of risks in relation to the Cover Pool, see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Notes 
generally" above. 
2. 
Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement 
General 
On 15 September 2010, the Issuer and the Shareholder Banks entered into a shareholder note purchase 
agreement (the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement) under the terms of which the Issuer may from time 
to time issue Notes (the Shareholder Notes) and put such Shareholder Notes to the Shareholder Banks for the 
purposes of funding any shortfall in the funds available with the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of a Series of Notes on the Relevant Maturity Date.   
Under the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement, each Shareholder Bank unconditionally and irrevocably 
undertakes to the Issuer that on the relevant Issue Date of the Shareholder Notes, upon the demand of the Issuer

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
it will purchase each Shareholder Note offered by the Issuer at a price equal to 100 per cent. of such 
Shareholder Note. 
The Shareholder Notes must be in the form of VPS Notes and shall be issued in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set out in the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement. 
The Issuer shall apply the proceeds of the Shareholder Notes towards payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount of the relevant Series of Notes on the Maturity Date thereof.  
Requirement to issue Shareholder Notes 
On the Business Day which is 60 days prior to the Maturity Date (the Relevant Maturity Date) of any Series 
of Notes issued under the Programme (and if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding 
Business Day) or any other day (the Determination Date), the Issuer shall determine whether it will have (or 
reasonably expect to have) sufficient funds to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of 
Notes and (if applicable) amounts payable under any related Swap Agreement.  On each Determination Date 
that the Issuer determines that there would be (or is reasonably likely to be) insufficient funds available to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Notes on the Relevant Maturity Date (the Shortfall), 
the Issuer shall notify the Shareholder Banks of the amount of that Shortfall.   
In making such a determination, the Issuer shall take into account: 
(a) 
interest and principal amounts that will fall due for payment on other Series of Notes (including 
Shareholder Notes) on or prior to the Relevant Maturity Date;  
(b) 
amounts that will fall due for payment to any other holder of Notes (including Shareholder Notes) or 
to any Swap Provider on or prior to the Relevant Maturity Date; 
(c) 
(if applicable) currency exchange rates in effect on the Determination Date and, based on such 
currency exchange rates, the amounts that would (as applicable) be received by the Issuer from any 
Swap Provider or be payable to any Swap Provider by the Issuer, in each case on or prior to the 
Relevant Maturity Date; and 
(d) 
such other matters that it would be reasonable and prudent for the Issuer to take into account (including 
the liquidity position of the Issuer).   
Issue of Shareholder Notes 
On each Determination Date that the Issuer determines that there would be (or is reasonably likely to be) a 
Shortfall, the Issuer shall notify the Shareholder Banks of the amount of that Shortfall.  The Issuer shall arrange 
for the issuance of Shareholder Notes and offer the same to each Shareholder Bank based on their individual 
Shareholder Note Commitment (as defined below) in an aggregate amount which is not less than the greater 
of: 
(a) 
the Shortfall amount (rounded upwards to the nearest NOK 10,000,000); and 
(b) 
the sum of the individual Shareholder Note Commitments of each Shareholder Bank, on the basis that 
no Shareholder Note shall have a denomination of less than NOK 500,000. 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Shareholder Notes to be issued in any rolling twelve-month period shall 
not exceed the equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of: 
(a) 
the amount due on the Maturity Date as set out in the applicable Final Terms for each Series of the 
Notes (including the Shareholder Notes); and  
(b) 
the amounts payable under any Swap Agreements,

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
which fall due for payment in that twelve-month period.  When calculating the maximum amount payable in 
any twelve-month period, the following amounts will be deducted: (i) the aggregate amount of all Shareholder 
Notes in issue and not previously redeemed or repaid by the Issuer; and (ii) the liquidity position of the Issuer. 
Shareholder Note Commitment 
The obligation of each Shareholder Bank to purchase each Series of Shareholder Notes (the Shareholder Note 
Commitment) is several and pro-rated (between the Shareholder Banks) in accordance with each Shareholder 
Bank's shareholding in the Issuer, as determined on the most recent Re-allocation Date adjusted to take into 
account the enduring Shareholder Note Commitments of any Retiring Shareholder Banks (the Pro-rata 
Share).  In the event that a Shareholder Bank fails to purchase its share of Shareholder Notes, the remaining 
Shareholder Banks shall purchase such Shareholder Notes in accordance with their Pro-rata Share, provided 
that no Shareholder Bank will be obliged to purchase such Shareholder Notes in an amount greater than twice 
their initial purchase obligation.  
Termination 
The Issuer may terminate the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement in its entirety and to operate without any 
replacement shareholder financing arrangement by giving one year's notice to each of the Shareholder Banks 
and the Rating Agencies, provided that the Issuer is satisfied that the ratings of the Notes would not be 
adversely affected as a result of such termination.  The Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement may also be 
terminated prior to the aforementioned one year period if the Issuer enters into an agreement on substantially 
the same terms as the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement and the Issuer is satisfied that the ratings of the 
Notes would not be adversely affected as a result thereof.  
If a Shareholder Bank (the Retiring Shareholder Bank): 
(a) 
ceases to be a shareholder of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
gives not less than 12 months' notice to the Issuer, the other Shareholder Banks (the Non-retiring 
Shareholders) and the Rating Agencies of its intention to terminate its Shareholder Note 
Commitment, 
then the Shareholder Note Commitment of the Retiring Shareholder Bank shall cease on the day immediately 
following the Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date) of the Notes which have the 
longest dated Maturity Date, including the Extended Final Maturity Date (the Longest Dated Notes) 
(determined on the date on which the Shareholder Bank ceases to be a shareholder of the Issuer or, as 
applicable, the expiry of the 12 month notice period (the Reference Date)).  For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Retiring Shareholder Bank's Shareholder Note Commitment shall continue (on the basis of its Shareholder 
Bank's Pro-rata Share as at the Reference Date) in respect of:  
(i) 
existing Notes with a Maturity Date falling on or before the Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the 
Extended Final Maturity Date) of the Longest Dated Notes; and 
(ii) 
any new Notes which are subsequently issued with a Maturity Date which falls on or before the 
Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date) of the Longest Dated Notes.  
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service Limited (or any successor of its ratings business). 
New Shareholder Banks 
Any new shareholders of the Issuer shall accede to the terms of the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by Norwegian law.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the Shareholder Banks under the Shareholders' Agreement and 
the Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement do not constitute a guarantee in respect of amounts due and payable 
under the Notes.  The Notes will be solely obligations of the Issuer and, in particular, will not be obligations 
of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Shareholder Banks, the Originators, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other entity.  In the event of the Issuer defaulting on its obligations under the Notes, the Noteholders hold the 
benefit of priority of claim over the assets in the Cover Pool.  For further details of risks in relation to the 
Cover Pool, see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Notes generally" above.

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
THE NORWEGIAN ECONOMY, HOUSING AND MORTGAGE LOAN MARKETS 
Norwegian Economy 
Norway is a constitutional monarchy in northern Europe.  Norway is not a member of the European Union (a 
majority in two referendums held in 1978 and again in 1994 turned down EU membership), but is a member 
of the European Economic Area (and thus the European inner market). Norway is a founding member of the 
United Nations, NATO, the Council of Europe, the Antarctic Treaty and the Nordic Council; a member of the 
WTO and the OECD; and is also a part of the Schengen Area of passport free travel within Europe.  The 
country maintains a combination of market economy and a Nordic welfare model with universal health care 
and a comprehensive social security system. Norway has extensive reserves of petroleum, natural gas, 
minerals, lumber, seafood, fresh water and hydropower. The country has an independent currency (NOK) and 
a central bank (Norges Bank), which governs monetary policy according to an inflation target of 2 per cent.  
The country's population is approximately 5.4 million (approximately 2.5 million households) and has grown 
by approximately 0.6 per cent. five year compounded annual growth over the previous 5 years to year-end 
2021), (source: Statistics Norway).   
Private banks and mortgage institutions are the main suppliers of residential mortgage finance in Norway.  
Banks utilise the covered bond market to fund lending to households with approximately 54 per cent of 
residential mortgages transferred to their covered bond funding subsidiaries as of year-end 2021. 85 per cent. 
of Norwegian households carry some form of debt as of year-end 2020.  This share is relatively high in Norway 
because the population’s home ownership rate is also very high (approximately 82 per cent.).  Mortgage debt 
is the largest and most usual form of household indebtedness with smaller portions of student debt and 
unsecured debt. 
The oil and gas industry is the country’s largest industrial sector as measured by its share of overall value 
added production. While the oil and gas industry’s gross product (value added production) was approximately 
16.5 per cent of overall Norwegian production in 2021 it also naturally has an impact on demand in several 
industries from manufacturing to service industries. The price of oil generally has had implications for 
unemployment and growth rates in the Norwegian economy.   
Norway experienced a recession in 2020, the first since 2009, due to the Covid-19 pandemic and associated 
restrictions. The economy recovered through 2021 and into 2022. The recovery was aided by active fiscal and 
monetary policies.    
The chart below summarizes some of the key economic indicators and their development. 
 
Economic Indicators 
(real growth or level in per. cent) 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
GDP growth - mainland 
2.0 
2.2 
2.0 
-2.3 
4.2 
Household consumption growth 
2.7 
1.6 
1.1 
-6.6 
5.0 
Investment growth (business, housing, public 
sector) 
6.8 
1.5 
6.3 
-3.6 
0.8 
Investment growth offshore oil and gas 
-5.4 
0.7 
14.3 
-4.1 
-2.8 
Inflation rate (CPI) 
1.8 
2.7 
2.2 
1.3 
3.5 
Avg. 3-month NIBOR / avg. mortgage rate 
0.9/2.6 
1.1/2.7 
1.6/3.0 
0.7/2.6 
0.5/2.1 
Household savings ratio 
6.6 
5.9 
7.0 
14.2 
13.1 
Unemployment rate (survey) 
4.2 
3.8 
3.7 
4.6 
4.4 
HH sector real disp. income growth 
2.0 
1.0 
2.1 
2.0 
3.2 
Current account surplus / GDP 
5.5 
8.0 
2.9 
1.1 
15.3

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
Economic Indicators 
(real growth or level in per. cent) 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Gov. surplus (incl. Sov. Wealth Fund income) / 
GDP 
5 
9 
9 
-1 
-1 
Sovereign Wealth Fund / total GDP 
304 
281 
329 
359 
357 
Source: Statistics Norway, Norwegian Ministry of Finance, Norges Bank Investment Management. 
(numbers are subject to revision) 
The Norwegian Government Pension Fund Global 
Revenues from oil and gas activity are invested (via dividends from direct ownership and taxation) in the 
Norwegian Government Pension Fund Global (the Fund), a sovereign wealth fund.  The following information 
concerning the Fund is sourced from Norges Bank Investment Management, which manages the Fund. 
The Fund has a twofold purpose of smoothing out the spending of volatile oil revenues in government budgets, 
and acting as a long-term savings vehicle, allowing the Norwegian Government to accumulate financial assets 
to support large future financial commitments associated with an ageing population.  
The fiscal guidelines state that only expected long-run real returns on the Fund can be channelled into the 
government's annual budget outlays.  The long-run real rate of return is assumed to be 3 per cent. and this is 
thus the “spending rule” for the government’s budgets, i.e. this is the maximum possible amount of the Fund’s 
prior year size which may be withdrawn for spending in the following year.  Thus, even if government 
petroleum revenues should fall in the future, government spending can be maintained at the same level, 
according to the Ministry of Finance.  In practice, the Fund is also available to cushion the domestic economy 
against external shocks, which was the case with the additional fiscal spending following the events in the 
financial markets in 2008 and 2009 and again in 2020 and 2021 due to the Covid-19 pandemic.  The “spending 
rule” promulgates that within the economic cycle the average annual spend from the Fund should be within 
the spending rule. In 2020, the government spending from the Fund, as a share of the Fund’s size at the 
beginning of the year was an estimated 4.1 per cent and in 2021 at 3.8 per cent.  Due to the Fund’s existence, 
the Norwegian government does not typically borrow to fund its non-oil budget deficit, and there is hence no 
discussion regarding the strong credit rating of the Norwegian government (rated AAA/AAA/Aaa by Standard 
& Poors, Fitch and Moody’s). 
As of 31 December 2020, the market value of the Fund was approximately NOK 12,340 billion (approximately 
€1235 billion and U.S. $1,400 billion at spot exchange rates on December 31, 2021), according to Norges 
Bank Investment Management.  This makes the Fund one of the largest single-ownership funds in the world.  
The size of the Fund was approximately 357 per cent. of GDP (mainland Norway) at year-end 2021.  
Norway follows certain EU regulations  
Norway is not a member of the EU but it cooperates with the EU under the European Economic Area 
Agreement (EEA) and is as such a member of the EU inner market.  
Pursuant to this agreement, a significant proportion of EU rules are implemented in Norway, which means 
Norway is bound by the Acquis Communautaire and future EU directives and regulations, with the only 
exceptions being agriculture, fisheries, the oil and gas sector and taxation rules.  
Generally, Norwegian membership in the EEA means that Norwegian financial market regulations follow EU 
legislation and are thus in line with EU directives and regulations.  
National currency 
Norway has its own national currency, NOK and an independent central bank setting monetary policy.  The 
central bank’s mandate is to target an inflation rate of 2 per cent.  The bank’s main monetary policy rate is its

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
one-day deposit rate, at which commercial and savings banks can place funds, up to a volume limit, at the 
central bank. The deposit rate is currently 0.75 per cent. and was last increased from 0.0 per cent during the 
COVID pandemic in three steps from September 2021 March 2022.  The central bank reacted to the challenges 
brought on by the Covid-19 pandemic, and the subsequent strong recovery in the Norwegian economy (low 
unemployment rate and economic growth) as the pandemic phased out of its critical phase and all restrictions 
ended. 
Banking Sector 
A "sparebank" is a Norwegian savings bank as defined in the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and 
Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksloven)).  While savings banks used to be wholly self-owned institutions, predominately taking 
in customers savings and lending to households and small enterprises, today savings banks are universal banks 
offering a full suite of products and services to its customer base.  The savings bank represents the first and 
thus the oldest form of a bank in Norway. The first savings bank was formed in 1822, and there were more 
than 600 savings banks in the middle of the 20th century.  
The initial ownership of the savings bank in the 19th century was the community, which started the bank with 
capital as contributions from various sources, without specific ownership rights.  This model developed under 
laws and regulations over time, but the community character of a savings bank is still present today, with part 
of the modern savings bank equity base not belonging to individual investors.   
Many savings bank today have two types of ownership, internal or the old community capital and external 
equity capital (equity certificates) listed on the Euronext Oslo stock exchange. The Norwegian Act on Financial 
Undertakings sets out the details of which groups have voting rights with respect to a saving bank’s community 
capital (or internal capital).  The largest share of the voting rights at a banks’ general assembly belongs to 
‘internal’ constituents: customers and bank employees. In many cases a saving bank’s supervisory board and/or 
board of directors also consist of a few (always in a minority compared to customers and employees) officials 
from the local or regional public administrative bodies.  External equity holders (holding equity certificates) 
have their voting share and thus representation on a bank’s supervisory board limited to minimum 20 per cent. 
and maximum 40 per cent. of the total vote by law. Most savings banks have issued equity certificates and 27 
of these banks are listed and traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange (source: sparebankforeningen.no).  Savings 
banks have, with a law change in 2002, also had the possibility to be formed into limited liability stock 
companies.  The use of this option is rare, and there are conditions attached related to a foundation which shall 
maintain a certain per cent ownership in the bank.  
The internal capital consists of the retained earnings over time. Savings banks are important institutions in 
their local markets and operating areas.  Each savings bank has established a gift fund which annually grants 
funds for various community projects (this function may, and is now in many cases, also or predominantly 
handled by an outsourced sparebank foundation).  The annual gifts of a bank and/or its foundation is an 
expression of a community dividend in lieu of any direct economic benefit for the bank’s customers. Some 
banks are in the last few years also paying a dividend directly to their banking customers, in relation to the 
customer allocated share of the overall internal capital, in lieu of awarding gifts to societal or community 
projects.  
A savings bank is typically a retail bank, with mortgage lending to households the dominant part of its balance 
sheet.  An estimated 2/3rds of the balance sheet aggregated for all of the SpareBank 1 banks is lending to 
private households.   
The savings banks have consolidated over time and there are at the end of 2020 92 such institutions in Norway. 
There are two savings banks alliances: SpareBank 1 and the Eika alliance, in addition to several independent 
savings banks of varying size.  The SpareBank 1 Alliance is Norway’s 2nd largest financial group by lending 
market share and assets (source: SSB and the banks’ annual reporting)

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
Residential Real Estate 
Housing and Mortgage Sectors 
Demography  
According to Statistics Norway, the population of Norway, which was 5,425,270 persons as of 31 December 
2021, has grown by about 0.6 per cent. annually over the previous five years.  The growth rate has shifted 
slightly down lately, mainly related to less immigration into Norway and a slightly lower birth rate after 2016 
(source: Statistics Norway). 
There were 2,512,317 private households in Norway in 2021 as estimated by Statistics Norway.  
Approximately eight out of ten people live in urban areas.  The growth in the number of residents is particularly 
high in the largest urban centres (source: Statistics Norway). 
Approximately 82 per cent. of homes are owner-occupied in Norway.  In neighbouring Denmark and Sweden, 
the equivalent rate is lower (source: Statistics Norway).  Norwegian households have a long tradition of buying 
their home rather than renting and are thus familiar with mortgage debt (85 per cent. of households carry some 
form of debt, typically mortgage debt). 
The following chart illustrates residential dwellings by building type in Norway as of year-end 2020. 
 
Source: Statistics Norway 
House Prices 
House prices have generally been on a nominal upward trajectory over several years, but supported by income 
growth. Price developments nationally tend to be driven by changing demand dynamics in the larger cities, 
while supply is more stable and challenged by available space in desirable and central areas.   
Regulations exist on the mortgage market, limiting banks’ ability to lend.  After the regulations were tightened, 
effective from January 2017, house prices have been relatively flat through 2019.  With the interest rate 
decreases from the central bank in 2020, mortgages interest rates also materially declined, thus triggering 
stronger housing demand.  There may also be other factors, especially in the capital city Oslo, related to 
demographics and housing starts which have created an imbalance of demand over supply, and this could also 
have contributed to the strong price appreciation in 2020 and into early 2021.  Nationally, the house price 
index increased 8.7 per cent over 2020 and 9.7 per cent over the last 12 months through February 2021.  The 
price development in the capital was strongest, influencing the national index.  
The chart below sets out the development in the national house price index and its 12 months change over the 
previous several years:

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
Source: Eiendomsverdi, through February 2021 
Guidelines for mortgage lending to households were introduced in 2010 by FSAN and have been gradually 
tightened since. The rules became legally binding in 2015. The rules now in effect since January 2017 were 
reconfirmed in 2020 and are subject to future reviews by FSAN, with the Ministry of Finance setting the rules.  
The following rules apply until 31 December 2024, with the next review by the FSAN scheduled by the 
Ministry of Finance by October 2022: 
 
Loan to value: maximum 85 per cent for all mortgages and maximum 60 per cent for loans without 
instalments (revolving credit line mortgage loans); for a property located in Oslo, which is not a 
borrower’s primary residence, the maximum is 60 per cent.  
 
Repayment: a minimum 2.5 per cent per annum for loan to value mortgages at or above 60 per cent 
LTV 
 
Income limitation: total debt maximum is 5x a borrower’s before-tax income 
 
Stress test: applications must pass an affordability test of a 5 per cent increase over the prevailing 
(offered) mortgage rate 
 
Flexibility: 10 per cent of each lender’s mortgage lending contracts per quarter may be in breach with 
one or more of the limitations (8 per cent or up to NOK 10 million in Oslo), and must be reported.  
Registration of real property 
The ownership of real property in Norway is registered in a central register (Norwegian: Grunnboken) to 
which, among others, estate agents, lawyers, and banks have access.  The database is updated daily with 
information about, among other things, the owner, restrictions on use, and charges and encumbrances.  If a 
transaction is submitted for registration on one day, it will be registered in the database at the latest on the 
following working day. 
There is also a separate database of real estate, containing all information regarding property location and 
property borders, area, buildings and addresses (Norwegian: Matrikkelen).  Technical data about the property 
and all permits and applications concerning any property are registered here.  This database is also 
continuously updated. 
Housing Finance 
Banks’ and credit institutions’ (the latter are covered bond issuers) lending to households secured by residential 
real estate, totalled NOK 3,497 billion in January 2022. The private banks and covered bond issuers should be 
regarded collectively, since mortgage companies are owned by banks, which have an incentive to transfer a

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
mortgage loan for up to 75 per cent. of the appraised value of the dwelling to a mortgage company issuing 
covered bonds, thus benefiting from lower funding costs than the originator. 
Traditionally, most housing loans in Norway are based on variable or floating interest rates.  The interest rate 
is not directly linked to a quoted market rate, but is set individually by each bank generally based on the credit 
and customer relationship profile of the borrower, an evaluation of funding costs and market competition.  
Historically, housing loans with fixed interest rates are uncommon, but have grown in popularity in times when 
the mortgages interest rates are low and/or the fixed term mortgage interest rate curve is flat or negative.  Less 
than 10 per cent. of outstanding residential mortgage loans in Norway carry fixed interest rates (source: 
Statistics Norway). 
The following graph compares the annual average Norwegian Interbank Offer Rate and banks' lending rates 
for residential mortgages.  (source: Statistics Norway). 
 
Source:  Statistics Norway, Norwegian Central Bank 
Non-performing loans to households are generally a small portion of overall loans. When considering the 
aggregate write-off of mortgage debt in the largest four SpareBank 1 banks over the last several years, this has 
been between 1 and 3 basis points (weighted average of all the SpareBank 1 Alliance banks).   
Customers were helped during the pandemic with the possibility of requesting a postponement in upcoming 
scheduled mortgage repayments, which could be easily obtained based on the Covid-19 economic restrictions 
and unemployment.  As unemployment grew in March and April of 2020, many households requested this.  
During the summer of 2020, employment recovered substantially and at the end of 2020, repayment pauses 
were back to normal in the Issuer’s portfolio of mortgages.  From the start of its operations, the Issuer has not 
experienced a realized loss on a mortgage loan, and an extremely low number of defaults.   
For a Norwegian personal taxpayer, borrowing costs (that is, costs incurred in establishing, servicing and 
terminating a loan including, without limitation, all accrued interest costs) are deductible from taxable income.  
The applicable basic tax rate applicable is 22 per cent. 
Financial Situation of Households 
Like other Nordic countries, Norway has a well-functioning social safety net, a high level of unionisation and 
coordinated wage determination.  Coordinated wage determination has contributed to an even distribution of 
income and low unemployment in Norway.  
Unemployment benefits are generally 60 per cent. of a person's salary, but this is subject to a cap of six times 
the “basic amount”. The basic amount, which is used in many government and other contexts and calculations, 
is set by Parliament, changes annually and is currently NOK 106,399 (for 2021-2022).  The unemployed 
receive this benefit for a regular period of maximum 104 weeks (source: Statistics Norway).

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
Unemployment benefits could also help house owners meet their debt obligations, especially if, during 
temporary unemployment such as seen during the Covid-19 pandemic, a repayment schedule is postponed by 
the lender and only interest is required to be paid. This factor is believed to have contributed to no observed 
increase in the default rates on mortgages also during earlier periods of higher economic stress, such as for 
example during the 2014-16 oil price downturn, which led to higher unemployment rates.  
According to Statistics Norway, the average after-tax income for households was NOK 652,600 for 2020(latest 
data available) or 849,300 before tax. This is a figure inclusive of all sources of household income, including 
the redistributive policies of the taxation and social benefit programmes for the average household.   
According to Statistics Norway, 85.6 per cent. of households have some form of debt as of 2020, of which 
approximately 82 per cent. is residential mortgage debt.   
The following chart shows the distribution of debt multiples (debt to income) for various segments of 
households (2020 is the latest data available). The share of households with debt more than 3 times their gross 
income has increased moderately over the period shown in the chart. 
 
Source: Statistics Norway, Tax rolls  
Credit growth 
While the above data is based on tax rolls statistics for household, the national agency Statistics Norway 
collects the K2 Credit growth indicators which measures development in the credit volumes on a monthly basis 
and is based on banks and credit institutions and others’ reporting of data and transaction.  Growth in the K2 
indicator for Households have been strong in the recent years, but does not adjust for growth in the number of 
households in the economy. As the chart below illustrates the twelve-month credit growth rate has been 
trending down and was 4.9 per cent as of January 2021.  The residential mortgage regulations addressed further 
above has been aimed at reducing this credit growth rate in the household sector.  The latest pick-up in growth, 
evidenced in the latest points in the chart below, comes as a consequence of the lower interest rate and vibrant 
residential real estate market during 2020.   
The risk to financial stability from high household indebtedness levels is often highlighted by the central bank 
and bank regulators in Norway.    
12 months growth rate in credit to Households (through January 2022):

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
Source: Statistics Norway 
Total debt to households was 4,006 billion kroner as of year-end 2021.  Of this total, approximately 87 per 
cent was mortgage debt.  Other forms of debt would be student debt, other debt secured on real assets such as 
car loans, and unsecured debt   
Over the long term, the Norwegian household debt burden has increased and was on average 2.4 times 
household disposable income after tax at the end of 2020, which the following chart illustrates:  
Debt as percentage of household disposable income (disposable income is income after tax and interest costs): 
 
Source: Norwegian Central Bank, SSB 
The chart above also shows that the debt build-up in the household sector, relative to disposable income, has 
stagnated, which probably was achieved by the mortgage market regulations described further above.  
Regulators have expressed concerns about the increasing debt burden over the years shown in the chart above.  
Contributing to the build-up of debt has been the trend of lower interest rates, a trend which did start to reverse 
in Norway in 2018, with the Norwegian central bank raising rates four times from the autumn 2018. This 
reversed in March 2020 with the Covid-19 pandemic, with historic deep cuts in the policy rate to zero. Since 
September 2021, the policy rate was increased three times to 0.75 per cent as of March 2022.   
When considering the debt burden of Norwegian households it is important to realise that differences between 
countries make direct comparisons difficult.   
More than 82 per cent. of households own their own dwellings in Norway (one of the highest rates in the 
world), giving those households an "on-balance sheet" liability as opposed to the "off-balance-sheet" of rent 
commitments.  The Norwegian data is comprehensive and includes all debts from mortgages as well as other 
secured debts and unsecured debt.  Norwegian debt statistics are less likely than other countries' debt statistics 
to understate the amount of debt because of net wealth taxation.  Household debts are deducted from assets to 
arrive at a taxable net wealth figure, a focal point in the Norwegian tax reporting on which the statistics above 
are based.   
Norwegian government social spending finances important benefits such as pensions, healthcare, education, 
childcare, maternity and unemployment payments.  These are expenses Norwegian households, at a basic level, 
do not need to budget for and therefore households are able to carry a higher debt burden.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
Norway has also over the last three decades seen a much higher growth rate of household income compared 
to the cost of (mostly imported) necessities and food.  The household savings rate is positive, indicating that 
de-leveraging can take place in the Household sector.   
Residential Mortgages 
Traditionally mortgages are refinanced each time a property changes hands.  A borrower taking up a personal 
mortgage loan will be personally liable for the debt.  The borrower will continue to be liable for the debt until 
it has been fully repaid.  The borrower also remains liable for any outstanding debt if the relevant property has 
been sold without repayment in full of the outstanding debt.  
This also applies if a personal debtor files for bankruptcy.  If, following the closure of the bankruptcy 
proceedings a debtor becomes solvent, creditors are free to take renewed action to satisfy any claim, as long 
as the claim remains valid.  
The Bankruptcy Act provides for debt negotiations where, if relevant, a borrower may apply for final debt 
settlement in the case of severe debt burden.  However, the terms are usually very burdensome for the debtor, 
and final debt settlements under the Bankruptcy Act are relatively rare.  
Since residential secured debt is also personal recourse, borrowers have strong incentives to meet their debt 
obligations.  Even during the Nordic banking crisis in the early 1990s, although house prices decreased and 
unemployment rose, banks' losses from personal loans were limited. 
Limited Unsecured Lending 
Unsecured lending to individuals in Norway is limited but has grown in the last few years. New regulations 
have been brought in by the regulatory authorities in order to reduce the growth in such debt.  A new public 
debt registry for all unsecured debt started operations in 2019.  The purpose of this registry is to provide a 
complete and instant overview about a debt applicants sources of unsecured debt.  New regulations for 
consumer finance banks have also been brought in, with specific requirements and tests for granting such debt. 
According to Statistics Norway, unsecured debt was approximately NOK 148 billion within the household 
sector as of year-end 2021, less than 4 per cent of the sector’s overall debt. 
Tax incentives  
As with other forms of personal debt, the borrowing cost for mortgage debt is tax deductible, and the applicable 
rate is 22 per cent.  The general tax regime in Norway includes a wealth tax as well as income tax (the net 
worth taxation rate is currently 0.95 per cent. for net worth above a minimum threshold.  As opposed to other 
forms of liquid wealth (cash, securities etc.), real estate (especially owner-occupied) is assessed for tax 
purposes at a value that is significantly below its market value, creating some incentive to own real estate as 
an asset class.  There is no tax due on capital gains from the sale of a residential property after owner-occupancy 
of a minimum of one year during the last two years before a sale.   
Maturities and refinancing 
Mortgage loans are usually written with a 25-year maturity, but may be both shorter and longer in tenor.  There 
is no prepayment penalty on floating interest rate loans and it is also easy for customers to move their 
mortgages to other banking institutions.  Mortgage refinancing is common, for instance in connection with 
buying a new home, home improvements or taking out a mortgage to buy a new car.  This practice requires 
frequent credit assessment, which again will maintain the quality of the pool. 
Origination based on sound credit assessment 
When Norwegian banks assess mortgage applications, the primary focus is on the applicant's debt servicing 
capacity and ability.  Most banks use models to estimate the borrower's cash flow after living and financing

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
expenses.  In addition, the banks must perform stress tests on the applicant's capability and ability to repay 
their debt if the interest rate were to increase (by 5 per cent).   
The lender is also obliged, pursuant to the Financial Contracts Act, to dissuade customers in writing, before 
entering into the contract, if the lender concludes that the financial capacity or other circumstances of the 
borrower indicate that he/she should seriously consider refraining from taking the loan.  This ensures a 
conservative underwriting policy. 
Transparent information about individuals 
The legal environment in Norway gives financial undertakings access to important information about potential 
and current borrowers.  This allows for detailed insight into the applicant's financial status and behaviour, thus 
further ensuring the quality of the credit assessment. 
The banks retrieve certain data from credit information agencies regarding the applicant including: 
● 
Tax records for the last three years (taxable income, taxes paid, net taxable wealth, marital status etc.); 
● 
Any debt collection outstanding (in the preceding three years); 
● 
Directorships; and 
● 
Any bankruptcy. 
The records also reveal whether the applicant pays his or her bills (electricity, phone, etc.) as failure to do so 
would be included in the debt collection outstanding.  Together with internal payment history, information 
from the applicant and the external data provide in-depth understanding about the applicant's financial 
behaviour and the likelihood of default on the applied mortgage (subject to legal restrictions on the retention 
of personal data).  A debt registry encompassing sources of debt (other than secured mortgage debt in the first 
instance) for each individual and/or household borrower is about to come into existence in Norway.  A law 
opening for the establishment of one or more debt information agencies was introduced and approved by 
Parliament in the spring of 2017 and came into effect on 1 November 2017. 
Assessment of the properties 
The Norwegian covered bond legislation requires that residential properties are valued at a prudent market 
value.  The most common method to establish a market value is to either consider comparative sale prices of 
similar properties in the same area or use an authorised external appraiser.  
In Norway, most real property is sold through authorised real estate agents.  They have undergone special 
training to conduct estate agency, and are subject to strict authorisation rules and strict control routines on the 
part of the authorities.  The estate agent may also give a valuation of the property, but in most cases they will 
use a professional appraiser.  
Normally real estate is sold through an open bid process.  The price will then reflect the true market valuation 
of the property.  
AVM Company 
Most Norwegian banking groups make extensive use of Eiendomsverdi AS as an Automated Valuation Model 
company for estimating market values of residential real estate and indexing the values in accordance with 
subsequent development in the residential real estate market.  The estimations are based on a complex 
valuation model.  
The database for this model is updated on a daily basis with information received from the governmental 
Norwegian Land Registry and 95 per cent. of the real estate agencies in Norway (in terms of volume the

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
percentage is higher).  In principle all residential properties (of which there are more than 2 million) are 
included in the database, which was established in 2000.   
Eiendomsverdi AS is owned by DNB Bank, Nordea, SpareBank 1 Gruppen and Eika Boligkreditt with a 25% 
share each. 
Monitoring of originated residential mortgages 
When mortgages are granted, most Norwegian banks update their internal rating of customers on a monthly 
basis.  The purpose is to identify if there are any changes in the portfolio quality, and if any remedial action 
has to be implemented. 
Furthermore, most Norwegian covered bond issuers update the valuations of the properties in the portfolio on 
a quarterly basis, and this is also the case for the Issuer.  This update is based on estimates from Eiendomsverdi 
AS.  
Due to the richness and granularity in their database (essentially all residential property sales in Norway are 
recorded within one week into the database), the estimates from the Eiendomsverdi model are generally 
perceived as robust, although as a desktop model it does not take into account certain features specific to the 
property concerned.

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
(OBLIGASJONER MED FORTRINNSRETT)  
The following is a brief overview of certain features of Norwegian law governing the issuance of covered 
bonds in Norway, at the date of this Base Prospectus.  The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a 
complete description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to 
covered bonds.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the issue of covered bonds in 
Norway is Chapter 11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups 
of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) 
(the Act) and Chapter 11, Subsection I of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial 
Undertakings and Financial Groups (forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations) (the Act and the Regulations together, the Legislation). 
On 17 December 2021, the Ministry of Finance published a legislative proposal on the implementation of the 
EU Covered Bond Rules. The legislative proposal is based on a consultative paper published by the FSAN on 
13 January 2020, and is intended to take effect no later than 8 July 2022. However, it is uncertain whether the 
EU Covered Bond Rules will be implemented in the Norwegian legislation by 8 July 2022. Certain regulations 
which are needed to complete the Norwegian implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules are still 
outstanding. Moreover, the EU Covered Bond Rules are not yet implemented in the Agreement on the 
European Economic Area. 
Implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules will impose new requirements on the Issuer such as, inter alia, 
a new liquidity buffer requirement of 180 days and objective requirements for exercise of extendable maturity 
(aka 'soft bullet') rights by the Issuer.  
Legislation 
Under the Legislation, certain Norwegian credit institutions which meet the general definitions of a Financial 
Undertaking (finansforetak) and Credit Institution (kredittforetak) contained in the Act, and whose articles 
of association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements may issue covered bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett).  The Act defines Credit Institutions as non-banking Financial Undertakings who receive 
repayable assets other than deposits from the public and grant commercial credits and guarantees in its own 
name). Credit Institutions must hold a licence issued by the Ministry of Finance (or by the FSAN pursuant to 
delegation) in order to conduct business as a Credit Institution.  However, they are not required to obtain any 
specific governmental licence or approval in order to issue covered bonds, save that they must notify the FSAN 
no less than 30 days in advance of their first issuance of covered bonds. 
The Issuer is a "kredittforetak" (as defined by the Act), has received the required Credit Institution licence, 
and has adapted its articles of association to meet the mandatory requirements, and consequently may issue 
covered bonds. 
In the legislative proposal, the Ministry of Finance introduces the term covered bond programmes (in 
Norwegian: OMF-programmer), in line with the Covered Bond Directive. The Ministry of Finance has 
proposed that each covered bond programme will need to be approved by the FSAN before any issuances can 
be made under such programme, notwithstanding the covered bond issuer’s existing license as a covered bond-
issuing Credit Institution. 
The Legislation provides that holders of covered bonds (and also counterparties under derivative contracts 
entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of 
claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves, over a pool of certain security assets (the Cover Pool).  Under 
Norwegian law, an issuer of bonds, such as an issuer of covered bonds, must register the bonds in paperless 
book-entry form by registration in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS) or another central securities depository which is 
properly authorised or recognised by the FSAN as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to Regulation

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
(EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR), unless such bonds are either (i) denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside 
of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered 
or sold outside of Norway.  
The Covered Bond Directive requires that the exercise of any extendable maturity triggers in covered bonds 
(aka "soft bullets") must be subject to objective triggers specified in national law, and not be at the discretion 
of the Credit Institution issuing the covered bonds. The Ministry of Finance has not yet determined the 
objective triggers to apply in the Norwegian legislation. The FSAN has published a proposal of objective 
triggers, which was submitted to a hearing by the Ministry of Finance, with a deadline for comments of 20 
May 2022. 
The Register 
The Credit Institution must maintain a register (the Register) of the issued covered bonds, the related 
derivative agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and derivative agreements.  In 
accordance with the Legislation, a Credit Institution may establish a separate Register for the issue of covered 
bonds relating to a different Cover Pool.  If there is more than one Cover Pool, the Credit Institution must 
identify which Cover Pool a covered bondholder will hold a preferential claim against.  Where a Credit 
Institution has made two or more issues of covered bonds which have a preferential claim against different 
Cover Pools, derivative agreements and substitute assets shall be held in separate accounts for each Cover 
Pool. 
Each Register relating to a Cover Pool must at all times contain detailed information on, amongst other things, 
the assets included in the Cover Pool, and the covered bonds and derivative agreements associated with the 
Cover Pool.  Consequently, each Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes in relevant 
information.  
Such registration is not in itself conclusive evidence of the contents of the Cover Pool pertaining to the covered 
bonds, but shall, according to the preparatory works to the Norwegian covered bond legislation, serve as strong 
evidence. 
Benefit of a prioritised claim 
Pursuant to the Act, if a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration 
or is liquidated, the holders of covered bonds issued by the Credit Institution and the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements entered into by the Credit Institution will have an exclusive, equal and pro rata 
prioritised claim against the Cover Pool. The prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other claims, save for 
claims relating to the fees and expenses of the public administration board.  According to the provisions of 
section 6-4 of the Norwegian Liens Act of 1980 no. 2 and section 11-15 of the Act, a future public 
administration board of the Credit Institution will have a first priority lien over all of the assets included in the 
Cover Pool, as security for fees and expenses incurred by the public administration board in connection with 
the administration of the Credit Institution.  Such statutory lien will rank ahead of the claims of holders of 
covered bonds and of the counterparties to the relevant derivative agreements, but will, however, be limited to 
700 times the standard Norwegian court fee (which at present equals NOK 856,100) in respect of each Cover 
Pool.  Payment of expenses for operation, management recovery and realisation of the Cover Pool may also 
be demanded before the covered bondholders and counterparties to the relevant derivative agreements receive 
payment from the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act, claims of the holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties 
to the relevant derivative agreements against a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds will rank 
ahead of claims of all other creditors of the Credit Institution with respect to the Cover Pool (save for the 
priority described above granted to a public administration board in respect of fees and expenses).  
Pursuant to the Act, loans and receivables included in the Cover Pool may not be assigned, pledged, or made 
subject to any set-off, attachment, execution or other enforcement proceedings.  However, an exemption

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
regarding the prohibition against set-off has been made in relation to derivative agreements, as further 
described in the Regulations.  
Cover Pool composition of assets  
Pursuant to the Act, the Cover Pool may only consist of certain assets, which include loans secured by various 
types of Mortgages, loans granted to or guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (Public Sector Loans), 
receivables in the form of certain derivative agreements and substitute assets.  
The Mortgages may include residential mortgages or mortgages over other title documents relating to 
residence (Residential Mortgages) as well as mortgages over other real property (Commercial Mortgages 
and, together with the former, Mortgages).  The real property and the registered assets which serve as security 
for the loans included in the Cover Pool must be located in a member state of either the European Economic 
Area (EEA) or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) which has a minimum 
credit rating of Credit Quality Step 2.  
Public Sector Loans must be either guaranteed or issued by governmental bodies which, in addition to 
belonging to a member state of either the EEA or the OECD, must meet certain additional requirements under 
the Regulations. 
Substitute assets may only consist of particularly liquid and secure claims and are as a main rule subject to a 
limit of 20 per cent. of the total value of the Cover Pool.  However, under certain circumstances, and for a 
limited period of time only, the FSAN may approve an increase in the mentioned limit to 30 per cent. of the 
total value of the Cover Pool. The substitute assets must also meet certain risk category requirements under 
the Regulations in order to be included among the assets which form the basis for the value calculation of the 
Cover Pool.  
The Cover Pool will not contain Asset-Backed Securities that do not comply with Article 80(1) of 
ECB/2014/60. 
Loan to value ratios (and other restrictions) 
Pursuant to the Regulations, when calculating the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured 
by Mortgages, the following loan to value requirements apply to Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured 
by Mortgages: 
1. 
Loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall not exceed 75 per cent. of the value of the property; and 
2. 
Loans secured by Commercial Mortgages shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the property. 
Should a loan secured by Mortgages exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the 
permitted limit may be included in the Cover Pool. 
There is no restriction with regard to the proportion of the Cover Pool which may be represented by Residential 
Mortgages or Commercial Mortgages.  According to the Act, the value of substitute assets may not exceed 20 
per cent. of the value of the Cover Pool. According to the Regulations, the proportion of the Cover Pool 
represented by Public Sector Loans and receivables in the form of derivative agreements may vary, depending 
on the risk category pertaining to the relevant assets.  
Additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming part of 
the Cover Pool are set out in the Regulations.  In order to qualify for inclusion in the Cover Pool all legislative 
requirements must be met.  However, if the Cover Pool assets at a later stage cease to meet the requirements 
of the Act and/or the Regulations in relation to ratios, risk categories or proportion limits, such assets may 
nevertheless form part of the Cover Pool, but will be excluded from the calculation (which is required by the 
Act and described below) of the value of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
CRR Art. 129 nr. 1, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, allows for inclusion of Residential Mortgages 
with a loan to value ratio up to 80 per cent. The Ministry of Finance has proposed to amend the Act accordingly, 
so that the maximum loan to value ratio for Loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall increase from 75 
per cent. to 80 per cent. 
Overcollateralisation and valuations 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Legislation requires that the value of the Cover Pool at all times must 
exceed by at least 2 per cent. of the aggregate value of covered bonds issued by the Credit Institution (taking 
into account the effects of relevant derivative contracts). The Ministry of Finance is entitled under the Act to 
pass regulations stipulating the minimum Overcollateralisation.   
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured mortgages is required to be 
made on a prudent basis, and such prudent value may not exceed the market value of each individual asset.  
The estimation of the value is required to be made by a competent and independent person (i.e. a person without 
involvement in the credit granting process) and be documented, and such documentation is required to include 
information on who performed the calculation and the principles on which the calculation was based.  The 
value of residential real property may, however, be based on generally applicable price levels, when this is 
considered justifiable based on the market situation.  
Defaulted loans shall be disregarded for purposes of the valuation, and loans provided to one single customer 
or secured by the same real estate property shall never count in excess of 5 per cent. of the aggregate balance 
of a cover pool.   
The value of derivative agreements and substitute assets included in the Cover Pool shall be set by calculating 
the prudent market value of such assets, and in some cases by calculating the discounted present value of the 
asset. The FSAN may impose rules about the discount interest to be applied. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain amendments to Art. 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
requires that covered bond cover pools shall be subject to a minimum level of 5 per cent. of 
overcollateralisation. Member states of the European Union (and, following the incorporation of Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2160 into the Agreement on the European Economic Area, member states of the EEA) may set a 
lower minimum level of overcollateralisation for covered bonds, but no lower than 2 per cent. based on the 
nominal principle. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unknown whether the minimum 
Overcollateralisation will change in connection with the implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules. 
Balance and liquidity requirements 
In order to ensure compliance with the abovementioned overcollateralisation requirement, each Credit 
Institution issuing covered bonds is required to establish systems for continued control of the development of 
the value of the Cover Pool assets, and to monitor the development of the relevant market situations.  If 
developments in the market situation or in the situation pertaining to an individual asset so warrants, the Credit 
Institution is required to ensure that a renewed calculation of the value is performed.  
The Act requires that the Credit Institution ensures that the cash flow from the Cover Pool at all times is 
sufficient to enable the Credit Institution to discharge its payment obligations towards the holders of covered 
bonds and counterparties under relevant derivative agreements.  The Credit Institution must also establish a 
liquidity reserve which shall be included in the Cover Pool and must also determine a reasonable limit to its 
interest rate risk exposure based on its equity and subordinated capital and potential losses in connection with 
changes in applicable interest rates. The limit shall apply in relation to each Cover Pool and to the Credit 
Institution as a whole. The ratio for each Cover Pool shall not exceed the level of interest rate risk applicable 
to the Credit Institution as a whole.   
Under the Covered Bond Directive, the cover pool liquidity buffer shall cover the maximum cumulative net 
liquidity outflow over the next 180 days. It can only consist of assets that qualify as level 1, level 2A or level 
2B assets. Furthermore, the Credit Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
liquidity outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (LCR 
Regulation). 
In connection with the implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules into Norwegian law, the Ministry of 
Finance proposed to change the term "liquidity reserve" to "liquidity buffer", in line with the terminology in 
the Covered Bond Directive.  
The Ministry of Finance has proposed to coordinate the liquidity coverage requirement under the LCR 
Regulation with the liquidity buffer under the Covered Bond Directive, in order to avoid a "double" liquidity 
requirement on covered bond issuers. 
Inspector (Cover Pool Monitor) 
An independent inspector (the Inspector) shall be appointed by the FSAN prior to a Credit Institution issuing 
any covered bonds. The Inspector is required to monitor the Register, and shall review the Issuer's compliance 
with the Act's provisions relating to the Register, including those which govern the composition and the 
balance of the Cover Pool. Under the Covered Bond Directive, the Inspector is appointed by the covered bond 
issuer and the Ministry of Finance has proposed to amend the Norwegian legislation accordingly. Moreover, 
the Ministry of Finance has proposed to change the term "Inspector" to "Cover Pool Monitor" in line with the 
terminology in the Covered Bond Directive. 
The Credit Institution is required to give the Inspector all relevant information pertaining to its business.  The 
Inspector must be granted access to the Register, and may also request additional information.  The Inspector 
may perform inspections of the Credit Institution, and shall at least every three months determine if the 
requirements of sections 11-11 and 11-13 of the Act are complied with. In connection with the Norwegian 
implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules, the Ministry of Finance has proposed to expand the scope of 
the conditions to be monitored by the Cover Pool Monitor.  
Furthermore, the Inspector shall submit annual reports of observations and assessments to the FSAN. The 
Covered Bond Directive does not allow a covered bond issuer’s external auditor to be appointed as Inspector 
and the Ministry of Finance has proposed an amendment to reflect this. The Ministry of Finance has also 
proposed to amend the current legislation to impose certain investor information and reporting duties on Credit 
Institutions operating as covered bond issuers. 
Cover Pool administration in the event of public administration and winding-up of the Issuer 
Credit Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may be placed under public administration if the 
conditions for resolution are otherwise met but the Ministry of Finance does not consider that resolution would 
be in the public interest.  Public administration requires that the institution's former governing bodies are 
replaced by a public administration board (the Board) which assumes control over the institution.  The Board 
main task will be to liquidate the institution and distribute its assets to the creditors.  
Public administration of the Credit Institution does not in itself give the right to accelerate claims.  
If a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration pursuant to the 
Act, and the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, the Board shall ensure that, to 
the extent possible, the holders of covered bonds and counterparties to relevant derivative agreements receive 
timely payment of their respective claims, such payments being made from the Cover Pool for the duration of 
the administration of the Credit Institution.  
If the Board is unable to make timely payments to the covered bondholders or the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements, the Board must set a date for a halt to payments, and inform interested parties of this 
as soon as possible.  If a halt to payments is initiated, the further administration of the Credit Institution will 
be conducted in accordance with general Norwegian bankruptcy legislation.  The covered bondholders and 
counterparties to relevant derivative agreements will in such event continue to have a prioritised claim against 
the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of Noteholders and counterparties to related derivative agreements will

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
remain claims against the Credit Institution, but will rank pari passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated 
creditors of the Credit Institution.

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached, 
or registered form, without interest coupons or talons attached, or in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated 
book-entry form. 
Bearer Notes will be issued in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes may be issued both in offshore transactions to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by 
Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note without interest 
coupons or talons attached (a Temporary Global Note) which will: 
(i) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms (the applicable Final Terms), be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the 
Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing 
system. 
Bearer Notes will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Bearer Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Bearer Global Note will be the aggregate from time to time entered in the records of both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
expression in such Bearer Global Note means the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of each such customer's interest in the Notes) will be 
conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note and, for such 
purposes, a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, stating that 
the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note at any time will be conclusive evidence 
of the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg at that time, as the case may be. 
Upon delivery of a Temporary Bearer Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other agreed clearing system will credit purchasers with nominal amounts of Notes of the relevant Tranche 
equal to the nominal amounts thereof for which they have paid. 
While any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not in NGN 
form) only outside the United States and its possessions to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) 
to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by United States Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent (the Principal Paying Agent). 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for 
interests in a permanent global note without interest coupons or talons attached (a Permanent Global Note 
and, together with the Temporary Global Notes, the Bearer Global Notes and each a Bearer Global Note) of

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject, in the case of Bearer Definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled 
to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
Bearer Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made outside 
the United States and its possessions and through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is 
not intended to be issued in NGN form), without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will not specify that a Permanent Global Note is exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole, for Bearer Definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event.   
Exchange Event means that (i) in the case of Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary or in the name of a nominee for common safekeeper, as the 
case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no successor or alternative clearing system is available, (ii) in the case of both Bearer 
Global Notes and Registered Global Notes, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders of each Series of Bearer Global Notes in accordance with Condition 
12 of the Ordinary Note Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the Issuer may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or 
Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar requesting 
exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Bearer Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than one year and on all talons and interest coupons relating to such Permanent 
Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to above generally provide that United States persons (as defined for U.S. federal tax 
purposes), with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, talons or interest 
coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or 
payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes, talons or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of Note issued by the Issuer and vice versa. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes:

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
“BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
PURCHASER OR HOLDER ACQUIRES THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
INTEREST THEREIN) THROUGH TO AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER 
OR TRANSFEREE DISPOSES OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
INTEREST THEREIN), THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, (I) AN 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), THAT IS SUBJECT TO 
TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
SUBJECT TO ERISA OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (EACH OF THE 
FOREGOING, A PLAN), OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN WHICH IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE, OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE OR, IN THE CASE OF SUCH A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, A 
VIOLATION OF ANY SUCH SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-
U.S. LAW OR REGULATION) FOR WHICH AN EXEMPTION IS NOT AVAILABLE. 
IF THE HOLDER HEREOF IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A PLAN, IT WILL BE FURTHER 
DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (I) NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY 
OTHER PARTY TO THE TRANSACTIONS REFERRED TO IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS, NOR ANY 
OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION 
OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING 
THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN (PLAN FIDUCIARY), HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS 
DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES, AND THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT 
AS A FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE 
CODE, TO THE PLAN OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLAN'S 
ACQUISITION OF THE NOTES, AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION." 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
persons who are not U.S. persons in offshore transactions, will initially be represented by a global note in 
registered form (a Registered Global Note).   
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date 
(as defined in Condition 4(d) of the Ordinary Note Conditions) as the registered holder of the Registered Global 
Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 4(d) of the Ordinary Note Conditions) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Registered Definitive Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
Exchange Event.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders of each Series of Registered Global 
Notes in accordance with Condition 12 of the Ordinary Note Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any registered holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of Exchange Event, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
The following legend will appear on all Registered Notes: 
“BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED, ON EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
PURCHASER OR HOLDER ACQUIRES THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
INTEREST THEREIN) THROUGH TO AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE PURCHASER 
OR TRANSFEREE DISPOSES OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
INTEREST THEREIN), THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, (I) AN 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), THAT IS SUBJECT TO 
TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
SUBJECT TO ERISA OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (EACH OF THE 
FOREGOING, A PLAN), OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN WHICH IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE, OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE 
OR RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE OR, IN THE CASE OF SUCH A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, A 
VIOLATION OF ANY SUCH SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-
U.S. LAW OR REGULATION) FOR WHICH AN EXEMPTION IS NOT AVAILABLE. 
IF THE HOLDER HEREOF IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A PLAN, IT WILL BE FURTHER 
DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (I) NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY 
OTHER PARTY TO THE TRANSACTIONS REFERRED TO IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS, NOR ANY 
OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION 
OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING 
THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN (PLAN FIDUCIARY), HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS 
DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES, AND THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT 
AS A FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE 
CODE, TO THE PLAN OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLAN'S 
ACQUISITION OF THE NOTES, AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION." 
Transfer of Interests 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. Legal title to 
the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS.  On the issue of such VPS

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
VPS Agent (the VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form 
of a Final Terms supplement attached thereto.  On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant 
Final Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account 
details by the relevant Dealer, the account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing 
account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two 
Oslo Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes 
will only take place in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 
no. 6 (the CSD Act), which implements Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian law, any 
regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended 
or replaced from time to time. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of Note issued by the Issuer and vice versa.  
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes"), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form 
a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which case (if the Notes are intended to be listed) a new Prospectus will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will notify the ICSDs and the Paying Agents upon issue whether the Notes are intended, 
or are not intended, to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and in the case of registered Notes, registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper).  Where the Notes are not intended to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper upon issuance, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such as that the Notes are capable of meeting such criteria, the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Where the Notes are so deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and in the case of registered Notes, registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as a common safekeeper) upon issuance or otherwise, this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at issuance or at any time during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Dated [] 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300M6HRHPF3NQBP83 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €35,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Ordinary Note Conditions] 
[VPS Conditions] set out in the prospectus dated 26 April 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the prospectus dated 
[] [and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  
The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Euronext Dublin) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Ordinary Note Conditions] 
[VPS Conditions] (the Conditions) set out in the prospectus dated [30 August 2007/14 August 2008/27 August 
2009/18 October 2010/23 May 2011/26 June 2012/16 April 2013/15 April 2014/23 April 2015/10 June 2016/6 
June 2017/6 June 2018/10 April 2019/20 April 2020/20 April 2021] which was a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended by Directive 2010/73/EU).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] and [date]], which [together] constitutes[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes 
listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin) the applicable 
Final Terms will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com).] 
 
1. 
Series Number: 
[] 
2. 
[(i) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(ii) 
Series with which Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series with the Series specified 
above: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on []/[the Issue 
Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note for interest in the Permanent Bearer Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below [which, is 
expected to occur on or about [date]] 
[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000] (or 
equivalent in another currency).  No notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000] (or equivalent in another 
currency)] 
[N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [] 
9. 
Extended Final Maturity Date:  
[]/[Not Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]/ 
 
 
[[Specify particular reference rate] +/- [] per cent. 
per annum Floating Rate] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]/[Redemption at [] per cent. of 
the nominal amount] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [15] [16] applies and for the period from 
(and including) [date] to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [15] [16] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained:] 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this item 15) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year from (and including) [] up to and 
including the [Final Maturity Date]/[Extended Due 
for Payment Date, if applicable], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out below 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/ [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this item 16) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in sub-paragraph 
(ii) below/, not subject to adjustment as the Business 
Day Convention in sub-paragraph (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/ ]/[        ] (the “Calculation 
Agent”) 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
relevant financial centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[] 
month 
[currency] 
[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CITA]/[EONIA]/[
STIBOR]/[Compounded Daily SONIA]/[SARON 
Compounded]

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
Relevant 
financial 
centre: 
[London]/[Brussels]/[Oslo]/[Copenhagen]/[Zurich] 
 
− 
Term Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Overnight Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If “Index Determination” is “Not Applicable”, 
delete “Relevant Number” and complete the 
remaining bullets below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets below 
will each be “Not Applicable”) 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days]  [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent)  
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date (s): 
[     ] [TARGET/[      ]] Business Days [in [      ]] prior 
to the [      ] day in each Interest Period/each Interest 
Payment Date][The [first/[      ]] [London Banking 
Day]/[TARGET Business Day] / [The [first/[])][      ]] 
Banking Day falling after the last day of the relevant 
Observation Period (where “[City] Banking Day” 
means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [City])][      ] 
 
(For EURIBOR: Second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period)  
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[]

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual [(ISDA)]]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/ 
 
 
[Actual/360]/ 
 
 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this item 17) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
18. 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this item 18) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note:  
[] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:  
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable on or 
after the Exchange Date for a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Bearer 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]]/ 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry form] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made]/[No] 
25. 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Not applicable]/[The provisions of [Ordinary Note 
Condition 4(i)][VPS Condition 4(f)] apply] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin.]/[Oslo Stock 
Exchange] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the [Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin]/[Regulated Market of the 
Oslo Stock Exchange] with effect from []. 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are 
expected to be rated]: 
 
[Moody's:]  
 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial 
transactions with and may perform other services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
(iii) 
CFI 
[] 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
(iv) 
FISN 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
CINS Code: 
[] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[Euronext VPS, Norway. 
VPS identification number: []].   
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
(ix) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No.  While the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general corporate purposes, will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORDINARY NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes (the Ordinary Note Conditions) which will 
be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Ordinary Note Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of the 
content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Ordinary Note Conditions are governed by English law save as to Condition 2(a) of such Ordinary Note 
Conditions, which is governed by Norwegian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law, Norwegian law or administrative practice in England or Norway 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially and adversely impact the value 
of any Ordinary Notes affected by it. 
The Notes are covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS (with 
the parallel trade name SpareBank 1 Covered Bonds Company) (the Issuer) in accordance with Chapter 11, 
Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 
(lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven) (the Act) and Chapter 11, 
Subsection I of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups 
(forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the 
Regulations).  This Ordinary Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Ordinary Notes shall be references to the Ordinary Notes of this Series and shall 
mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Ordinary Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of the lowest 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms (Specified Denomination) in the currency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (Specified Currency); 
(ii) 
any Global Note;  
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Definitive Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Definitive Notes) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Note in registered form).  
The Ordinary Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 30 August 2007 and made between, among others, the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any additional or successor registrar), 
and as transfer agent (the Transfer Agent. 
Interest bearing Bearer Definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which 
when issued in definitive form have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do 
not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
The Final Terms for this Ordinary Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Ordinary Note which complete these Ordinary Note Conditions and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
these Ordinary Note Conditions, replace or modify these Ordinary Note Conditions for the purposes of this 
Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) which are attached to or endorsed on this Ordinary Note. 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Ordinary Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Ordinary Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the 
Ordinary Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Ordinary Notes represented by a Global Note, be 
construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Ordinary Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such 
Deed of Covenant, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 30 August 2007 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the other Paying Agents and 
the Transfer Agent (together referred to as the Agents).  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the specified registered office of each of the Issuer and of the Principal Paying Agent. If the 
Ordinary Notes are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (live.euronext.com). If this Ordinary Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable 
by an Ordinary Noteholder holding one or more such Ordinary Notes and such Ordinary Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Ordinary 
Notes and identity.  The Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in these Ordinary Note Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Ordinary Note Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Ordinary Notes are in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or registered form (Registered Notes), and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s).  Ordinary Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Ordinary 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or any other form of note issued by the 
Issuer, and vice versa.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
This Ordinary Note may be a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Ordinary Note may be a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Bearer Definitive Notes with, where applicable interest coupons 
and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  A Registered Global Note will 
be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Registered Definitive Notes without 
interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
Exchange Event means that (i) in the case of Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available, or (ii) in the case of both Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders of each Series of Bearer Global Notes in accordance with Condition 12 below if an 
Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) or the Issuer may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Bearer Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached.  Bearer Definitive Notes will also be issued 
with Talons attached, if applicable and specified in the Final Terms. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement.  The Issuer, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Ordinary Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Ordinary Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer, Principal Paying Agent, and any other Paying Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Ordinary Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Ordinary Notes, for which purpose, in the case 
of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or, in the 
case of a Registered Global Note, the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Bearer 
Global Note or Registered Global Note, as the case may be, and the expressions Noteholders and 
holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  Notes which are represented

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
by a Bearer Global Note or a Registered Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
except in relation to Notes in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE ORDINARY NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
(a) 
Status of the Ordinary Notes 
The Ordinary Notes of each Tranche constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have 
been provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool in accordance with the terms of the Act 
and the Regulations. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act and the 
Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined below) with 
respect to the Notes as well as any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer and derivative contracts 
having recourse to such Cover Pool shall at all times be a minimum of 102 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer having recourse to 
such Cover Pool (taking into account the effect of the relevant derivative contracts) 
(Overcollateralisation). 
To the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is stipulated to apply by any applicable 
Norwegian legislation from time to time, such a level of overcollateralisation shall be the minimum 
level of Overcollateralisation required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2(b). 
There is no obligation for the Issuer to maintain any particular rating in respect of the Ordinary Notes 
throughout the term of the Notes or select a higher Overcollateralisation percentage in order to 
maintain a rating.  In particular, if any of the credit ratings assigned to the Notes are reduced, removed, 
suspended or placed on credit watch, the Issuer shall not be obliged to select a higher 
Overcollateralisation percentage.  For the avoidance of doubt, recourse to the Cover Pool, and any 
additional overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool, is available for inter alios all Noteholders (including 
holders of existing Notes and new Notes) and counterparties to any relevant derivative contracts. 
3. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Ordinary Note Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these Ordinary Note Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Ordinary Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Ordinary Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on 
either:

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls within the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, within the 
specified period after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Ordinary Note Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (ii) 
in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Ordinary Note Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation, any Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro,

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
a day on which Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and “Term Rate” are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be “Applicable” as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily 
SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 3(d) 
and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.  If five

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in 
the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate - Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) 
“Screen Rate Determination” and “Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”; (2) 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” 
to be “Not Applicable”. 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment during the Interest Period (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in (i) where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or (ii) where in the applicable Final Terms "Observation Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
do is (i) where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (ii) where in the applicable Final Terms "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day to, and including, the last London Banking Day (i) where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest Accrual

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
Period or (ii) where in the applicable Final Terms "Observation Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
n, for any London Banking Day, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due; 
p is (i) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London Banking 
Days); or (ii) where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the 
“Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five London Banking Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for (i) where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate for the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i" or (ii) where in the applicable Final Terms "Observation Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method, the SONIA reference rate for the London 
Banking Day "i". 
If, where any Rate of Interrest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) 
above, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA 
reference rate is required to be determinded, such SONIA reference rate is not made 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as: (1) the sum of 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5:00 PM (London 
time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); or (2) if the Bank Rate under (1)(i) above is not 
available at the relevant time, either (i) the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors)

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the SONIA reference 
rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (ii) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined 
under (1) above, and, in each case, references to "SONIA reference rate) in Condiiton 
3(b)(ii)(C) above shall be construed accordingly. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which 
the Rate of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period); or 
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the 
first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination where the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded  
(i) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
SARON Compounded, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be SARON Compounded with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Swiss Paying Agent. 
(ii) SARON Compounded means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)(iv) and Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)(vi), the rate 
determined by the Swiss Paying Agent on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
[∏(1 + SARONi 𝑥 ni
360
) −1
db
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
 
where:  
 
𝒅𝒃 means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period;  
 
d means the number of days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
 
i indexes a series of whole numbers from one to 𝑑𝑏, representing the Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological 
order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON 
Observation Period;  
 
ni  means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of days from 
(and including) such Zurich Banking Day i to (but excluding) the first following 
Zurich Banking Day; and  
SARONi means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, SARON for such 
Zurich Banking Day i. 
(iii)  As used in this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D), 
Recommended 
Adjustment 
Spread 
means, 
with 
respect 
to 
any 
Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
A. that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities 
with respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
B. if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula 
or methodology as described in clause (A) above, to be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders or the Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with 
such Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Swiss Paying Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities 
with respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
Recommended Replacement Rate means the rate that has been recommended 
as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group 
or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 
2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, 
the Recommending Body); 
SARON means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
A. the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published 
by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website at 
the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
B. such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator Website at the 
Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not 
both occurred at or prior to the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking 
Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding 
Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website; or 
C. if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator Website at 
the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have both 
occurred at or prior to the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
(x) 
if there is a Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, 
giving effect to the Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(y) 
if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the SNB Policy Rate) for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment 
Spread, if any. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day 
with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to sub-clause (C)(y) 
above has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day, then in respect of 
such Zurich Banking Day (the Affected Zurich Banking Day) and each Zurich 
Banking Day thereafter, SARON will be replaced by the Replacement Rate, if 
any, determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)(vi) for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest; 
 
SARON Administrator means SIX Financial Information AG (including any 
successor thereto) or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight;  
 
SARON Administrator Website means the website of the SIX Group, or any 
successor website or other source on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
is published by or on behalf of the SARON Administrator;  
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date means the earliest of: 
A. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in clause (A) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
B. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in sub-clause (B)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
 
 
 
(x) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(y) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date 
on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be 
representative; and 
(z) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-clause (B)(y) of 
the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates 
specified in sub-clauses (x) and (y) of this clause (B), the date as of 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; and

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
C. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in sub-clause (B)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
 
SARON Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
A. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
B. a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a certain 
date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the case of 
sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives; 
 
SARON Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) 
the date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to the day on which such Interest 
Accrual Period ends (but which by its definition is excluded from such Interest 
Accrual Period);  
SNB Adjustment Spread means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders or Couponholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy 
Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by 
theSwiss Paying Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, taking into account the historical median between the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on 
the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than 
one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of 
such events occurred); 
 
Specified Time means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading 
on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such 
Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);  
 
Swiss Paying Agent means the Swiss paying agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and  
Zurich Banking Day means a day on which banks are open in the City of 
Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(iv) If the Swiss Paying Agent (A) is required to use a Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to sub-clause (C)(x) or (C)(y) of the 
definition of “SARON” for purposes of determining SARON for any Zurich 
Banking Day, and (B) determines that any changes to the definitions of Business

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Accrual Period, SARON Observation Period, SARON, 
SARON Administrator, SARON Administrator Website, Specified Time or 
Zurich Banking Day are necessary in order to use such Recommended 
Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB 
Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, for such 
purposes, such definitions will be amended as contemplated in Condition 13 to 
reflect such changes, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Swiss Paying Agent, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, if any, and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders, specifying the Recommended 
Replacement Rate and any Recommended Adjustment Spread or any SNB 
Adjustment Spread, as applicable, and the amendments implemented pursuant to 
Condition 13. 
(v) Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 
5, the Issuer will appoint a Replacement Rate Agent on or prior to the first Zurich 
Banking Day (a) with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to 
clause (C) of the definition of “SARON” and (b) for which the SNB Policy Rate 
has not been published thereon. The Issuer may appoint an affiliate of the Issuer 
or any other person as Replacement Rate Agent, so long as such affiliate or other 
person is a leading bank or financial institution that is experienced in the 
calculations and determinations to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent. The 
Issuer will notify the Noteholders or Couponholders of any such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 12. 
(vi) If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the definition of “SARON” have 
been satisfied, then the Replacement Rate Agent will determine whether to use 
an alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the Affected SARON Observation Period) 
and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter. If the Replacement Rate Agent 
determines to use an alternative rate pursuant to the immediately preceding 
sentence, it shall select such rate that it has determined is most comparable to the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight (the Existing Rate), provided that if it determines 
that there is an appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to the Existing Rate, 
it shall use such industry-accepted successor rate. If the Replacement Rate Agent 
has determined an alternative rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the Replacement Rate), for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest, (i) the 
Replacement Rate Agent shall determine (A) the method for obtaining the 
Replacement Rate (including any alternative method for determining the 
Replacement Rate if such alternative rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for the Replacement Rate, and (B) any adjustment factor as may be 
necessary to make the Replacement Rate comparable to the Existing Rate 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement Rate, (ii) for the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the 
Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON Observation Periods 
thereafter, references to SARON in the Conditions shall be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate and any adjustment factor as described in sub-clause (i) 
above, (iii) if the Replacement Rate Agent determines that changes to the 
definitions of Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Accrual Period, SARON, 
SARON Observation Period, Specified Time or Zurich Banking Day are 
necessary in order to implement the Replacement Rate as SARON, such 
definitions will be amended as contemplated in Condition 13 to reflect such 
changes, and (iv) the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Swiss

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
Paying Agent, the Agent and the other Paying Agents, if any, and, in accordance 
with Condition 12, the Noteholders or the Couponholders, specifying the 
Replacement Rate, as well as the details described in sub-clause (i) above, and 
the amendments implemented pursuant to Condition 13. Any determination to be 
made by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)(vi), 
including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination– Overnight Rate- Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination 
This Condition 3(b)(ii)(E) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) 
“Screen Rate Determination” and “Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”; (2) 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” 
to be “Applicable”. 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA 
Rate with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as 
a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate 
or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   =    
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
d 
x
Index
Compounded 
SONIA 
Index
Compounded 
SONIA 
Start 
End 
365
1







--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period).  
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5:00 p.m. (London time) (or, if 
later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof 
in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest 
Accrual Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) above as 
if “Index Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Not 
Applicable”, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Period  
As used herein, an Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other 
period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which such Notes become due and 
payable). 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Floating Rate in Notes respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period.  Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency,

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and 
(II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 )]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 )]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 )]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 )]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; or 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 )]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 )]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February, or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date, or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 3(b)(vii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies both “Screen Rate 
Determination” and “Term Rate” to be “Applicable”. 
A. Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies both “Screen Rate Determination” 
and “Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer, and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Banking Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Banking Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for general business in London. 
B. Where the applicable Final Terms specifies both “Screen Rate Determination” and 
“Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second 
Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. Any such amendment 
or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and 
all Ordinary Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Ordinary Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Ordinary Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of an Ordinary Note, that part only 
of such Ordinary Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Ordinary Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such 
Ordinary Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 below. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 3(d) applies only if “Benchmark Replacement” is specified to be “Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms 
and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
apply:  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor 
Rate, failing that an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(B)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iii) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d) shall act in good faith as 
an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Principal Paying Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders or Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(d). 
(ii) 
Successor or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with such Independent Adviser, determines in good faith 
that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate, as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to Condition 3(d)(iii), shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 3(d)); or

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate, as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to 
Condition 3(d)(iii), shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 3(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions and if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines 
in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, Reset 
Determination Date, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice, 
provided that the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments if in the sole opinion of the Principal Paying Agent doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Principal Paying 
Agent in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the Agency Agreement (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental deed or agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the Principal Paying Agent, the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 3(d). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 3(d), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 3(b) will

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined and notified to the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (as applicable), 
in each case pursuant to this Condition 3(d), prior to such Interest Determination Date, the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply 
to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 3(d), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 3(d) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), 
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will continue to 
apply). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3(d): 
Adjustment Spread means either (i) a spread (which may be positive or negative), or (ii) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above 
does not apply), the Issuer following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital market for transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative 
Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(C) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the 
objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders or 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 3(d) 
has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (B)(i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date referred to in (E)(i);  
(F) 
it is or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense under Condition 3(d)(i). 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate);

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
In the case of Bearer Notes, payments in U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar account 
maintained by the payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, as used in this 
Condition 4, means the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction), or by cheque drawn on a United 
States bank.  All payments in respect of Bearer Notes will be made to accounts located outside the 
United States, or by cheque mailed to an address outside of the United States, except as may be 
permitted by United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the 
Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives 
or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 below.  Reference to specified 
currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Definitive Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Bearer Definitive Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of Bearer Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America, (including the

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
 
States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 17 below) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 7 below) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any interest-bearing Definitive Notes is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant Bearer Definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Ordinary Notes represented by any Bearer 
Global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
Bearer Definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States.  On the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any 
Global Note which is not issued in new global note (NGN) form, a record of such payment made on 
such Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will 
be made on such Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent, and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made, and (ii) in the case of any Global Note which is 
a NGN, the Principal Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make 
appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a 
holder does not have a Designated Account, or (ii) the principal amount of the Registered Notes held 
by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), 
payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as 
defined below).  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a 
holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in 
the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which 
processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global 
form) will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located 
immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of the business day (in the ICSDs) prior to the 
Payment Date (the Record Date) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his 
risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business 
days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any 
payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due 
date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be 
deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and of 
principal in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the 
initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder.  
Payment of the interest and principal due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition 4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Ordinary 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S.

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Ordinary Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next 
following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay.  For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7 below) 
is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre), or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
a day on which such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Ordinary Note Conditions to principal in respect of the Ordinary Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Ordinary Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Ordinary Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Ordinary Notes; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Ordinary Notes. 
(h) 
Partial Payment 
If on the Maturity Date of a Series of Notes where an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms the Issuer has insufficient monies to pay the Final Redemption Amount on that 
Series of Ordinary Notes and any other amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of Notes on 
such date, then the Issuer shall apply available monies, after having made payment of all other amounts 
due and payable by the Issuer in respect of Notes on such date, to redeem the relevant Series of 
Ordinary Notes in part at par together with accrued interest pro rata and pari passu with any other 
Series of Ordinary Notes by which an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms.  
If more than one Series of Ordinary Notes has the same Maturity Date and the relevant Series each

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
 
has an Extended Final Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms then available monies 
will be applied by the Issuer to partially redeem each such Series of Ordinary Notes on a pro rata basis. 
(i) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders on giving prior notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and at least 30 days' prior notice to 
the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 below, elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Ordinary Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Ordinary Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 
0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount of that Note in the 
Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer 
determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent, that the then market practice 
in respect of the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from 
the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply 
with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Ordinary Noteholders, the 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Ordinary Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of 
such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (iv) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Ordinary Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Ordinary Notes presented (or, as the case may 
be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if Definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer (A) in the case of Relevant Notes in the denomination of 
euro 100,000 and/or such higher amounts as the Principal Paying Agent may determine and 
notify to the Ordinary Noteholders and any remaining amounts less than euro 100,000 shall 
be redeemed by the Issuer and paid to the Ordinary Noteholders in euro in accordance with 
this Condition 4, and (B) in the case of Ordinary Notes which are not Relevant Notes, in the 
denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 50,000 and (but only to the extent of any 
remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Principal Paying 
Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Principal Paying Agent 
shall determine and notify to the Ordinary Noteholders; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Ordinary Notes) will become void with 
effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
euro-denominated Ordinary Notes and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them.  The 
payment obligations contained in any Ordinary Notes so issued will also become void on that 
date although those Ordinary Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of 
the Issuer.  New euro-denominated Ordinary Notes and Coupons will be issued in exchange 
for Ordinary Notes and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Ordinary Noteholders 
in the Exchange Notice.  No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any 
date for payment of principal or interest on the Ordinary Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Ordinary Notes and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
 
Specified Currency were to euro.  Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by 
the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest 
Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(A) 
in the case of the Ordinary Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes; and 
(B) 
in the case of Definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding; and 
(vii) 
if the Ordinary Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any 
relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Ordinary Note will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least equal to the 
Nominal Amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date.  
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of 
Ordinary Notes and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date 
specified in the Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the 
Issuer shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing 
all or part of the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be 
paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the rating agencies, any relevant Swap Provider and the Principal Paying 
Agent as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event at least four business days in London prior 
to the Maturity Date, of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series of Ordinary Notes on that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any 
such party under the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Ordinary Notes provide that such Ordinary 
Notes are subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 below; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent, and to the Note Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Ordinary Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of a 
partial redemption of Ordinary Notes, the Ordinary Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Ordinary Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) and in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Ordinary Notes, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will 
be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b), and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 below at least five days prior to 
the Selection Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Ordinary Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if the Ordinary Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Ordinary 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 9, the Ordinary Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Ordinary Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Norway or any authority therein 
having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Ordinary Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Ordinary Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Ordinary Noteholders (i) 
a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Ordinary Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon any Ordinary Noteholder giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 below not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice, the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Ordinary Note, the holder of this Ordinary Note 
must deliver (at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the case of Bearer Notes, or any Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar in the case of Registered Notes) such Note(s) at any time during the normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent or the Registrar falling within the notice 
period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is 
required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition.  If 
this Ordinary Note is in definitive form, this Ordinary Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent or the Registrar concerned that this Ordinary Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Ordinary Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs(a) and (c) above, each Ordinary Note will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of an Ordinary Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of 
the first Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Ordinary Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or 
greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at its nominal amount. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Ordinary Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Bearer Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Ordinary Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar 
for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Ordinary Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
Bearer Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith 
at the time of redemption).  All Ordinary Notes so cancelled and any Ordinary Notes purchased and

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
 
cancelled pursuant to paragraph (f) above (together with, in the case of Bearer Definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Ordinary Notes and Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Ordinary Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Ordinary Notes, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Ordinary Note:  
(i) 
presented for payment in Norway; or  
(ii) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in 
respect of such Ordinary Note by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Ordinary Note; or  
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4(c)). 
As used herein,  
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and  
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Ordinary Noteholders on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Ordinary Note Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Ordinary Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the Code), as 
amended, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered 
into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement) (a FATCA Withholding Tax).  Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required 
to pay any additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Ordinary Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 17 below) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 7 or Condition 4(b) above 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4(b) above.

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
 
8. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Ordinary Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in London (in the case of Bearer 
Notes, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as 
to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Ordinary Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
9. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees 
of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Registered Definitive Notes or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.   
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 9(d) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in 
the Agency Agreement, a Registered Definitive Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer 
(i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing, and (B) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, 
and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may 
from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency 
Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal 
or other laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver or procure the authentication and delivery of, at 
its specified office to the transferee, or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Definitive Note of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of 
the transfer of part only of a Registered Definitive Note, a new Registered Definitive Note in respect 
of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the address specified by the transferor. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
 
In the event of a partial redemption of Ordinary Notes under Condition 5 above, the Issuer shall not 
be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for 
partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders of Registered Notes will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(d) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered 
Global Note of the same type at any time. 
10. 
PAYING AGENTS, TRANSFER AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying 
Agents, and initial Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
additional or other Registrars, Transfer Agent, or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, or Calculation Agent 
acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Ordinary Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal 
Paying Agent) in the case of Bearer Notes, and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar) 
in the case of Registered Notes, with a specified office in such place as may be required by 
the rules and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) with a 
specified office in a city in continental Europe outside Norway; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved by the 
Issuer;  
(d) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom and, 
so long as the Ordinary Notes are listed on any stock exchange, in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
(e) 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, for so long as 
the Notes are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and if then required by the regulations of the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer shall maintain a Swiss Paying Agent in Switzerland, which 
agent shall have an office in Switzerland and be a bank or securities firm subject to supervision 
by Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, to perform the functions of a Swiss paying 
agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4(e) above.  Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof having been given to the 
Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 below.

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Ordinary Noteholders or 
Couponholders.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 7 above. 
12. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected that such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange 
(or any other relevant authority) on which any Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Ordinary Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg,  
be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) and such notice by mail in connection with 
the Registered Notes the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg  
for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Ordinary 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority).  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of such Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Ordinary Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Ordinary Note in definitive form) with the relevant Ordinary Note or 
Ordinary Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes).  While any of the Ordinary Notes are represented by a Global Note, such 
notice may be given by any holder of an Ordinary Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose.  
13. 
MEETINGS OF ORDINARY NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
(a) 
Provisions with respect to Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Ordinary Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer or Ordinary Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Ordinary Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Ordinary Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business 
of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Ordinary Notes, or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Ordinary Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Ordinary Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Ordinary Notes or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of 
the Ordinary Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for 
the time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Ordinary 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Ordinary Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Modification 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Ordinary Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, the 
Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Ordinary Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, Agency Agreement or the Deed of 
Covenant which is: 
(A) 
of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
(B) 
is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or  
(C) 
is made to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 above 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Ordinary Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Ordinary 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Ordinary Notes. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Ordinary Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists 
or is available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Ordinary Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Ordinary Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law, save as to Condition 2(a) above which is governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law.  
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, Ordinary Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, that the courts of England and Wales are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Ordinary Notes and/or the Coupons (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Ordinary 
Notes and/or the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to 
as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, 
the Ordinary Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Ordinary Notes and the Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any 
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 16 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent in England 
The Issuer appoints DNB Bank ASA, London Branch at its registered office 8th Floor, The Walbrook 
Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF, England as its agent for service of process in England, 
and undertakes that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA, London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to 
be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England 
in respect of any Proceedings.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Ordinary Note Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
 
Calculation Amount means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to calculate Fixed Coupon Amount(s), Broken Amount(s), the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount and the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as applicable); 
CIBOR means the Copenhagen inter-bank offered rate; 
CITA means the Copenhagen t/n Interest Average; 
Cover Pool means all the Issuer's assets and liabilities that from time to time form part of a Cover 
Pool created in accordance with and subject to Section 11-8 of the Act and to the Regulations; 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK, and (b) assets (other than loans) which 
are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any third-party counterparty in its capacity as currency swap 
provider under a Currency Swap Agreement; 
EONIA means the Euro Overnight Index Average; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into 
euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty;  
EURIBOR means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Extended Final Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the date, if any, specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final 
Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity Date;  
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge 
the Issuer's interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been 
hedged by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) 
(as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into 
from time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any third-party counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap 
provider under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement;  
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Limited (or its successor); 
NIBOR means the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate; 
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service Limited (or its successor);

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg means the records that each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers' interest 
in the Notes;  
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest-bearing Ordinary Notes) any date for payment 
of interest under such Notes;  
Reference Rate means EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, EONIA, STIBOR, SARON or SONIA 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Register means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant to the 
Act and the Regulations; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Registered Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Ordinary Notes sold in offshore 
transactions to persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the monies payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such 
due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such monies having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 above;  
Relevant Notes means all Ordinary Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area;  
SARON means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight rate; 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
SONIA means the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate; 
STIBOR means the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate; 
Swap Agreement means each Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each Currency Swap Agreement;  
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider;  
Swaps means any Currency Swap and/or any Interest Rate Swap; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 141 ---
133 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (VPS Conditions).  VPS Notes will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS.  
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book-entry system and register 
maintained by Euronext VPS. 
Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a description of the content of the Final Terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
The VPS Conditions are governed by English law save as to Conditions 2(a), 8, 9, 10 and 11 of such VPS 
Conditions, which are governed by Norwegian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law, Norwegian law or administrative practice in England or Norway 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially and adversely impact the value 
of any Notes affected by it. 
The VPS Notes are covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS 
(with the parallel trade name SpareBank 1 Covered Bonds Company) (the Issuer) in accordance with Chapter 
11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 
17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven) (the Act) and Chapter 
11, Subsection I of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial 
Groups (forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) 
(the Regulations). 
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme 
and each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and subject to an agreement (such agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) dated 1 November 2019 
between the Issuer and SpareBank 1 Markets AS (the VPS Agent). 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary Verdipapirsentralen ASA, (trading as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) (VPS Notes and the Euronext VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of the trust agreement (such trust agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 6 June 2017 and made 
between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as 
VPS Trustee).   
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book-entry form in accounts with 
Euronext VPS.  The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS in 
respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The Final Terms for this VPS Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
which complete these VPS Conditions, and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent 
so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these VPS Conditions, replace or modify these VPS Conditions 
for the purposes of this VPS Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) which supplement this VPS Note. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the VPS Notes from time to time (the VPS Noteholders 
and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these 
VPS Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series, and (ii) have the same terms

--- Page 142 ---
134 
 
 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the other 
Paying Agents and the Transfer Agent (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the Agents) 
and at the registered office for the time being of the VPS Trustee at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 Oslo, 
Norway.  
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in these VPS 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the VPS Agency Agreement 
and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS 
Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event 
of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book-entry form in the denomination of NOK 2,000,000 and/or 
such other currency and Specified Denomination(s) as shown in Part A of the relevant Final Terms 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the relevant VPS Notes) and will be registered with a separate securities 
identification code in Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, Euronext VPS or 
otherwise, of another Specified Denomination.  VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities 
identification code in Euronext VPS.   
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of note, namely Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice versa.  
This VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This VPS Note may be a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of 
Euronext VPS.  The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one 
issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a 
VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that 
are in force from time to time.  Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as 
the holder of the relevant VPS Note.

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
 
For so long as this VPS Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the 
VPS Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes.  VPS Notes will 
be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
(a) 
Status of the VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer that have been provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool in accordance with 
the terms of the Act and the Regulations. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act and the 
Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined below) with 
respect to the Notes as well as any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer and derivative contracts 
having recourse to such Cover Pool shall at all times be a minimum of 102 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer having recourse to 
such Cover Pool (taking into account the effect of the relevant derivative contracts) 
(Overcollateralisation). 
To the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is stipulated to apply by any applicable 
Norwegian legislation from time to time, such a level of overcollateralisation shall be the minimum 
level of Overcollateralisation required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2(b). 
There is no obligation for the Issuer to maintain any particular rating in respect of the VPS Notes 
throughout the term of the Notes or select a higher Overcollateralisation percentage in order to 
maintain a rating.  In particular, if any of the credit ratings assigned to the Notes are reduced, removed, 
suspended or placed on credit watch, the Issuer shall not be obliged to select a higher 
Overcollateralisation percentage.  For the avoidance of doubt, recourse to the Cover Pool, and any 
additional overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool, is available for inter alios all Noteholders (including 
holders of existing Notes and new Notes) and counterparties to any relevant derivative contracts. 
3. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum

--- Page 144 ---
136 
 
 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period, and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period, and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period, and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on 
either:

--- Page 145 ---
137 
 
 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these VPS Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur, or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (ii) 
in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day, and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation, any Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open.

--- Page 146 ---
138 
 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) 
and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where “Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 3(d) below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.

--- Page 147 ---
139 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the relevant financial centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the relevant financial 
centre specified in the applicable Final Terms plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will calculate 
the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect 
of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period.  Each Interest Amount shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period:

--- Page 148 ---
140 
 
 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and 
(II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 )]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 )]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 )]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 )]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 149 ---
141 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; or 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
 - 
(D
 
 )]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 )]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February, or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date, or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter in 
length than the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer in length 
than the relevant Interest Period provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a

--- Page 150 ---
142 
 
 
period of time next shorter in length or, as the case may be, next longer in length, then the 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such 
rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 3(b), but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the 
Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances 
and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(b) by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such 
VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest 
will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such VPS 
Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 below. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 3(d) applies only if “Benchmark Replacement” is specified to be “Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the VPS 
Conditions of any VPS Notes provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
apply:  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor 
Rate, failing that an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(B)) and, in either

--- Page 151 ---
143 
 
 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iii) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d) shall act in good faith as 
an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Calculation Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders or Couponholders for any determination 
made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(d). 
(ii) 
Successor or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with such Independent Adviser, determines in good faith 
that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate, as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to Condition 3(d)(iii) shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 3(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate, as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to 
Condition 3(d)(iii), shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 3(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions and if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines 
in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that amendments to 
the VPS Conditions of the VPS Notes and/or the VPS Agency Agreement (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, Reset 
Determination Date, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary the VPS Conditions of the VPS Notes, the VPS Agency Agreement 
and/or the VPS Trustee Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 152 ---
144 
 
 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the VPS Trustee  of a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 3(d)(v), the VPS Trustee 
shall (at the Issuer’s expense), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Agency Agreement) and the VPS Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof, provided that the VPS Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in 
the sole opinion of the VPS Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights 
and/or the protective provisions afforded to the VPS Trustee in the VPS Conditions of the 
VPS Notes or the VPS Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental deed or agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the VPS Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3(d). Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
No later than notifying the VPS Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the VPS Trustee 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3(d); 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
certifying that (x) the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with 
respect to each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, (y) explaining, in 
reasonable detail, why the Issuer has not done so. 
The VPS Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the VPS Trustee’s ability to rely 
on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
the VPS Agent and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 3(d), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 3(b) will

--- Page 153 ---
145 
 
 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined and notified to the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest (as applicable), 
in each case pursuant to this Condition 3(d), prior to such Interest Determination Date, the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these VPS Conditions will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 3(d), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 3(d) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), 
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these VPS Conditions will continue to apply). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3(d): 
Adjustment Spread means either (i) a spread (which may be positive or negative), or (ii) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above 
does not apply), the Issuer following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital market for transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative 
Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(C) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the 
objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders or 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with this Condition 3(d) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary

--- Page 154 ---
146 
 
 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (B)(i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date referred to in (E)(i); or 
(A) 
it is or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(F) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense under Condition 3(d)(i) and approved in writing by the VPS Trustee. 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 155 ---
147 
 
 
(C) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(D) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note (which is a Floating Rate 
Note) is outstanding (as defined in the VPS Agency Agreement).  Where more than one Calculation 
Agent is appointed in respect of such VPS Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the VPS Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, in respect of such VPS Notes, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place.  The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
(whether by operation of law or agreements of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 below.  Reference to specified 
currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes

--- Page 156 ---
148 
 
 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be effected 
through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing 
Euronext VPS.  The VPS Agent and any Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder.  The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or any Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account-
operating institution with Euronext VPS (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS 
Conditions so require and for so long as any VPS Note (which is a Floating Rate Note) is outstanding, 
and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the VPS Notes 
may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 below.  
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7 below) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
place of presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre), or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
a day on which such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.  
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
(e) 
Partial Payment 
If on the Maturity Date of a Series of VPS Notes where an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer has insufficient monies to pay the Final Redemption Amount 
on that Series of VPS Notes and any other amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of Notes

--- Page 157 ---
149 
 
 
on such date, then the Issuer shall apply available monies, after having made payment of all other 
amounts due and payable by the Issuer in respect of Notes on such date, to redeem the relevant Series 
of VPS Notes in part at par together with accrued interest pro rata and pari passu with any other Series 
of VPS Notes by which an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms.  If more than 
one Series of Notes has the same Maturity Date and the relevant Series each has an Extended Final 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms then available monies will be applied by the 
Issuer to partially redeem each such series of Notes on a pro rata basis. 
(f) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the VPS Noteholders but after prior consultation with the VPS Trustee and 
Euronext VPS and at least 30 days' prior notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
9 below, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the VPS Notes 
shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the VPS Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 
with a nominal amount for each VPS Note equal to the nominal amount of that VPS Note in 
the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer 
determines, with the agreement of the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee, that the then market 
practice in respect of the redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is 
different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended 
so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the VPS 
Noteholders and the stock exchange (if any) on which the VPS Notes may be listed of such 
deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (iii) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the VPS Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate nominal amount of VPS Notes outstanding for payment to the relevant holder 
and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, the payment obligations contained in any VPS 
Notes issued prior to the Redenomination Date will become void with effect from the date on 
which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement euro-denominated VPS 
Notes will be exchanged for the existing VPS Notes although those VPS Notes will continue 
to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer.  New euro-denominated VPS Notes will 
be issued in exchange for VPS Notes denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner 
as the VPS Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the VPS Noteholders in the Exchange 
Notice.  No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of 
principal or interest on the VPS Notes; 
(iv) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the VPS Notes, other than payments 
of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made 
solely in euro as though references in the VPS Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro.  
Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; 
(v) 
if the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest 
Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention; and

--- Page 158 ---
150 
 
 
(vi) 
if the VPS Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant 
changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least equal to the Nominal 
Amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the Maturity Date.  
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of VPS 
Notes and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified 
in the Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall 
be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing all or part 
of the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the 
Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the rating agencies, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent and any relevant 
Swap Provider as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event at least four business days in 
London prior to the Maturity Date, of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of a Series of Notes on that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such 
parties (other than the VPS Agent) shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor 
give rise to any rights in any such party under the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of VPS Notes provide that such VPS Notes are 
subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity Date 
shall not constitute a default in payment. 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days' notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 below (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only 
of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of a partial 
redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed VPS Notes) will be selected in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to such VPS Notes, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date). 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
the VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the VPS Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Trustee and, in accordance with 
Condition 9, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any

--- Page 159 ---
151 
 
 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Norway or any authority therein having 
power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the VPS Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the VPS Trustee to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any VPS Note giving to 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9 below not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice, the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes, must, 
within the notice period, give notice (the Put Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (a) and (c) above, each VPS Note will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a VPS Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the 
First Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a VPS Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater 
than the Issue Price of the First Tranche of the Series, at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at 
its nominal amount. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise.

--- Page 160 ---
152 
 
 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner.  Any VPS Notes 
so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any VPS Note:  
(i) 
presented for payment in Norway; or  
(ii) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in 
respect of such VPS Note by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS Note; or  
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4(c)). 
As used herein,  
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and  
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Noteholders on or prior to such 
due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the VPS Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the VPS Notes 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the Code), as amended, 
any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of 
such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a FATCA 
Withholding Tax). Neither the Issuer, nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.

--- Page 161 ---
153 
 
 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 15 below) therefor. 
8. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction.  VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the Norwegian  Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 6 (the CSD Act) which implements Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian 
law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each 
case as amended or replaced from time to time . A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext 
VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator 
linked to Euronext VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5 above, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other 
than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient 
to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
9. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days 
after delivery to Euronext VPS. 
10. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION  
(a) 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the VPS Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully set out in 
the VPS Trustee Agreement) the modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the VPS 
Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two-thirds of votes).  Such a 
meeting may be convened by the VPS Trustee at the request of the Issuer, Oslo Børs, or by VPS 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the outstanding VPS Notes.   
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
VPS Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes

--- Page 162 ---
154 
 
 
or the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any date 
for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal 
amount of the outstanding VPS Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the VPS Notes for the time 
being outstanding.  A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all 
the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
(b) 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that:  
(i) 
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast 
in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(B) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(E) 
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (i); 
(F) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(e) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the 
matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required); 
(G) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(H) 
a change of VPS Trustee; 
save as set out in Condition 10(b)(i) above, the VPS Trustee, without providing prior written notice 
to, or consultation with, the VPS Noteholders may make decisions binding on all VPS Noteholders 
relating to the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee Agreement provided that such decision is either 
(x) not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, 
(y) made solely for rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (z) required to be made pursuant to law, 
court order or other administrative decision. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS 
Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from which the 
amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
11. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for 
its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction.  VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound 
by the Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement.

--- Page 163 ---
155 
 
 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which 
interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding VPS Notes. 
13. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or 
is available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Conditions 2(a), 
8, 9, 10 and 11 above which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian 
law.  The VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be construed 
in accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities 
Depositories (the CSD Act), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into 
Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext 
VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. The holders of VPS Notes will be entitled 
to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under the CSD Act and any 
related regulations and legislation. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents and the VPS Noteholders, that the 
courts of England and Wales are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or 
in connection with the VPS Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the VPS Agency Agreement 
and the VPS Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Notes) may be brought in such 
courts.  
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any 
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.  
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders, that the 
courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of, or in connection 
with, the VPS Trustee Agreement.  
Nothing contained in this Condition 14 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.

--- Page 164 ---
156 
 
 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints DNB Bank ASA, London Branch at its registered office at 8th Floor, The 
Walbrook Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF, England as its agent for service of process in 
England, and undertakes that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA, London Branch ceasing so to act or 
ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in 
any other manner permitted by law. 
15. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Agency Agreement means an agency agreement dated 30 August 2007 between the Issuer and the 
agents named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time; 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of VPS Notes requiring a calculation agent 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) means an agreement in or substantially in the form of 
Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement; 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series requiring a calculation agent (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), (i) the person appointed as calculation agent in relation to the 
VPS Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation Agency Agreement (or any other 
agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in respect of the VPS Notes, 
or (ii) the Principal Paying Agent if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount means, in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to calculate Fixed Coupon Amount(s), Broken Amount(s), the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount and the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as applicable); 
CIBOR means the Copenhagen inter-bank offered rate; 
CITA means the Copenhagen t/n Interest Average; 
Cover Pool means all the Issuer's assets that from time to time form part of a Cover Pool created in 
accordance with and subject to Section 11-8 of the Act and to the Regulations; 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK, and (b) assets (other than loans) which 
are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any third party counterparty in its capacity as currency swap 
provider under a Currency Swap Agreement; 
EONIA means the Euro Overnight Index Average; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into 
euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty;  
EURIBOR means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate;

--- Page 165 ---
157 
 
 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Exchange means, for the purpose of these VPS Conditions, the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs); 
Extended Final Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, the date if any specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final 
Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity Date;  
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear 
on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in 
arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest-bearing VPS Notes, the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or 
may not be the Issue Date; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge 
the Issuer's interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been 
hedged by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) 
(as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into 
from time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any third-party counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap 
provider under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement;  
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue and purchase of the VPS Note; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Limited (or its successor); 
NIBOR means the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate; 
Oslo Business Days means those days on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo; 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the VPS Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the VPS 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest (if any) accrued to 
the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the VPS Conditions after that 
date) have been duly paid to, or to the order of, the VPS Agent in the manner provided in these 
VPS Conditions and the VPS Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect 
has been given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with the VPS Conditions) and remain 
available for payment of the relevant VPS Notes; 
(c) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the VPS 
Conditions; and

--- Page 166 ---
158 
 
 
(d) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the VPS 
Conditions, 
provided that for the purpose of: 
(i) 
attending and voting at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders of the Series; and 
(ii) 
determining how many and which VPS Notes of the Series are for the time being outstanding 
for the purposes of Condition 3 and the noteholder meetings provisions set out in the VPS 
Trustee Agreement, 
those VPS Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding; 
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service Limited (or its successor); 
records of Euronext VPS means the records that Euronext VPS holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customers' interests in the VPS Notes;  
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest-bearing VPS Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the VPS Notes; 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate, the principal office of 
four major banks in the relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, EONIA,  STIBOR, SARON or SONIA 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Register means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant to the 
Act and the Regulations; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the monies payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such 
due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such monies having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 above; 
Relevant Notes means all VPS Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and which 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area;  
SARON means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight rate; 
SONIA means the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. local time in the relevant financial centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
STIBOR means the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate; 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second person or otherwise; or

--- Page 167 ---
159 
 
 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person;  
Swap Agreement means each Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each Currency Swap Agreement; 
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Swaps means any Currency Swap and/or any Interest Rate Swap; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 168 ---
160 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
Currency Swap Agreements 
The Issuer will enter into Currency Swaps from time to time with Currency Swap Providers by executing 
ISDA Master Agreement(s) (including schedules, confirmations and, in each case, a credit support annex) 
(each such agreement, a Currency Swap Agreement and each of the transactions thereunder, a Currency 
Swap), in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Notes issued in currencies other than NOK, and 
(b) assets forming part of the Cover Pool but denominated in NOK, subject always to the requirements as 
referred to in "Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett)" above.  Where the Issuer enters into Currency Swaps with the same counterparty, these may be 
entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Currency Swap 
Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Currency Swap Provider, the 
relevant Currency Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, be required 
to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations under 
the relevant Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap to be transferred 
to an entity with the rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with 
the rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as 
applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement or taking some other 
action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
● 
at the option of one party to the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under that Currency Swap Agreement and any applicable grace period 
has expired; 
● 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Currency Swap Provider without an assumption 
of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is 
made by the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the Currency Swap Agreement, or if the relevant 
Currency Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another 
agreement between the Issuer and such Currency Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the 
relevant Currency Swap Agreement by the Currency Swap Provider is not remedied within the 
applicable grace period; 
● 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs; 
● 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Currency Swap Provider 
under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement due to a change in law; and 
● 
if the relevant Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade".

--- Page 169 ---
161 
 
 
A non-payment event described in the first point above will only occur in relation to the Issuer if it has 
sufficient cash constituting substitute assets to make payments due to the Currency Swap Provider but it does 
not make those payments.  In all other circumstances, if the amount paid by the Issuer to the Currency Swap 
Provider is less than would ordinarily be paid, this will not give rise to a termination right, but rather the 
obligation of the Currency Swap Provider to pay an amount back to the Issuer will be reduced by a 
corresponding amount (both such payments, the Reduced Payments) and the obligation of both parties to pay 
the difference between the Reduced Payments and the amounts that would ordinarily have been paid will be 
deferred. 
In addition, the bankruptcy administrator may terminate the Currency Swaps in whole or in part in accordance 
with the Norwegian legislation.   
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap Provider may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment will be based 
on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to the cost of entering into a swap with 
terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full 
payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought 
from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid 
amounts that became due and payable prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial 
and may affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above the interest and principal payable on the Notes) 
as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Currency Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Currency Swap Agreement to another entity. 
Taxation 
The Currency Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding 
taxes are imposed on payments made under a Currency Swap.  However, if, due to a change in law, the 
Currency Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Currency Swap or to receive a payment 
under a Currency Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, the Currency Swap Provider 
may terminate the relevant Currency Swap. 
The Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Currency Swap Provider will rank pari passu with the Noteholders in respect of their claims against the 
Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool.  
Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps with Interest Rate Swap 
Providers by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including schedules, confirmations and, in each case, a 
credit support annex) (each such agreement, an Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each of the transactions 
thereunder, an Interest Rate Swap), in order to hedge the Issuer's interest rate risks in NOK and/or other 
currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged by the Currency Swap, subject always to the 
requirements as referred to in "Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
(obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)" above.  Where the Issuer enters into Interest Rate Swaps with the same 
counterparty, these may be entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement.

--- Page 170 ---
162 
 
 
Ratings downgrade  
Under each of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an Interest Rate 
Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Interest Rate Swap 
Provider, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral 
for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap to be transferred to an entity with the rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified 
in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating 
agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as 
applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement or taking some other 
action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
● 
at the option of one party to the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the 
other party to pay any amounts due under that Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any applicable grace 
period has expired; 
● 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if a material 
misrepresentation is made by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, or if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter 
derivatives transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement by the Interest 
Rate Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
● 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs; 
● 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement due to a change in law; and 
● 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade". 
In addition, the bankruptcy administrator may terminate the Interest Rate Swaps in whole or in part in 
accordance with the Norwegian legislation.  
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment will be 
based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to the cost of entering into a swap 
with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective 
full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought 
from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid 
amounts that became due and payable prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial 
and may affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Noteholders.

--- Page 171 ---
163 
 
 
Noteholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above the interest and principal payable on the Notes) 
as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from an Interest Rate Swap Provider.  
Transfer 
Each Interest Rate Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Interest Rate Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding 
taxes are imposed on payments made under an Interest Rate Swap.  However, if, due to a change in law, the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under an Interest Rate Swap or to receive a 
payment under an Interest Rate Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider may terminate the relevant Interest Rate Swaps.  
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Interest Rate Swap Providers will rank pari passu with the Noteholders in respect of their claims against 
the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Eligibility Criteria for Swap Providers 
The Issuer will only enter into Swaps with entities which are "qualified counterparties" for the purposes of the 
Act.

--- Page 172 ---
164 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian, participating Member States (as defined below) 
and United States tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
tax considerations relating to the Notes.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as 
to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax 
laws of Norway, those participating Member States (as defined below) and United States of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes.  
This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Norwegian Taxation 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Norway as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date. Such changes could be made on a 
retrospective basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes under the 
Programme. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors concerning the overall tax consequences 
of their ownership of such Notes. 
Norwegian Taxation – non-residents 
Introduction 
The tax consequences described below apply to Noteholders who are not tax resident in Norway. In the 
following paragraphs, it is assumed that the Notes are held in the form of bearer bonds or debentures 
(mengdegjeldsbrev). 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax.  Such holder of 
Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business 
carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Norway levies withholding tax on certain interest payments from Norway. However, the withholding 
obligation applies only to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are resident in low tax 
jurisdictions. Due to the Issuer’s constitution as a credit institution wholly owned by Norwegian savings banks, 
and the fact that the Issuer does not have any ownership in non-Norwegian subisidiaries, the Issuer does not 
expect the withholding obligation to apply to interest payments on Notes issued by the Issuer.  
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or redemption 
of the Notes.  Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is 
effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway.

--- Page 173 ---
165 
 
 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
Norwegian Taxation – Norwegian residents 
Introduction 
The tax consequences described below apply to Noteholders who are tax resident in Norway (Norwegian 
Noteholders). 
Again, it is assumed that the Notes are held in the form of bearer bonds or debentures (mengdegjeldsbrev). 
Taxation of interest 
For Norwegian Noteholders, interest on bonds (such as the Notes) is taxable as "ordinary income" subject to 
a flat rate of 22 per cent.  This applies irrespective of whether the Norwegian Noteholders are individuals or 
corporations.  For financial service companies subject to the Norwegian financial tax (e.g. banks, insurance 
companies, investment companies etc.) the tax rate for “ordinary income” is 25 per cent.  For Norwegian 
taxpayers with a statutory obligation to keep accounting records, interest is taxed on an accruals basis (i.e. 
regardless of when the return is actually paid).  For other Norwegian taxpayers accrued interest is, as a general 
rule, taxed when the interest is actually paid.  
Taxation upon disposal or redemption of the Notes  
Redemption at the relevant Maturity Date of the Notes, as well as prior disposal of the Notes, is treated as a 
realisation of such Notes and will trigger a capital gain or loss for Norwegian Noteholders under Norwegian 
tax law.  Capital gains will be taxable as "ordinary income" subject to the flat rate of 22 per cent. (25 per cent. 
for financial service companies).  Losses will be deductible from a Norwegian Noteholder's "ordinary income" 
which is taxed at the same rate.  
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Norwegian 
Noteholder on realisation and the cost price of the Notes.  The cost price is equal to the price for which the 
Norwegian Noteholder acquired the Notes.  Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realisation 
of the Notes may be deducted from a Norwegian Noteholder's taxable income in the year of the realisation.  
Net wealth taxation  
The value of the Notes held by a Norwegian Noteholder at the end of each income year will be included in the 
computation of his or her taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes.  Under Norwegian 
tax law, listed notes are valued at their quoted value on 1 January in the relevant assessment year.  The marginal 
rate of net wealth tax is 0.95 per cent. for net worth above a minimum threshold of NOK 1,700,000, and 1.1 
per cent for net worth above a minimum threshold of NOK 20,000,000. 
Limited liability companies and certain similar entities are exempt from net wealth taxation.  
Transfer taxes etc. VAT  
No transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes are currently imposed in Norway on the purchase, disposal or 
redemption of securities such as the Notes.  Furthermore, there will be no VAT payable in Norway on the 
transfer of the Notes.  
Inheritance and gift tax 
Norway does not impose any inheritance or gift tax.

--- Page 174 ---
166 
 
 
Proposed Financial Transactions Tax for participating Member States 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published the Commission's proposal for a Directive for a 
common financial transactions tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State, 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating member states.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
 
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes that are not treated 
as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that have a fixed term that are issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with 
the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding, unless 
materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Ordinary Notes—Further Issues" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes—Further Issues") that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.  In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 175 ---
167 
 
 
ERISA Considerations 
The Notes should be eligible for purchase by employee benefit plans and other plans subject to the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), and/or the provisions of Section 
4975 of the Code and by governmental, church and non-U.S. plans that are subject to state, local, other federal 
law of the United States or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law), subject to consideration of the issues described in this section.  
ERISA imposes certain requirements on employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject 
to ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying 
assets include the assets of such plans (collectively, ERISA Plans) and on those persons who are fiduciaries 
with respect to ERISA Plans.  Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general fiduciary 
requirements, including the requirements of investment prudence and diversification and the requirement that 
an ERISA Plan's investments be made in accordance with the documents governing the Plan.  The prudence 
of a particular investment must be determined by the responsible fiduciary of an ERISA Plan by taking into 
account the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances and all of the facts and circumstances of the investment 
including, but not limited to, the matters discussed under "Risk Factors". 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an 
ERISA Plan (as well as those plans that are not subject to ERISA but which are subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code, such as individual retirement accounts, and entities whose underlying assets include the assets of such 
plans (together with ERISA Plans, the Plans)) and certain persons (referred to as parties in interest or 
disqualified persons) having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a statutory or administrative 
exemption is applicable to the transaction.  A party in interest or disqualified person, including a plan fiduciary, 
who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under 
ERISA and the Code. 
The Issuer or any other party to the transactions may be parties in interest or disqualified persons with respect 
to many Plans.  Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the 
Code may arise if any of the Notes is acquired or held by a Plan with respect to which the Issuer or any other 
party to such transactions is a party in interest or a disqualified person.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited 
transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, 
depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes and the circumstances 
under which such decision is made.  Included among these exemptions are Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and 
Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to transactions between a person that is a party in interest (other than 
a fiduciary or an affiliate that has or exercises discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice 
with respect to assets involved in the transaction) solely by reason of providing services to the plan, provided 
that there is adequate consideration for the transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (PTCE) 91-
38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected 
by a qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions involving insurance company 
general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) and 
PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by in-house asset managers).  Prospective investors should 
consult with their advisers regarding the prohibited transaction rules and these exceptions.  There can be no 
assurance that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular 
transaction involving any Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) 
of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Law.  Fiduciaries of any such plans should 
consult with their counsel before purchasing the Notes to determine the need for, if necessary, and the 
availability of, any exemptive relief under any Similar Law. 
In addition, the U.S. Department of Labor has promulgated a regulation, 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Regulation) describing what constitutes the assets of a 
Plan with respect to the Plan's investment in an entity for purposes of certain provisions of ERISA, including 
the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the

--- Page 176 ---
168 
 
 
Code.  Under the Plan Asset Regulation, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity that is neither a 
publicly-offered security nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the Investment 
Company Act, the Plan's assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's 
underlying assets, unless one of the exceptions to such treatment described in the Plan Asset Regulation 
applies.  Under the Plan Asset Regulation, a security which is debt in form may be considered an equity interest 
if it has substantial equity features.  If the Issuer were deemed under the Plan Asset Regulation to hold plan 
assets by reason of a Plan's investment in any of the Notes, such plan assets would include an undivided interest 
in the assets held by the Issuer and transactions by the Issuer would be subject to the fiduciary responsibility 
provisions of Title I of ERISA and the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code.  While there is little pertinent authority in this area and no assurance can be given, the Issuer 
believes that the Notes should not be treated as equity interests for the purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note (or interest therein) will be deemed by such purchase 
or acquisition of any such Note to have represented and warranted, on each day from the date on which the 
purchaser or transferee acquires such Note (or interest therein) through to and including the date on which the 
purchaser or transferee disposes of such Note (or interest therein), either that (a) it is not, and is not acting on 
behalf of, a Plan or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any Similar Law, or (b) its 
acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interest therein) will not constitute or result in a prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of such a governmental, 
church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any Similar Law) for which an exemption is not available. 
If the purchaser or transferee of the Notes (or any interests therein) is, or is acting on behalf of, a Plan, it will 
be further deemed to represent, warrant and agree that (i) neither the Issuer nor any other party to the 
transactions referred to in this Base Prospectus, nor any of their respective affiliates, has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other person investing the 
assets of the Plan (Plan Fiduciary),, has relied in connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, and they 
are not otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) 
of the Code, to the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Plan's acquisition of the Notes, and (ii) 
the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
Each Plan fiduciary who is responsible for making the investment decisions as to whether to purchase or 
commit to purchase and to hold any of the Notes should determine whether, under the documents and 
instruments governing the Plan, an investment in such Notes is appropriate for the Plan, taking into account 
the overall investment policy of the Plan and the composition of the Plan's investment portfolio.  Any Plan 
proposing to invest in such Notes (including any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan) should consult with 
its counsel to confirm that such investment will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction and will 
satisfy the other requirements of ERISA and the Code (or, in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. 
plan, any Similar Law). 
The sale of any Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer or any other party to the 
transactions that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Plans 
generally or any particular Plan, or that such an investment is appropriate for Plans generally or any particular 
Plan. 
Any further ERISA considerations with respect to Notes may be found in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 177 ---
169 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 23 May 2011 (as amended and restated from 
time to time) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes", "Terms 
and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes".  In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
The Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to 
issue and purchase Notes under the Programme Agreement in certain circumstances prior to payment to the 
Issuer. 
One or more Dealers may purchase Notes, as principal, from the Issuer from time to time for resale to investors 
and other purchasers at varying prices relating to prevailing market prices at the time of resale as determined 
by any Dealer, or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for resale at a fixed offering price. 
A Dealer may sell Notes it has purchased from the Issuer as principal to certain other dealers less a concession 
equal to all or any portion of the discount received in connection with such purchase.  The Dealer may allow, 
and such dealers may re-allow, a discount to certain other dealers.  After the initial offering of Notes, the 
offering price (in the case of Notes to be resold at a fixed offering price), the concession and the re-allowance 
may be changed.  
The Issuer may withdraw, cancel or modify the offering contemplated hereby without notice and may reject 
offers to purchase Notes in whole or in part. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail.  However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action.  Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
applicable laws and rules. 
These transactions may consist of bids or purchases for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price 
of the Notes.  If the Dealer creates or the Dealers create, as the case may be, a short position in the Notes, that 
is, if it sells or they sell Notes in an aggregate principal amount exceeding that set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Dealer(s) may reduce that short position by purchasing Notes in the open market.  In general, the 
purchase of Notes for the purpose of stabilisation or to reduce a short position could cause the price of the 
Notes to be higher than it might be in the absence of such purchases. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude 
of any effect that the transactions described in the immediately preceding paragraph may have on the price of 
Notes.  In addition, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation that the Dealers will 
engage in any such transactions or that such transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without 
notice. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against some liabilities 
(including liabilities under the Securities Act) or to contribute to payments the Dealers may be required to 
make in respect thereof in connection with the establishment and any future updates of the Programme and the

--- Page 178 ---
170 
 
 
issue of Notes under the Programme.  The Issuer has also agreed to reimburse the Dealers for some other 
expenses in connection with the establishment of and any future updates to the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme. 
The Dealers may, from time to time, purchase and sell Notes in the secondary market, but they are not obligated 
to do so, and there can be no assurance that there will be a secondary market for the Notes or liquidity in the 
secondary market if one develops.  From time to time, the Dealers may make a market in the Notes. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve 
interests that differ from those of the Issuer, and the Dealers have not provided any legal, accounting, 
regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Issuer has consulted its own 
legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisers to the extent it has deemed appropriate.  Certain of the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates have, directly or indirectly, performed investment and commercial banking or 
financial advisory services for the Issuer for which they have received customary fees and commissions, and 
they expect to provide these services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the future, for which they also expect to 
receive customary fees and commissions. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
Regulation S, Category 2, TEFRA C Rules are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or unless 
TEFRA Rules are not applicable.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws or “blue sky” 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from, 
or in transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable local, 
state or federal securities law.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury 
regulations thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold in offshore transactions in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Notes (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time, or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified 
by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of 
all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.  Each 
Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note (or interest therein) will be deemed by such purchase 
or acquisition of any such Note (or interest therein) to have represented and warranted, on each day from the

--- Page 179 ---
171 
 
 
date on which the purchaser or transferee acquires such Note (or interest therein) through to and including the 
date on which the purchaser or transferee disposes of such Note (or interest therein), that either (a) it is not, 
and is not acting on behalf of, a Plan or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any 
Similar Law, or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interest therein) will not constitute 
or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case 
of such a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any Similar Law) for which an exemption is 
not available. If the purchaser or transferee of the Note (or any interest therein) is, or is acting on behalf of, a 
Plan, it will be further deemed to represent, warrant and agree that (i) neither the Issuer nor any other party to 
the transactions referred to in this Base Prospectus, nor any of their respective affiliates, has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any Plan Fiduciary, has relied in connection 
with its decision to invest in the Note, and they are not otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as defined 
in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in connection 
with the Plan's acquisition of the Note, and (ii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment 
in evaluating the transaction. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or 
superseded, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer 
of Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 180 ---
172 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the term Notes means all Notes and the expression an offer of Notes to the 
public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(iv) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(v) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(vi) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

--- Page 181 ---
173 
 
 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed to the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business, and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law 
(Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Norway 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Preliminary Base 
Prospectus and the Base Prospectus have been filed with the FSAN, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except:  
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor;  
(b) 
to "professional investors" as defined in Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 
June 2007 no. 75; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Section 
10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; and

--- Page 182 ---
174 
 
 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, 
(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) or another securities registry which is properly authorised or recognised 
by the FSAN as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, unless (i) the 
Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, 
or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway.  
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor.  
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 183 ---
175 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 9 June 2007.  The update of the Programme has been duly authorised 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 12 June 2018 and is valid until such authorisation is revoked. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, Admission to Trading and Listing of Notes 
The listing of the Ordinary Notes on the official list of Euronext Dublin will be expressed as a percentage of 
their nominal amount (excluding accrued interest).  It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted 
separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global 
Note, a Registered Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made 
to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 26 April 2022. 
Documents Available 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection for the life of this Base Prospectus from www.spabol.no: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Definitive Notes 
and the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final Terms (save that 
Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions. 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each 
Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and Common Code, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system (including 
Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Euroclear; 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and Euronext VPS are the entities in charge of keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg; and the address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway.

--- Page 184 ---
176 
 
 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021 and there 
has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021. 
Litigation  
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Independent Auditor 
The financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 and the 
information presented in the Board of Directors report concerning the financial statements and the going 
concern assumption, and the proposal in the financial statements for the allocation of profit, both incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus by reference, and management's fulfilment of its duty to produce a proper and clearly 
set out registration and documentation of accounting information as of 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 
have been audited by  PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, independent auditor, as stated in their reports incorporated 
herein by reference. PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of Den norske revisorforening (the Norwegian 
Institute of Public Accountants), which is the professional body for registered public accountants and state 
authorised public accountants in Norway. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect the future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 185 ---
177 
 
 
Legal Matters 
Certain matters as to English Law and U.S. Law in respect of the Notes and the Programme will be opined 
upon for the Dealers by Allen & Overy LLP (as Dealer’s counsel).  Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS will opine 
upon certain matters of Norwegian law for the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to 
the Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 186 ---
0013726-0004656 UKO2: 2004355849.12 
178 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
$ .......................................................................... 29 
£ .......................................................................... 29 
€ .......................................................................... 29 
2019 Annual Report ........................................... 35 
2020 Annual Report ........................................... 35 
2021 Annual Report ........................................... 34 
Accrual Period ............................................ 99, 138 
Act .................................................................. 8, 16 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..................................... 138 
Adjustment Spread ........................................... 116 
Agency Agreement ..................................... 95, 158 
Agents ......................................................... 96, 136 
Alternative Rate ................................................ 117 
an offer of Notes to the public .......................... 174 
applicable Final Terms ......................... 80, 96, 135 
Arranger................................................................ 3 
Bank Rate ......................................................... 104 
Base Prospectus .................................................. iii 
Basel III .............................................................. 24 
BCBS .................................................................. 24 
Bearer Definitive Notes ...................................... 95 
Bearer Global Note ............................................. 81 
Bearer Global Notes ........................................... 81 
Bearer Notes .................................................... i, 96 
Benchmark Amendments ................................. 115 
Benchmark Event ............................................. 117 
Benchmarks Regulation....................................... ii 
Board .................................................................. 78 
Business Day ............................................ 101, 139 
Calculation Agency Agreement ....................... 158 
Calculation Agent ............................. 101, 140, 158 
Calculation Amount ................................. 132, 158 
Capital Defaulting Shareholder(s) ...................... 57 
Capital Non-Defaulting Shareholders ................ 57 
CFTC .................................................................. 25 
CIBOR ...................................................... 132, 158 
CITA ......................................................... 132, 158 
Clearing Systems ................................................ 10 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............................ 80, 97 
Code ................................................................. 127 
Commercial Mortgages ...................................... 76 
Commission ........................................................ 52 
Common Depositary ........................................... 80 
Common Safekeeper .......................................... 80 
Compounded Daily SONIA ............................. 102 
Conditions ....................................................... i, 86 
Core Tier 1 Capital Request ............................... 57 
Couponholders .................................................... 96 
Coupons .............................................................. 95 
Cover Pool ...................................... 8, 74, 132, 158 
Covered Bond Swaps ........................................... 8 
Covered Bonds ..................................................... 8 
COVID-19 ......................................................... 15 
CRA Regulation ................................................... i 
Credit Institution ................................................ 74 
CSD Act ..................................................... 10, 157 
CSDR ......................................................... 10, 157 
Currency Swap ................................ 132, 158, 162 
Currency Swap Agreement .............. 132, 159, 162 
Currency Swap Provider .......................... 132, 159 
Day Count Fraction.................... 99, 111, 138, 142 
Dealers .............................................................. i, 3 
Deed of Covenant .............................................. 96 
Defaulting Shareholder ...................................... 58 
Designated Account ......................................... 120 
Designated Bank .............................................. 120 
Designated Maturity ................................ 101, 140 
Determination Date ............................................ 60 
Determination Period ................................. 99, 138 
Dodd-Frank Act ................................................. 25 
EEA ...................................................... i, v, 64, 76 
Eligible Loans .................................................... 50 
EONIA ..................................................... 132, 159 
ERISA .............................................................. 169 
ERISA Plans .................................................... 169 
Established Rate ...................................... 132, 159 
EU Benchmarks Regulation .............................. 26 
EURIBOR ................................................ 132, 159 
euro .................................................... 29, 132, 159 
Euroclear ...................................................... 80, 97 
Euronext Dublin ................................................... i 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market ...................... i 
EUWA ................................................................. v 
Exchange ......................................................... 159 
Exchange Date ................................................... 80 
Exchange Event ........................................... 81, 97 
Exchange Notice ...................................... 123, 151 
Extended Final Maturity Date ........... 19, 132, 159 
Fallbacks ............................................................ 28 
FATCA Withholding Tax ................................ 127 
FCA ................................................................... 26 
Final Redemption Amount .................................. 7 
Final Terms ........................................................... i 
Financial Undertaking ....................................... 74 
first person ....................................................... 161 
Fixed Interest Period .................................. 99, 137 
Fixed Rate Note ............................................... 159 
Fixed Rate Notes ................................................. 6 
Floating Rate ............................................ 101, 140 
Floating Rate Note ........................................... 159 
Floating Rate Notes ............................................. 6 
Floating Rate Option................................ 101, 140 
foreign passthru payments ............................... 168 
FSAN ................................................................ i, 2

--- Page 187 ---
0013726-0004656 UKO2: 2004355849.12 
179 
 
 
FSMA ................................................................... v 
FTT ................................................................... 168 
Fund .................................................................... 64 
Global Note ........................................................ 95 
holder of Notes ................................................... 98 
holders ................................................................ 96 
holders of VPS Notes ....................................... 135 
IGAs ................................................................. 168 
Independent Adviser ......................................... 118 
Inspector ............................................................. 78 
Insurance Distribution Directive .................. v, 173 
Interest Amount ........................................ 111, 141 
Interest Commencement Date .......................... 159 
Interest Payment Date .............................. 100, 139 
Interest Rate Swap ............................ 132, 159, 163 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement ......... 132, 159, 163 
Interest Rate Swap Provider ..................... 133, 159 
Investor Report ................................................... 35 
Investor's Currency ............................................. 29 
ISDA Definitions ...................................... 101, 140 
ISDA Rate ................................................ 101, 140 
Issue Date ......................................................... 159 
Issue Price............................................................. 5 
Issuer ................................................... i, 2, 95, 135 
Kredittforetak ....................................................... 2 
LCR .................................................................... 24 
Legislation .......................................................... 74 
Long Maturity Note .......................................... 119 
Longest Dated Notes .......................................... 61 
Maturities.............................................................. 5 
MiFID II .................................................... i, v, 173 
Moody's ................................................. i, 133, 159 
Mortgage Loans ............................................ 16, 47 
NGN ........................................................... 80, 120 
NIBOR...................................................... 133, 159 
NOK ............................................................. 29, 63 
Non-retiring Shareholders .................................. 61 
Norges Bank ....................................................... 63 
Noteholders .............................................. 8, 96, 98 
Notes ...................................................................... i 
Notification ............................................................ i 
NSFR .................................................................. 24 
Observation Period ........................................... 103 
OECD ................................................................. 76 
Official List .......................................................... i 
Ordinary Note Conditions ............................... i, 95 
Ordinary Notes ................................................ i, 95 
Original Reference Rate ................................... 118 
Originators .......................................... 3, 12, 16, 47 
Oslo Business Days .......................................... 160 
outstanding ....................................................... 160 
Overcollateralisation ...................... 13, 22, 98, 137 
participating Member States ............................. 168 
parties in interest or disqualified persons ......... 169 
Paying Agent ........................................................ 4 
Paying Agents ..................................................... 95 
Payment Day ............................................ 121, 150 
Permanent Global Note...................................... 81 
Plan Asset Regulation ...................................... 169 
Plan Fiduciary .................................................. 170 
Plans................................................................. 169 
PRIIPs Regulation ............................................... v 
Principal Paying Agent ............................ 4, 80, 95 
Proceedings .............................................. 131, 157 
Programme ............................................................ i 
Programme Agreement .................................... 171 
Pro-rata Share .................................................... 61 
Prospectus Regulation ..................................... i, iii 
PTCE ............................................................... 169 
Public Sector Loans ........................................... 76 
Put Notice ................................................ 125, 153 
Rating Agencies ....................................... 133, 160 
Rating Agency ................................................... 61 
Re-allocation Date ............................................. 57 
Record Date ..................................................... 120 
records ..................................................... 133, 160 
Redeemed Notes .............................................. 124 
Redeemed VPS Notes ...................................... 152 
Redenomination Date .............................. 133, 160 
Reduced Payments ........................................... 163 
Reference Banks .............................................. 160 
Reference Date................................................... 61 
Reference Rate ......................................... 133, 160 
Register ...................................... 75, 120, 133, 160 
Registered Definitive Notes ............................... 95 
Registered Global Note.................................... 133 
Registered Notes ............................................. i, 96 
Registrar ......................................................... 4, 95 
Regulation S ..................................... i, 10, 80, 133 
Regulation S Notes .......................................... 172 
Regulations .................................................... 8, 16 
Relevant Date .......................... 126, 133, 154, 160 
relevant Dealer ...................................................... i 
Relevant Maturity Date...................................... 60 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................. 118 
Relevant Notes ......................................... 133, 161 
relevant Series of Notes ..................................... 19 
Reset Date ................................................ 101, 140 
Residential Mortgages ....................................... 21 
Retiring Shareholder Bank ................................ 61 
SARON .................................................... 133, 161 
Scorecard ........................................................... 48 
SEC ..................................................................... iv 
second person .................................................. 161 
Securities Act .......................................... i, 10, 133 
Selection Date .......................................... 124, 153 
Series ......................................................... 96, 135 
Shareholder Banks ......................................... 2, 16 
Shareholder Note Commitment ......................... 61 
Shareholder Note Purchase Agreement ............. 59 
Shareholder Notes .............................................. 59 
Shareholders ........................................................ 3

--- Page 188 ---
0013726-0004656 UKO2: 2004355849.12 
180 
 
 
Shareholders' Agreement .................................... 57 
Shortfall .............................................................. 60 
Similar Law ...................................................... 169 
SONIA .............................................. 103, 133, 161 
Specified Currency ............................................. 95 
Specified Denomination ..................................... 95 
Specified Time ................................................. 161 
Sterling ............................................................... 29 
STIBOR .................................................... 133, 161 
Subsidiary ......................................................... 161 
sub-unit ..................................................... 100, 138 
Successor Rate .................................................. 118 
Swap Agreement ...................................... 133, 161 
Swap Providers ......................................... 133, 161 
Swaps.................................................... 8, 133, 161 
Talons ................................................................. 95 
TARGET System ..................................... 101, 140 
Tax Jurisdiction ........................................ 126, 154 
Temporary Global Note ...................................... 80 
Tranche ....................................................... 96, 135 
Transfer Agent ............................................... 4, 95 
Transfer and Servicing Agreement .............. 51, 59 
Treaty ....................................................... 134, 161 
U.S. dollars ........................................................ 29 
U.S.$ .................................................................. 29 
UK Benchmarks Regulation .............................. 26 
UK CRA Regulation ............................................. i 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ......................................... v 
USD ................................................................... 29 
VPS ............................................................... i, 135 
VPS Agency Agreement .................................. 135 
VPS Agent ................................................... 4, 135 
VPS Conditions .................................................... i 
VPS Letter ......................................................... 84 
VPS Noteholders ............................................. 135 
VPS Notes ..................................................... i, 135 
VPS Trustee ................................................. 4, 135 
VPS Trustee Agreement .................................. 135 
yen ..................................................................... 29 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS 
Børehaugen 1 
PO Box 243 Sentrum  
N-4002 Stavanger 
Norway 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany

--- Page 189 ---
0013726-0004656 UKO2: 2004355849.12 
181 
 
 
VPS AGENT 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS 
Olav V’s gate 5 
N-0161 Oslo 
Norway 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
0160 Oslo 
Norway 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
Kaiserstraße  
16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 Danske Bank A/S  
2-12 Holmens Kanal  
DK-1092 Copenhagen K  
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1101BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany  
 
 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France  
75013 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 190 ---
0013726-0004656 UKO2: 2004355849.12 
182 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT  
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
PO Box 1524 Vika 
NO-0117 Oslo 
Norway 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCooper AS  
Dronning Eufemias gate 71 
0194 Oslo 
Norway