--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
3 May 2023 
SPAREBANKEN VEST 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________________ 
Under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) of Sparebanken Vest (the Issuer) the Issuer may 
from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis (Senior Preferred Notes), (ii) on a non-
preferred basis (Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or (iii) on a subordinated basis with a fixed maturity (Dated Subordinated Notes), 
each as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under this Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  
Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and 
financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. By approving 
this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the 
economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes (issued under the Programme) to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II). Copies of this Base Prospectus, each 
Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each 
document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set 
out in a final terms (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed 
with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).   
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or 
Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with issues of Notes not to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and its validity 
shall therefore expire on 2 May 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes herein, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus, a drawdown prospectus or a new base prospectus, if appropriate, 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated Aa3 (stable outlook) by Moody's Investors Service Nordics (AB) (Moody's). The Programme has been 
rated Aa3 by Moody's. Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom (UK) or registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). However, 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd., which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, has endorsed the

--- Page 2 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
2 
 
 
global sale ratings assigned by its non-UK affiliates, including Moody's. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated 
by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody's.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.   
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, the Bank of England Base 
Rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, (i) the administrators of EURIBOR and SIBOR are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and (ii) the administrators of TIBOR, HIBOR, the Bank of 
England Base Rate and SOFR are not included in such register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England Base Rate and 
SOFR does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation and the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that JBA TIBOR Administration (as administrator of TIBOR) 
and The Hong Kong Association of Banks (as administrator of HIBOR) are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). In such cases, a statement will be included in 
the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not, at the time of issue of the relevant Note, the relevant administrator of the 
“benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
___________________________________________ 
Arranger 
 
HSBC 
 
Dealers 
Commerzbank 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
HSBC 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Natixis 
Nordea

--- Page 3 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below).  This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by 
reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus, any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the 
issue and offering of Notes.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention.  Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted

--- Page 4 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
4 
 
 
by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes outside the European Economic Area or distribution of this document in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area, Norway, the United Kingdom, Belgium, 
Switzerland and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that it would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances 
where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus.  As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area must 
be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus for offers of Notes.  Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of 
Notes in that Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer.  Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or

--- Page 5 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
5 
 
 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating established in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
An investment in the Notes is not an equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an 
investment in Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer, an 
investment in Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of such a deposit. 
Unlike a bank deposit Notes are transferrable. However, Notes may have no established trading 
market when issued, and one may never develop. 
Notes are unsecured and (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. Investments in Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any 
national implementing measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the 
Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in the Notes in a worst case 
scenario could lose their entire investment. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to 
the suitability of any Green Bonds to fulfil any environmental criteria required by any prospective 
investors. None of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (as defined in "Use of 
Proceeds") or the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto), including without 
limitation in connection with any Green Loans, or the allocation of the proceeds of any Green Bonds.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to 
the suitability of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and none of the Dealers nor any of their

--- Page 6 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
6 
 
 
respective affiliates makes any representation as to the content of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including, 
without limitation, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in "Use of Proceeds")) which may or may not 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion are not, nor shall they be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to United States dollars and all 
references to "NOK" are to Norwegian Kroner.  In addition, references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to 
pounds sterling and to "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended.

--- Page 7 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 17 
Additional Information Relating to the Programme ......................................................................................... 36 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 37 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 38 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 40 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 54 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 100 
Sparebanken Vest ........................................................................................................................................... 101 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 110 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 113 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 118 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING 
THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL.  HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR.  
ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT 
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES.  ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-
ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) 
(OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 8 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
8 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. The following overview does not purport to be 
complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published.  Words and expressions defined in 
"Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. 
Issuer: 
Sparebanken Vest 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
213800M7T3CYVZ3ZRT12 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Dealers: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
Natixis 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme.  In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme.  These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" and include the fact that the 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors, certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations,

--- Page 9 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
9 
 
 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if 
the issue proceeds are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination and 
redemption value of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described under "General 
Description of the Programme") outstanding at any 
time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. dollars, yen and, 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.  Unless otherwise permitted by then 
current laws, regulations and directives, Dated 
Subordinated Notes will have a minimum maturity 
of at least five years.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will on issue be 
represented by either a temporary global Note or a 
permanent global Note as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Temporary global Notes will be 
exchangeable either for (i) interests in a permanent 
global Note or (ii) for definitive Notes, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Permanent global

--- Page 10 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
10 
 
 
Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes upon 
either (i) subject to certain exceptions, not less than 
60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such permanent global 
Note) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein or (ii) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described under "Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and on redemption, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes:  
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate 
of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference 
to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant Specified 
Currency, and for a period equal to the reset period, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined on the basis of the reference rate set out 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Depending on whether Term Rate or Overnight Rate 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, Condition 5(c)(ii)(A), Condition 
5(c)(ii)(B) or Condition Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) (as 
applicable) will apply such that, if a Benchmark 
Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as 
applicable) occurs such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined 
by reference to the original benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, then an Independent Adviser (in agreement 
with the Issuer) or (in certain circumstances) the 
Issuer may be permitted to substitute such 
benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to 
the terms of the relevant Notes and the application of 
an adjustment spread (which could be positive, 
negative or zero)). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
11 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Benchmark Replacement applies, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Agent (or the person specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
the 
Interest 
Amount(s))) 
determines 
that 
a 
Benchmark Event or (as the case may be) a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has or have 
occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to an Original Reference Rate, then either 
(a) the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination 
(with the Issuer's agreement) of or, in certain 
circumstances, (b) the Issuer itself shall determine (i) 
a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer agree or (as the case may be) 
the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, 
an alternative rate and, in either case, an alternative 
screen page or source and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) or (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
if Overnight Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Type of Rate, a Benchmark 
Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case no later than  five 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
relevant 
Reset 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date 
(as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons, on a 
Capital Event (in the case of Dated Subordinated 
Notes), on a MREL Disqualification Event (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Condition 7(k) applies), where Issuer

--- Page 12 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
12 
 
 
Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer on its scheduled maturity date at an amount 
equal to, or higher than, 100 per cent. of its nominal 
value. 
 
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to redeem Dated Subordinated Notes (subject to the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator). 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 7(k) applies, if a MREL Disqualification 
Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem 
the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (subject, in the case of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to 
the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator). 
 
No early redemption of (i) Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
(iii) Dated Subordinated Notes may take place 
without the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (if and to the extent such permission is 
required). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes with a 
maturity of less than one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see 
"Certain Restrictions – Notes with a maturity of less 
than one year" above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) unless 
there is an exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made

--- Page 13 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
13 
 
 
without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed by the Kingdom of Norway, subject 
as provided in Condition 8.  In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 
8, be required to pay additional amounts (in the case 
of (i) Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes where Condition 8(b) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
(ii) Dated Subordinated Notes, in respect of any 
payment of interest only (but not principal)) to cover 
the amounts so deducted. 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to fiscal and other laws, 
as provided in Condition 8. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 4 
applies, contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 10 
applies, contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 10. 
 
Notes in respect of which the Final Terms specify 
that Condition 10 does not apply will not contain any 
events of default. 
Set-off: 
Holders of (i) Senior Non-Preferred Notes (ii) Dated 
Subordinated Notes and (iii) Senior Preferred Notes 
in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Condition 2(b) applies, will not be 
entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under such 
Notes against obligations owed by them to the 
Issuer. 
Substitution or Variation (if Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 7(m) applies, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or 
in 
order 
to 
ensure 
the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i), (if 
applicable and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) the relevant  Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, 
or vary their terms so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities 
(as defined in Condition 7(m)), as further provided in 
Condition 7(m)). 
Substitution or Variation (if Dated Subordinated 
Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 7(l) applies, if at any time a Capital Event 
occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the

--- Page 14 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
14 
 
 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, the 
Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(i), (to the extent so required), either substitute all 
(but not some only) the relevant Dated Subordinated 
Notes for, or vary their terms so that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities (as defined in Condition 7(l)), as further 
provided in Condition 7(l). 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes 
are “Senior Preferred Notes”, the Notes will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (where 
relevant), unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, 
present and future, from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes 
are “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, the Notes will 
constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and subject as set out in the paragraph 
below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, 
administration or other winding up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration (except, in any such 
case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-
up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the 
terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation have previously been approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders (as defined below) 
and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable), claims of the holders of 
Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of or 
arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any 
amounts attributable to the Notes and Coupons and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference 
among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities and 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if 
any;  
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future 
claims of Senior Creditors.

--- Page 15 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
15 
 
 
Status of the Dated Subordinated Notes: 
The Dated Subordinated Notes will constitute 
unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
subordinated as described in Condition 3, and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, 
administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration, claims of the holders 
of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of 
or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including 
any amounts attributable to the Notes and Coupons 
and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: (i) pari passu 
without any preference among themselves; (ii) at 
least pari passu with claims in respect of 
Subordinated Parity Securities; (iii) in priority to 
claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; 
and (iv) junior to any present or future claims of 
Specified Senior Creditors. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve 
this document as a base prospectus.  Application has 
also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not 
the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated by Moody's in 
respect of the Issuer.  Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where an issue 
of Notes is rated its rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating applicable to the Programme.  
Where an issue of Notes is rated, the rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law, except Conditions 2, 3, 19 and 20 
which will be governed by, and construed in

--- Page 16 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
16 
 
 
accordance with, Norwegian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer 
of the Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area, Belgium, Norway, the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer 
has identified in this Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and 
ability to make payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFEECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks relating to the credit quality and/or solvency of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties 
Material deterioration in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers may lead to the Issuer being unable to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from borrowers 
and other counterparties are inherent in many areas of the Issuer’s business. As the Issuer currently conducts 
the majority of its business in Norway, its performance is influenced by the level and cyclical nature of 
business activity in Norway, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic factors 
(for example fluctuations in the price of oil and gas). 
 
2022 was a year marked by great uncertainty. The ongoing war in Ukraine, soaring energy prices, and 
lingering supply-chain effects from the COVID-19 pandemic, combined with central banks tightening 
interest rates to combat inflation, led to a challenging macroeconomic environment. Norges Bank raised its 
policy rate six times in 2022, from 0.50 per cent.to 2.75 per cent. However, unemployment levels in Norway 
remained low and Norwegian household income levels were robust, which supported a healthy level of 
economic activity in Norway throughout the year. 
However, if Norges Bank’s monetary tightening efforts are not deemed successful in the short term, this may 
have an adverse impact on the level of economic activity in Norway. If the Issuer’s borrowers suffer a 
decline in income (whether in absolute terms or relative to their expenses), borrowers may be unable to meet 
their payment obligations on their loans, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and/or financial condition and consequently its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Nonetheless, even if a sharp economic downturn is avoided, the monetary tightening already performed 
could introduce challenges for businesses going forward which may result in an increase in the number of 
bankruptcies. 
If the Issuer’s borrowers default on secured loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to 
realise the value of the collateral securing these loans. When the collateral is enforced, a court order may be 
needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay (if disputed by the borrower) and to enable a sale by 
executive measures. If, in the context of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant 
court decision or the relevant market in which the mortgage or other form of security is established 
substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan. 
Any failure to recover the full amount of the loans could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeapordise the Issuer's ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Residential real estate 
As of 31 December 2022, 75.4 per cent. and NOK 170.0 billion of the Issuer’s total gross loans were related 
to residential real estate. Despite global geopolitical headwinds and rising interest rates, the Norwegian 
economy, and particularly housing prices, performed well relative to markets in neighbouring countries in

--- Page 18 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
18 
 
 
2022. However, rising costs, economic uncertainty and higher interest rates are expected to have a cooling 
effect on the Norwegian economy in 2023, which may negatively impact the value of residential real estate. 
An economic downturn may further adversely impact the financial vulnerability of mortgage borrowers, 
especially the young and/or lower income households.  
A significant decline in the value of residential real estate could significantly reduce the value of the 
collateral for such loans. If accompanied by a deterioration in market conditions and/or higher 
unemployment, which in turn could result in difficulties for the Issuer’s customers in meeting their payment 
obligations, this could lead to increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and 
losses for the Issuer, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or 
financial condition and consequently jeapordise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the 
Notes. 
Commercial real estate 
As of 31 December 2022, 7.7 per cent. and NOK 17.2 billion of the Issuer’s total gross loans were related to 
commercial real estate. The commercial real estate portfolio includes loans to owners of commercial 
properties for leasing with long-term contracts such as office buildings, hotels, restaurants and retail stores.  
Norway’s annualised consumer price index approached 6.00 per cent. at the end of 2022, well above Norge 
Bank’s target of 2.00 per cent. To combat inflation and ease the pressure on the economy, Norges Bank 
raised its policy rate from 0.50 per cent.to 2.75 per cent., the highest level in almost 14 years. Following 
several years with low interest rates, where commercial property prices have risen markedly as a result of 
increasing rental prices and low required rates of return, commercial tenants are now operating in a more 
costly landscape. As such, the yield on prime-commercial real estate has declinded through 2022, and may 
lead to a decrease in the valuation of commercial real estate. Furthermore, if Norges Bank fails to combat 
inflation in the short-term, further tightening in its monetary policy is expected, which could have a 
significant adverse impact on the credit quality of commercial tenants and, consequently, on their ability to 
pay rent. Adding the effects of increased cost of electricity as well as increased interest payments, 
commercial real estate tenants may face more challenges to repay their loans going forward.  
Increased disruptions in repayments of rent from commercial tenants will result in reduced revenue for the 
lessors, which in turn could result in disruptions in payment obligations under loans provided by the Issuer. 
Disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer may in turn adversely 
affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeapordise the 
Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Oil-related exposures 
The risk related to the Issuer’s offshore service portfolio was mitigated by strong oil and gas prices 
throughout 2022. As of 31 December 2022, 0.42 per cent. (NOK 0.946 billion) of the Issuer’s total gross 
loans were related to offshore services. However, a prolonged period with low oil and gas prices could result 
in a material adverse affect on the cash flows of the companies operating in these industries. This could have 
a significant impact on offshore service companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective credit 
quality, thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by the Issuer on its loan 
portfolio within this sector. This may in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations 
and/or financial condition and consequently jeapordise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Shipping 
As of 31 December 2022, loans to customers within the shipping sector represented 3.7 per cent. (NOK 8.4 
billion) of the Issuer’s total gross loans. The shipping industry is driven, among other things, by the demand 
in international trade. During 2022, the demand of freight within the shipping industry materially increased. 
During the same period, the industry experienced a material increase in fuel and interest expenses. If fuel and 
interest expenses remain at the current level, combined with a decrease in demand of freight services as 
result of lower global commerce, this could have a significant adverse impact on shipping companies’ 
profitability. This could result in a downturn in their respective credit quality, which in turn could lead to a 
material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by the Issuer. This may in turn adversely affect

--- Page 19 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
19 
 
 
the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeapordise the 
Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Fisheries, aquaculture and agriculture 
As of 31 December 2022, 4.4 per cent. (NOK 9.9 billion) of the Issuer’s total gross loans were related to 
fisheries, aquaculture, and agriculture. The NOK exchange rate was weakened during 2022, leading to 
increased profits among exporters of fish from Norway, as most sell their products in EUR and USD, and 
have their operating costs in NOK. However, a material strengthening of the Norwegian krone during 2023 
may lead to lower profits and by extension, worsening their credit levels. The Norwegian government has 
proposed a new special-tax on the profits of fish-farms, which may reduce the profibality of such companies. 
Further, if central banks’ tightening efforts are not deemed successful in combating the high inflation seen in 
most developing countries in the short term, most economies run a real risk of a sharp economic downturn. 
Such a downturn may reduce the demand for fish and agricultural products which could result in a material 
adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating within the seafood industry and agriculture. This 
could significantly impact  such companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective credit 
quality, thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by the Issuer within this 
sector. This may in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations and/or financial condition 
and consequently jeapordise the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Counterparty defaults may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
The Issuer executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate clients. Many of 
these transactions expose the Issuer to the risk that the Issuer’s counterparty defaults on its obligations prior 
to maturity when the Issuer has an outstanding claim against that counterparty. The counterparty risk may be 
exacerbated when the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices insufficient to 
recover the full amount of counterparty exposure. Any such counterparty default may have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s cash flows, business, financial position and results of operations, with potential adverse 
consequences on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Interest Rate and Liqudity Risks 
The Issuer’s business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive environment 
affecting spreads on its lending and deposits 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Issuer’s lending and deposit spreads. 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits or its 
funding costs and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers. Although both the interest rates 
payable by the Issuer on deposits and the interest rates that it is able to charge on loans to customers are 
mainly floating rates, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to reprice its floating rate assets and 
liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term.  
Deposits represent one of the Issuer’s main sources of funding. The Issuer is subject to competition for 
customer deposits and the current rising interest rate environment has increased customer awaraness of 
interest rates on their deposits, thus putting pressure on the Issuer’s deposit spread. Interest rates are sensitive 
to several factors that are out of the Issuer’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments 
and central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. A further  increase in interest 
rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by the Issuer’s 
customers. Conversely, a reduction in the interest rates may adversely affect the Issuer through, among other 
things, a decrease in demand for deposits and increased competition in respect of deposit rates and interest 
rates on loans to customers, which in turn could adversely affect the Issuer’s funding costs and the Issuer’s 
ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
The Issuer may not be able to obtain wholesale funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all 
Due to changes in customer savings behaviour and relatively high credit demand, the Issuer is also 
dependent on sources of capital other than deposits, such as wholesale funding, including issuance of long-
term debt market instruments. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be

--- Page 20 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
20 
 
 
constrained during periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may 
adversely affect the Issuer’s liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do 
business with the Issuer. 
The market turmoil caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine in late February 2022, significantly increased 
the credit spreads on the Issuer’s senior unsecured financing. Even though credit spreads remained elevated 
throughout 2022, compared to previous years, the credit market in both the eurozone and in Norway fared 
relatively well. However, if the war expands to Ukraine’s neighbouring countries, and/or involves a number 
of countries in Europe and/or NATO, credit markets may dry up, leaving the Issuer unable to refinance its 
borrowings under commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer such as a downturn in the international or domestic 
financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, the Programme and/or any outstanding Notes. A 
credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations 
under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity 
position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the 
competitive position of) the Issuer, and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions 
with the Issuer. Any of these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in obtaining funding on 
commercially reasonable terms or at all, which in turn may adversely impact the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and/or financial condition and consequently jeapordise the Issuer’s ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes.  
Risks relating to ICT and cybercrime 
The Issuer is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be adequate to 
the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and communication 
technology (ICT) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches and towards 
greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of applications on smartphones. ICT 
systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, malicious 
hacking, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. ICT systems need regular upgrading to 
meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements and to keep pace with possible expansion 
into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance on information and communication 
technology more broadly. The Issuer may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, 
and upgrades may fail to function as planned.  
In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues 
associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, there is a risk that the Issuer could 
face liability for losses due to ICT system failures. There is also a risk that the Issuer could face fines from 
bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable them to comply with applicable banking or reporting 
regulations, including data protection regulations. 
The Issuer is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems. 
Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant outsourcing 
contract, the Issuer’s ICT systems may be adversely affected. In particular, the Issuer and its customers have 
been, and may in the future become, affected by network problems, which relate to third-party suppliers, and 
which have affected and might affect in the future certain of the Issuer’s internet banking, mobile app and 
cash machine functions, resulting in service interruptions. A major disruption to the Issuer’s ICT systems, 
whether under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material adverse effect on 
the normal operation of the Issuer’s business and thus on its financial condition and the results of its 
operations. 
Cybercrime 
The Issuer’s activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT 
crime in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continuously 
evolving. The Norwegian Police Security Service (PST) informs about threats facing the Norwegian society 
in its yearly National Threat Assessment-report. In the report for 2023, the Russian intelligence services is 
highlighted as the greatest threat this year. The PST states that it is not likely that acts of sabotage will be

--- Page 21 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
21 
 
 
carried out by Russia on Norwegian territory in 2023, however this scenario can become more relevant if 
Russia’s conflict with NATO and the West escalates. The Issuer may experience sabotage by way of 
cyberattack. Such cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Issuer’s internet bank users and include the 
potential unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank 
credentials as well as account and credit card information. The Issuer may experience security breaches or 
unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or 
losses to the Issuer, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
reputation and results of operations. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks applicable to Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior 
Preferred Notes 
There are no events of default in relation to Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
certain Senior Preferred Notes 
In the event that the Issuer fails to pay interest or principal when due on any Dated Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (if the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 10 is not applicable) 
Senior Preferred Notes, the holders of such Notes shall not be entitled to accelerate the Notes in accordance 
with their terms. 
The Issuer's obligations under Dated Subordinated Notes are subordinated and investors in Dated 
Subordinated Notes assume an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer's obligations under Dated Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
junior in priority of payment of the claims of more senior ranking creditors of the Issuer (such as the Senior 
Preferred Noteholders and Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders). Although Dated Subordinated Notes may pay 
a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated to the same extent, there is a real 
risk that an investor in Dated Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent or should the Issuer or the Notes become subject to the actions described in the risk factor 
entitled "Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuer" below. 
If, on a winding up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the 
claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the 
Dated Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-
ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in 
respect of the Dated Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Dated 
Subordinated Notes, Noteholders will lose some or all of their investment in the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Dated Subordinated Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if 
any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer's obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer 
The Issuer's obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be unsecured and will rank junior to present 
and future obligations of the Issuer in respect of Senior Creditors of the Issuer, as further described in 
Condition 2(a)(ii).  Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Senior 
Preferred Notes or other liabilities of the Issuer which rank in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, an 
investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent or should the Issuer or the Notes become subject to the actions described in the risk factor entitled

--- Page 22 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
22 
 
 
"Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-
viability of the Issuer" below. 
Substitution and variation of Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes without Noteholder consent 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 7(l) (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or 
Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any 
time a Capital Event (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or a MREL Disqualification Event (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) occurs or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the relevant Noteholders) either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, as the case may be, 
for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 19 from 
Norwegian law to English law), as the case may be, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or Qualifying MREL 
Securities (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as further provided in 
Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m), as the case may be.  The Terms and Conditions of such substituted or 
varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially 
different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, provided that the relevant Notes remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying MREL Securities, as the case may 
be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.   
While the Issuer cannot otherwise make changes to the terms of Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes as a class, the governing law of Condition 19 
may be changed from Norwegian law to English law in order to ensure its effectiveness and enforceability.  
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder.  In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different 
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes as "eligible 
liabilities" is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the 
Applicable MREL Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer. However, if the Applicable MREL Regulations 
were to change after a series of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes were issued, the 
Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to 
Condition 7(i) (if applicable), (i) where the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 7(k) to be applicable, 
redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms specify 
Condition 7(m) to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, or vary 
the terms of such Series of Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying MREL 
Securities. See "Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" and "In certain circumstances, the Issuer 
can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes" for a description of the risks related to an early redemption of 
Notes or the substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Notes. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In addition to the call rights described below under “Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer”, 
Dated Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum 
period of, for example, five years.  To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must (if, and to the extent, then 
required by the Relevant Regulator) obtain the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator.

--- Page 23 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
23 
 
 
Any early redemption by the Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes is 
also subject to the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required by 
the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by 
the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the 
regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time. There can be no 
assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call. Holders of such Notes should be aware that 
they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess 
of the minimum period (if applicable).  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value 
of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be. 
Waiver of set-off 
The Senior Non-Preferred and Dated Subordinated Noteholders and respective Couponholders and (if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 2(b) applies) Senior Preferred Noteholders and respective 
Couponholders will not be entitled to set off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations 
owed by them to the Issuer. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to Dated Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes is limited to payments of interest only 
The Issuer’s obligation under Condition 8 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of (i) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes where Condition 8(b) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) 
Dated Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal or any other 
amounts. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of such 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal or such other amounts. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any 
such Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal due under such Notes upon 
redemption, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes (including for taxation reasons, (in the case of Dated Subordinated 
Notes) following a Capital Event, (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
where the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 7(k) is applicable) following a MREL Disqualification 
Event) and where Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) is 
likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect 
to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider the reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.

--- Page 24 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
24 
 
 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-
viability of the Issuer 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive or the BRRD) entered into force. BRRD has been implemented in Norway through 
amendments to Chapter 20 of the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 
(Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 nr. 17) (the Financial Institutions Act), which 
took effect on 1 January 2019. The implementing legislation grants authority to the FSAN to implement 
detailed requirements and supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution authority.  
The Issuer is a Norwegian bank and accordingly falls within the scope of the BRRD as implemented in 
Norway. The only bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or administrative procedures to which a bank such 
as the Issuer could be subject under the laws of Norway, are either resolution pursuant to the tools provided 
for under the BRRD, or winding up by way of public administration as further set out in Chapter 20 of the 
Financial Institutions Act.  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial 
and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – 
which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control), which may limit the capacity of the firm to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset 
separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which 
would include claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing institution 
(which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt 
claims (including Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), which equity 
or other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. The BRRD also 
provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools to 
the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity 
support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to 
be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
If the Issuer becomes subject to resolution as provided for in the BRRD, holders of Notes may be subject to 
the application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their 
investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the principal amount 
or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as 
well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD as implemented in 
Norway or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the

--- Page 25 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
25 
 
 
price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under 
any Notes. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes 
will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other 
creditors such as depositors. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is 
less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a 
holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the firm (which is 
referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is 
unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a 
considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation as compared to when amounts may otherwise have 
been due under the Notes. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Dated Subordinated Notes) 
at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). 
The Banking Reform Package (as defined below) extends the scope of non-viability loss absorption powers 
to certain eligible liabilities (see “Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements”). Any shares issued to 
holders of the Dated Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any 
application of the general bail-in tool and/or other resolution powers as outlined above. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which: (i) the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or in the near future is expected to 
meet such conditions; or (ii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution or its group 
other than for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to 
preserve financial stability; and (iii) the relevant authority determines that the institution or its group will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Dated Subordinated Notes) are written 
down or converted. 
In addition to becoming subject to the general bail-in tool, holders of Dated Subordinated Notes may 
accordingly be subject to write-down or conversion into equity as a result of the non-viability loss absorption 
rules, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.  
Under the BRRD, there is a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own 
funds and other eligible liabilities (MREL) which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in 
order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect (subject to 
transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
of 23 May 2016 sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology 
for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. On 8 December 2022, the FSAN 
communicated the MREL requirement for the Issuer, being 26.00 per cent. of the Issuer’s adjusted risk 
weighted assets from time to time. As per paragraph 4 of Article 128 of the Capital Requirements Directive, 
the Issuer shall not use Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital that is maintained to meet the combined 
buffer requirement (CBR) to meet its risk-weighted MREL requirement. Accordingly, the Issuer’s effective 
MREL requirement is 35.00 per cent. of the Issuer’s adjusted risk-weighted assets, which equals the sum of 
26.00 per cent and the CBR. Future changes to the CBR will automatically be reflected in and affect the 
Issuer’s effective MREL requirement.   
 The MREL requirement determined by the FSAN must be met with MREL qualifying instruments, of which 
a certain percentage shall be subordinated liabilities. MREL qualifying instruments are instruments that 
qualify as eligible liabilities instruments under the BRRD and Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the Capital 
Requirements Regulation, CRR) (as amended from time to time).

--- Page 26 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
26 
 
 
The subordination requirement shall be fulfilled entirely from 1 January 2024. The subordination 
requirement equals 2x the minimum capital requirement in Pillar 1 + 2x the Pillar 2 requirement + the CBR. 
CET1 capital that is maintained to meet the CBR may also be used to meet the subordination requirement. 
An interim requirement for subordination shall be met from 1 January 2023. This interim requirement is set 
inbetween the minimum requirement for subordination that applied from 1 January 2022 and the final 
subordination requirement that will apply from 1 January 2024.  
Noteholders should be aware that a broad range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders 
may lose all or some of their investment in any Notes that are bailed-in. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, there can be no 
assurance that such use of net proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Green Loans (as 
defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes and 
Notes issued thereunder to be referred to as Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds 
of the Notes nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and 
other assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between the Notes and any Green Loans. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in this Base Prospectus and/or the 
relevant Final Terms regarding such use of an amount equal to such proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by 
the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any Green Loans will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Loans).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-
labelled loan or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular loan to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in 
the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria 
for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, until 
all the technical screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy have been 
finalised, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for any 
Green Loans or Green Bonds will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under any future regulations on 
sustainable finance or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime 
implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other 
equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any other) framework for such securities. 
The Issuer has published a framework relating to an investment in Green Loans or the issuance of Green 
Bonds which has been made available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including, without 
limitation, the Second Party Opinion) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue 
of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social

--- Page 27 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
27 
 
 
and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and this Base Prospectus 
and/or the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant loan(s) or use(s) which are the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally 
disbursed for the specified Green Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Loans will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor 
the application of the amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds issued under the 
Programme.  
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any 
Green Loans as aforesaid will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute 
an Event of Default, or, as the case may be, enforcement event under the relevant Green Bonds; (iii) lead to 
an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds; or (iv) affect the 
qualification of such Green Bonds which are also Dated Subordinated Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes 
(as the case may be) as Tier 2 capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or as eligible 
liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments (as applicable). The withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification as described above, or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or 
any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds and also 
potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance Green Loans and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. In addition, as noted above, the Green Bonds may not meet any future definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled asset, should such definition or consensus materialise. 
The payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Notes shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant Green Loans or any other environmental targets of the Issuer, nor will any 
investors in the same have any preferred right against such assets.

--- Page 28 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
28 
 
 
The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above, or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes, and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's Green Bond Framework for further information. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if 
there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date). On the first Reset Date, however, and on each 
subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate and the applicable Reset Margin as determined by the Issue and Paying 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Modification and waiver 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders and Couponholders 
including those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and those who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, without the consent 
of Noteholders or Couponholders agree to (i) any modification (except as mentioned in Condition 15) of the 
Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.

--- Page 29 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
29 
 
 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples; definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks relating to the regulatory environment of the Issuer  
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in 
recent years in order to increase capital requirements, increase the quantity and quality of capital and raise 
liquidity levels in the banking sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) and implemented by the EU through 
CRD IV (as defined below). 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and to 
implement the Basel III agreement into the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital 
requirements. The package included Directive 2013/36/EU (the Capital Requirements Directive, CRD IV) 
and the CRR. CRD IV and CRR were implemented into Norwegian law on 31 December 2019. 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks consist of two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital 
requirements determined by the political authorities. As per the provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, 
banks must hold own funds at least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets (RWAs), of which at 
least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 
capital. 
In addition to the minimum 4.5 per cent. CET1 requirement, the Financial Institutions Act and the 
Regulation on CRR/CRD IV (No.: CRR/CRD IV-forskriften) impose various capital buffer requirements 
which must be met by Norwegian financial institutions with CET1 capital. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the minimum buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, 
(ii) a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of RWAs and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 2.0 per cent. of 
RWAs which, effective from 31 March 2023, will increase to 2.5 per cent. of RWAs. 
The Financial Institutions Act gives FSAN power to require banks to hold additional capital, commonly 
referred to as “Pillar 2”. The Pillar 2 requirement imposed by the FSAN comes in addition to the Pillar 1 
requirements and is intended to cover institution-specific risks which are not covered or only partly covered 
by Pillar 1. The current Pillar 2 requirement for the Issuer is 1.5 per cent. 
The Basel III framework also provides for capital requirements based on total (i.e., non-risk weighted) 
assets, referred to as leverage ratio requirements. Currently, the Issuer is required to maintain a leverage ratio 
of minimum 3 per cent.

--- Page 30 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
30 
 
 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee adopted changes to several parts of the Basel III standards for 
capital adequacy assessments, aiming, among other things, to ensure greater consistency between banks’ 
reported capital adequacy figures and capital requirements (such changes being commonly referred to as 
Basel IV). Basel IV includes adjustments to the standardised approach and the internal ratings-based 
approach, as well as the introduction of a new capital floor. The new capital floor requirement will reduce 
differences in risk weights and result in more harmonised capital requirements across national borders. Basel 
IV was planned to take effect 1 January 2022, with a five-year phase-in period. In response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the deadline was postponed by one year to 1 January 2023, with a five-year phasing-in period. On 
27 October 2021, the European Commission proposed to implement Basel IV with effect from 1 January 
2025 with transitional arrangements applying over a further five-year period.  
As the implementation of Basel IV requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its 
implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible assets or 
not), may be subject to some level of national variation. 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector by setting requirements for 
a liquidity coverage ratio (the LCR). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has introduced an LCR 
requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. Due to the limited size of the domestic capital 
market, the minimum requirement for LCR in NOK is set at 50 per cent. for banks that have U.S.$ and/or 
euro as other significant currencies, with the difference being made up by either U.S.$ or euro. As a result 
and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the Issuer may need to hold additional liquid assets, 
which may have an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 
A net stable funding ratio (NSFR) has also been introduced with the Basel III framework. The funding ratio 
seeks to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR (CRR II) introduced a binding NSFR of at least 100 per 
cent.. The CRR II has been implemented in Norwegian law and took effect 1 June 2022. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the 
CRD IV, the CRR and the BRRD and proposed an amending directive to facilitate the creation of a new 
asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt (the Banking Reform Package). The Banking Reform Package 
covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, the mandatory restrictions on 
distributions, the permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, the macroprudential tools, a new 
category of “non-preferred” senior debt, the MREL (as defined above) framework and the integration of the 
Financial Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. The various 
directives and regulations intended to implement the Banking Reform Package were published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force in the European Union on 27 June 
2019.  
On 9 April 2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal to the Norwegian 
Parliament for the implementation of the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD (respectively, 
CRR II, CRD V and BRRD II) into Norwegian law. The legislative proposal was adopted by the Norwegian 
Parliament on 18 June 2021 and entered into force 1 June 2022. 
The new category of “non-preferred” senior debt mentioned above is included in the Banking Reform 
Package by virtue of a draft amending directive facilitating the creation of such new asset class of “non-
preferred” senior debt which was published in final form on 12 December 2017 (the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive). A legislative proposal transposing the Creditor Hierarchy Directive into Norwegian law through 
amendments of the Financial Institutions  Act was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament on 23 April 2021 
and entered into force on 1 July 2021. 
In order to ensure compliance within an ever-changing regulatory landscape, the Issuer may need to increase 
its capital ratios in the future by reducing its lending or investment in other operations or raising additional 
capital. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, may not be 
available on attractive terms or at all. In addition, it is difficult to predict what regulatory requirements 
relating to capital may be imposed in the future or accurately estimate the impact that any currently proposed 
regulatory changes may have on the business, the products and services offered by the Issuer and the values 
of its assets. For example, if any entity of the Issuer is required to make additional provisions, increase its

--- Page 31 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
31 
 
 
reserves or capital, or exit or change its approach to certain businesses as a result of the initiatives to 
strengthen the regulation of credit institutions, this could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s results of 
operations or financial condition. 
There are risks that certain "benchmark" rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, 
which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such 
"benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR, SIBOR, TIBOR, 
HIBOR and the Bank of England Base Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Workstreams are underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to provide a 
fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a 
methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate (€STR) as the new risk free rate. €STR was first published by the ECB 
in October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group published a set of 
guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The 
guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant 
contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  
Where Benchmark Replacement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that:

--- Page 32 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
32 
 
 
 
a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, then the 
Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser for the 
purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in 
Condition 5(e)) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot 
select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement 
rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
apply; or, as the case may be 
 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Bencmark Replacement Date (each as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) have occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Benchmark 
Replacement (as further described in Condition 5(f)). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot 
select, the Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer may determine the Benchmark Replacement, 
provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Benchmark Replacement, the 
further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates, Alternative Reference 
Rates and Benchmark Replacements and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest or for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Reset Notes, the application of the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date, or in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
application of the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date.  
The use of a Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or a Benchmark Replacement may result in 
interest payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current 
form. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or Benchmark Replacement or adjustment spread, if 
applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to 
elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate, Benchmark Replacement or adjustment spread, if 
applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In addition, while any adjustment 
spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between 
counterparties, the application of an adjustment spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the 
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer has also undertaken in the Conditions that it will not make any amendment pursuant to Condition 
5(e) or Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if to do so could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as, in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior 
Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or, in the 
case of the Dated Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of 
the Issuer. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 33 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
33 
 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may provide that the Rate of Interest for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR. SOFR is an ‘overnight rate’. Overnight rates differ from 
inter-bank offered rates, such as EURIBOR, SIBOR, TIBOR and HIBOR, in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas inter-
bank offered rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that SOFR, as an overnight rate, may behave 
materially differently as an interest reference rate for Notes issued under the Programme compared to inter-
bank offered rates. The use of overnight rates such as SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds is subject to 
continued change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development 
and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of Eurobonds referencing such overnight 
rates. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing SOFR should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to SOFR in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to inter-
bank offered rates. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led working groups have 
explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for such rates (including 
so-called ‘shift’ and ‘lag’ methodologies) and forward-looking ‘term’ reference rates derived from these 
overnight rates have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption of overnight rates may also see 
component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from another reference rate to an 
overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt SOFR in a way that differs significantly from the 
provisions relating to SOFR set out in the Conditions. In addition, the methodology for determining any 
overnight rate index for SOFR could change during the life of any Notes referencing SOFR. Furthermore, 
the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous SOFR-referencing Notes issued by it under the Programme. 
The continued development of SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets and the market 
infrastructure for adopting it, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
adversely affect the market price of any Notes referencing SOFR issued under the Programme from time to 
time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference SOFR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some 
investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to inter-bank-based Notes, if 
Notes referencing SOFR rate become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default, or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
when compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SOFR. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing SOFR. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:

--- Page 34 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
34 
 
 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets, including in 
circumstances where a significant proportion of the Notes is held by a limited number of initial investor(s).  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case 
should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 35 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
35 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in the section entitled "Sparebanken Vest – History" and on 
the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
36 
 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject as 
set out herein.  An overview of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes appears below.  
The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the 
issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, attached to, or 
incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or 
endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then 
outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed 
€3,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies.  For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes, described under "Form of the Notes") shall 
be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which agreement is reached for 
the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the 
euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted 
by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to 
the relevant Notes, described under "Form of the Notes") and other Notes issued at a discount or a 
premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds received 
by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 37 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
37 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The parts identified below of the following documents which have previously been published shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which appear on pages 54 to 142 of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 (which is available to view online at: 
https://www.spv.no/-/media/IR-dokumenter/Finansiell-info/2022/%C3%85rsrapport-norsk-og-eng-
2022/Annual-Report-2022.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages1:  
 
Balance Sheet...........................................................................................  
30 
Income Statement ....................................................................................  
29 
Cash flow statement .................................................................................  
31 
Changes in equity ....................................................................................  
31-32 
Accounting Principles and Notes .............................................................  
32-71 
Audit Report ............................................................................................  
72-74 
(b) 
Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31 December 2021 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 which appear on pages 76 to 176 of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 (which is available to view online at: 
https://www.spv.no/-/media/IR-dokumenter/Finansiell-info/2021/%C3%85rsrapport-norsk-og-
eng/Annual_Report_2021.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages2: 
 
Balance Sheet...........................................................................................  
41 
Income Statement ....................................................................................  
40 
Cash flow statement .................................................................................  
42 
Changes in equity ....................................................................................  
42-43 
Accounting Principles and Notes .............................................................  
43-81 
Audit Report ............................................................................................  
81-84 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to above (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in items (a) to (c) above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
                                                     
1 The page number references below relate to the page numbers of the PDF document in electronic form. 
2 The page number references below relate to the page numbers of the PDF document in electronic form.

--- Page 38 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
38 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note 
(a Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary 
(the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to 
any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent (the Agent). 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) subject to the following 
proviso, for definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given; provided that a Temporary Global Note 
representing Notes having denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination and integral 
multiples of a smaller amount there above may only be exchanged for definitive Notes upon an Exchange 
Event (as defined below).  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described 
therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  A Permanent Global Note representing Notes 
having denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination and integral multiples of a smaller 
amount there above may only be exchanged for definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event.  For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no successor clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an

--- Page 39 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
39 
 
 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes which have an original 
maturity of more than 365 days and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 10 is not applicable, any Senior Preferred Note 
may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10.  In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day.  At the same time, holders of 
interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of 
account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of an amended 
and restated deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 11 January 2022, executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 40 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
40 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU [MiFID II/(as amended, MiFID II)]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
[EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [distributor/person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 41 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
41 
 
 
[Date] 
Sparebanken Vest 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800M7T3CYVZ3ZRT12 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 3 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] [is] [are]] published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
A copy of these Final Terms is available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
4. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
(ii) 
Net proceeds: 
[      ] (Required only for listed issues)

--- Page 42 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
42 
 
 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) in order to benefit from the 
wholesale exemption). 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[      ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[      ] month 
[EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank of 
England Base Rate]/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/– 
[        ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate until [    ], then calculated 
in accordance with paragraph 15 below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [        ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount3 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs [13] and 
[15] below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
3 The Notes will be redeemed at an amount equal to, or higher than, 100 per cent. of their nominal value.

--- Page 43 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
43 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred/Senior 
Non-Preferred/Dated 
Subordinated] 
(i) 
Condition 2(b) (Set-Off) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Should be Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(ii) 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Should be Not Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(iii) 
Condition 7(i) (Consent) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Should be Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(iv) 
Condition 
7(k) 
(Redemption 
of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes upon MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Condition 7(m) (Substitution or 
Variation – Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Condition 8(b) (Restricted Gross-
Up) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Should be Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(vii) 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Should be Not Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
If Dated Subordinated Notes: 
 
(i) 
Condition 
7(l) 
(Subsitution 
or 
Variation – Dated Subordinated 
Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each

--- Page 44 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
44 
 
 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] [and [    ]] in each year [up to and including 
the Maturity Date] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [on/in] [        ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] or [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[       ] [and [       ]] in each year [up to and including 
the Maturity Date] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(iv) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[       ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reset Date(s): 
[       ] 
(vi) 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate(s) 
and Relevant Financial Centre: 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [         ] 
(vii) 
Reset Margin: 
[       ] 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(ix) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[       ] 
(x) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[       ] 
(xi) 
Benchmark Frequency: 
[       ] 
(xii) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[       ] 
(xiii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Time: 
[       ]

--- Page 45 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
45 
 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Replacement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Type of Rate: 
[Term Rate/Overnight Rate] 
(v) 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Lag Period: 
[[5/[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days should be specified for the Lag 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the Agent) 
(vii) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[[5/[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days should be specified for the 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Agent) 
(viii) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Relevant Number: 
[[          ]/[5]/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Numerator: 
[          ]/[360]/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
D: 
[[          ]/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[        ] 
(xiii) 
Reference Rate, Relevant Time and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[       ] 
month 
[EURIBOR 
SIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR]]/[Bank of England Base 
Rate]] 
Relevant Time: [       ]/[Not Applicable] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [       ]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference Currency: [        ]/[Not Applicable] 
Designated Maturity: [        ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
46 
 
 
(Only applicable if interest will be determined on the 
basis of a Term Rate)  
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(xiv) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [        ] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(xvi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(See Condition 5 for options) 
(xviii) Benchmark Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[      ] 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if euro 
denominated) 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Conditions 7(e)(iii) and 7(h) apply] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7(b): 
Minimum period: [          ] [30] days 
Maximum period: [          ] [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 47 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
47 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount /Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
19. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[          ][ per Calculation Amount] 
(ii) 
Relevant Percentage: 
[          ] per cent. 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Should be Not Applicable for any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] [15] days 
Maximum period: [     ] [30] days 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, a Capital 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or on 
event of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] (This option is

--- Page 48 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
48 
 
 
suitable for TEFRA D) 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] (This option 
is suitable for TEFRA D) 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only 
upon an Exchange Event]] (This option is suitable 
for TEFRA C) 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005] (Include for notes that are to be 
offered in Belgium) 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the "Form of the 
Notes" section in the Base Prospectus N.B. The 
exchange upon notice at any time options should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 
15(iii) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made /No.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information, including, for example, the meanings of any ratings] has been extracted 
from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 49 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
49 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Sparebanken Vest: 
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 50 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
50 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable]/[Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [ 
]] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
[Relevant rating agency] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended)[ 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018] 
(the 
"[UK 
]CRA 
Regulation").]]  
(Repeat as necessary and amend depending on status 
of relevant rating agency.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for [the/any] fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to

--- Page 51 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
51 
 
 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[[       ]/[General 
Business 
Purposes][Green 
Bonds]/Not Applicable] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general business purposes and/or Green Bonds, 
will need to include those reasons here.)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[      ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[       ], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable" or "Not Available") 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 14: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means

--- Page 52 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
52 
 
 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 53 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
53 
 
 
8. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) statement 
on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority [(“ESMA”)] 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) 
[(the “BMR”)].] 
[repeat as necessary]]

--- Page 54 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
54 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to 
the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as 
defined below) by Sparebanken Vest (the Issuer). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Agency Agreement) dated 3 May 2023, and made between Sparebanken Vest, Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and complete these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  
References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the amended and restated Deed of 
Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 11 January 2022 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is

--- Page 55 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
55 
 
 
held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http:///www.luxse.com).  The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  
The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may (i) bear interest calculated by reference to one or more fixed rates of interest (such 
Note, a Fixed Rate Note), (ii) bear interest calculated by reference to, in the case of an initial period, 
an initial fixed rate of interest and, thereafter, the applicable fixed rate of interest that has been 
determined pursuant to the reset provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions, by reference to 
a mid swap rate for the Specified Currency (such Note, a Reset Note), (iii) bear interest calculated 
by reference to one or more floating rates of interest (such Note, a Floating Rate Note), (iv) be a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms or (v) be issued on a non-interest bearing basis and be offered and sold at a discount to 
its nominal amount (such Note, a Zero Coupon Note). 
This Note may also be a Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Dated Subordinated 
Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the

--- Page 56 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
56 
 
 
Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and 
any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  Notes which are represented by a 
Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES AND SENIOR NON-PREFERRED 
NOTES 
(a) 
Status 
This Condition 2(a) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
references to Notes and Coupons in Condition 2(a)(i) shall be construed as references to Senior 
Preferred Notes and the related Coupons and references to Notes and Coupons in Condition 2(a)(ii) 
shall be construed as references to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Coupons. 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Preferred Notes”, the 
Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save 
for certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, 
present and future, from time to time outstanding.  So long as any of the Notes 
remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to 
ensure that, subject to Condition 4, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank 
and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
under guarantees of obligations of third parties, in each case except for any 
obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, 
the Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and subject as set 
out in the paragraph below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration 
or other winding up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any 
such case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up solely for the purposes 
of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
Noteholders (as defined below) and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable), claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the 
Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any amounts 
attributable to the Notes and Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(B) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(C) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and

--- Page 57 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
57 
 
 
(D) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including, without limitation, by the BRRD II and the Creditor Hierarchy Directive); 
BRRD II means Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, as the case 
may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, inter 
alia, Dated Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 3(a))); 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors in respect of any 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); and 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims means unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments that 
meet the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph. 
(b) 
Set-off 
This Condition 2(b) applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specifies that this Condition 2(b) is applicable and (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
references to Notes in this Condition 2(b) shall be construed accordingly.  
No holder of Notes who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right 
of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such 
holder of Notes. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any holder of Notes receives or recovers 
any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or 
counterclaim, such holder of Notes shall hold the same for the benefit of the Issuer in a manner that 
protects against claims from creditors of such holder of Notes, and shall pay the amount thereof to 
the Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer.

--- Page 58 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
58 
 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Status 
This Condition 3 applies only to Dated Subordinated Notes and references to Notes and Coupons in 
this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly.  
The Notes and the Coupons constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, subordinated as described 
below. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration, claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in 
respect of or arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes 
and Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means additional Tier 1 capital as defined in the CRR, as amended or 
replaced; 
FSAN means The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet);  
Relevant Regulator means FSAN and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the 
case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 19) 
(if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
Specified Senior Creditors means (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer and (c) subordinated creditors (excluding creditors in respect of Subordinated Parity 
Securities and Subordinated Junior Securities) of the Issuer in respect of any present or future 
obligation, whether dated or undated, of the Issuer which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, 
subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration, to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer; 
Subordinated Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes (which shall include, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any obligations of the Issuer which are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital by the 
Relevant Regulator); 
Subordinated Parity Securities means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 capital from time to time by the Relevant Regulator, any 
guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect 
of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a subsidiary of the Issuer which are 
eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, 
indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
Tier 2 capital means Tier 2 capital as defined in the CRR, as amended or replaced. 
(b) 
Set-off

--- Page 59 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
59 
 
 
This Condition 3(b) applies to Dated Subordinated Notes. 
No holder of Notes who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right 
of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such 
holder of Notes. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any holder of Notes receives or recovers 
any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note or Coupon by virtue of any such set-off or 
counterclaim, such holder of Notes shall hold the same for the benefit of the Issuer in a manner that 
protects against claims from creditors of such holder of Notes, and shall pay the amount thereof to 
the Issuer or, in the event of the winding up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
This Condition 4 is applicable only in relation to Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 4 is applicable, and references to Notes in this 
Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly. This Condition 4 shall not be applicable to any Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or any Dated Subordinated Notes. 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer shall not 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
Guarantee means, in relation to any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised of any Person, any 
obligation of another Person to pay such indebtedness for money borrowed or raised; 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market); and 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
5. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  For so long as any of the Fixed Rate Notes is 
represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest 
will be calculated on the full nominal amount outstanding of the Fixed Rate Notes and will be paid 
to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders in 
accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures.  In respect of each definitive Fixed Rate 
Note, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount.

--- Page 60 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
60 
 
 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period or if, in the case 
of Notes in definitive form, no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note held on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount outstanding of the 
Fixed Rate Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 61 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
61 
 
 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of interest 
Subject to Conditions 2 and 3, each Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Interest Commencement 
Date), at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, 
each successive Reset Period thereafter), at such rate per annum as is equal 
to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, as determined, and notified in 
writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference Banks Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 5(b), 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates(s) (as specified in the Final 
Terms). 
As used in these Conditions: 
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR. 
Mid Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency specified 
in the applicable Final Terms during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined, and 
notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer,  by the Reference Banks Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) 
has a term of equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(b) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (c) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified 
in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by 
the Reference Banks Agent). 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank, 
stockbroker, financial institution or adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense.

--- Page 62 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
62 
 
 
Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated 
in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset 
Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Reference Banks Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic 
average, as determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference 
Bank Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Reference Banks 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
Reset Determination Date means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final 
Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of 
interest applying during such Reset Period will be determined. 
Reset Period means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date (if any) if there is only one Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset 
Period, each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but 
excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any). 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (with such sum 
converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Notes during the relevant Reset Period) (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
being rounded down). 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate means either: 
(A) 
if Mid Swaps is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price.

--- Page 63 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
63 
 
 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Reset 
Notes for the relevant period by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable 
Subsequent Reset Rate (as the case may be) to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form comprises 
more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 5(a). 
(ii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page 
If the Subsequent Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the Reference Banks Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Reference Banks 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate at approximately the Subsequent Reset Rate Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Reference Banks Agent with offered quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant 
Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined, and notified in writing 
to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference Banks Agent.  If on any Reset Determination 
Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Reference Banks Agent with an 
offered quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent 
Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be the Initial 
Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii) Reference Banks means the principal office in 
the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iii) 
Notification of Subsequent Reset Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Subsequent Reset Rate and each Interest Amount for each Reset 
Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(iv) 
Certificates to be final

--- Page 64 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
64 
 
 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b) by the Agent or the Reference Banks Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date).  For so long as any of the Floating Rate Notes is represented by a 
Global Note held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, interest will be 
calculated on the full nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Notes and will be paid to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear for distribution by them to entitled accountholders 
in accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures.  In respect of each definitive 
Floating Rate Note, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) 
in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 65 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
65 
 
 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that 
system (T2) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Term Rate 
Where Term Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant 
Financial Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Reference 
Banks Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest

--- Page 66 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
66 
 
 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Reference Banks Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined, and notified in writing to the 
Agent and the Issuer, by the Reference Banks Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Reference Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Reference Banks Agent determines, and notifies in writing 
to the Agent and the Issuer, as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Reference Banks Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or if the Reference Rate is other than EURIBOR, 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Reference Banks Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Reference Banks Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or if the Reference Rate is 
other than EURIBOR, the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(A): 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market; and, in the 
case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than EURIBOR, the principal 
office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the interbank market 
of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute. 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank, 
stockbroker, financial institution or adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. 
Reference Rate means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone interbank 
offered rate (EURIBOR), (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR), (iii) 
the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), (iv) the Hong Kong interbank offered 
rate (HIBOR) or (v) the bank rate of the Bank of England (the Bank of England

--- Page 67 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
67 
 
 
Base Rate), in each case for the relevant currency and for the relevant period (if 
applicable), as specified for each in the Final Terms. 
Relevant Financial Centre means the financial centre specified as such in the Final 
Terms or if none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
Brussels, (ii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Singapore, (iii) in the case of 
a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo, (iv) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, 
Hong Kong or (v) in the case of a determination of the Bank of England Base Rate, 
London. 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the Final Terms or if none is so 
specified: (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case 
of a determination of SIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iii) in the case of a determination of 
TIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iv) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m. or (v) 
in the case of a determination of the Bank of England Base Rate, 11.00 a.m., in each 
case in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
(B) 
Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where Overnight Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate 
and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured 
overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated 
by the Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
do is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 68 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
68 
 
 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such Interest 
Period or, as the case may be, such Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period in respect of an Interest Period, means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means:  
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
as the Lag Period in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the Observation Shift Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
SOFR with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 5(f), if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", the 
SOFR for: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i";

--- Page 69 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
69 
 
 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(C) 
Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where Overnight Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Type of Rate 
and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date:  
 
and rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place (with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards), plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent, where: 
Compounded Index means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 3:00 
p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
Compounded Index End means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period);

--- Page 70 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
70 
 
 
Compounded Index Start means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
Numerator means 360, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Final Terms but, unless 
otherwise specified, shall be five; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being applicable and Observation 
Shift had been specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
and where the Observation Shift Period shall be deemed to be the same as the 
Relevant Number. 
If the Notes become due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 71 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
71 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note 
held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, the full 
nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) 
for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
72 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 73 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
73 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  For the purposes of 
this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c), by the Agent or the Reference Banks Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(e) 
Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 5(e) applies only to Notes where Benchmark Replacement is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and where (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) Term Rate is 
specified as the Type of Rate in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in

--- Page 74 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
74 
 
 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with 
the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page or 
source (the Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) and notify the Agent no later than five Business Days prior to the 
relevant Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the 
IA Determination Cut-off Date) for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(e)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner agree has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner agree is 
most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine which (if any) rate has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of 
interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so 
determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such 
page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or 
Interest Period (as applicable) in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(b) 
and (c) will continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) 
only and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(e); 
(iv) 
(subject as provided in Condition 5(e)(vii) below) if a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page is determined 
in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and 
the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or

--- Page 75 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
75 
 
 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(e)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that (A) an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied 
to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with 
the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes 
(Benchmark Amendments) to these Conditions (including, without limitation, the 
Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business 
Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition 
of Mid Swap Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes) and/or the Agency 
Agreement, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which Benchmark 
Amendments shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods 
(as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(e)) and the 
Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours 
to implement any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution 
of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement) and the 
Agent shall not be liable to any party for the consequences thereof; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Reset 
Determination Date or Interest Determination Date following the determination of 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any Benchmark 
Amendments pursuant to sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) above to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders and until the Agent has been so 
notified the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 5(b) and (c) will continue to apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no Benchmark 
Amendments will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(e), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of 
the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in 
the Relevant Regulator treating a future Reset Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), if in the Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or

--- Page 76 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
76 
 
 
calculation under this Condition 5(e), the Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent 
is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
The relevant Benchmark Amendments shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities 
unless such party consents. In connection with the implementation of any Benchmark Amendments 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable), as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, 
or option provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable); 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving 
effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its subsidiaries); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will (on or before a specified date) cease 
publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); or

--- Page 77 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
77 
 
 
(C) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has 
been or will (on or before a specified date) be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means that such Original 
Reference Rate will (on or before a specified date) be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (i); or 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will 
(on or before a specified date) no longer be representative of an underlying market 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(F) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
CRD means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and 
any CRD Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013 (or, as the case may be, 
any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with 
any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or 
consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the 
avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to 
time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
CRD V Directive means Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRR means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as incorporated in Norway through 
Section 2 of the Norwegian regulation of 22 August 2014 no. 1097 on CRR/CRD IV (Nw. Forskrift 
22. august 2014 nr. 1097 om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including by the CRR II); 
CRR II means Regulation 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation 575/2013, and Regulation 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to 
time;

--- Page 78 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
78 
 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer; 
Original Reference Rate means, for the purpose of this Condition 5(e), the originally-specified 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) on the Notes (or, if applicable, any other successor or alternative rate (or component 
part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this 
Condition 5(e)); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related Alternative Relevant Screen Page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement - Benchmark Transition 
This Condition 5(f) applies only to Floating Rate Notes where Benchmark Replacement is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Overnight Rate is specified as the Type of 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Benchmark 
Replacement which will replace such Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates 
(subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 5(f) with respect to such Benchmark 
Replacement) and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer cannot agree upon the Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes by no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination

--- Page 79 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
79 
 
 
Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine the 
Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. If the Issuer is 
unable or unwilling to determine a Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes on the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(c) will continue to apply. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph (1) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 5(f). 
Any Benchmark Replacement determined as aforesaid shall have effect for any subsequent 
determinination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further application of this Condition 
5(f) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement), subject, if any associated Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes are required in connection therewith, to such Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes becoming effective in accordance with the following provisions.  
(2) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
If the Independent Adviser (with Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) (as the case may be), considers it is necessary to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) shall 
determine the terms of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and shall, subject to 
giving notice in accordance with Condition 5(f)(4) (but without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders), vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
The Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to implement any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of an 
agreement supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement) and the Agent shall not be liable to 
any party for any consequences thereof. 
The relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall not impose more onerous 
obligations on the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any 
additional duties or liabilities unless such party consents. In connection with the implementation of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(f), if in the Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5(f), the Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Issuer shall direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent 
is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
(3) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 80 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
80 
 
 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to any Interest 
Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
the case may be) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later of 
(i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) 
the date on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than the customary or scheduled time for publication of the relevant 
reference rate in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of

--- Page 81 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
81 
 
 
such reference rate or, as the case may be, of the other relevant information service publishing such 
reference rate, on, the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to such time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); 
or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is 
no longer representative; 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the Original Reference Rate; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (the ISDA Definitions) to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate;  
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
latest version of the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
Original Reference Rate means, for the purpose of this Condition 5(f), the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Transition Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any benchmark 
used in any Benchmark Replacement which has replaced it (the Replacement Benchmark)) has 
been replaced by a (or a further) Replacement Benchmark and a Benchmark Transition Event 
subsequently occurs in respect of such Replacement Benchmark, the term "Original Reference Rate" 
shall be deemed to include any such Replacement Benchmark);

--- Page 82 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
82 
 
 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(4) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
following the determination of any Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes give notice thereof (including the effective date of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders and until the Agent has been so notified the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5(c) will continue to apply. 
(5) 
Regulatory safeguard 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(f), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted and no Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 5(f) if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in 
the Relevant Regulator treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at 
the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Melbourne or Wellington, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at 
the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 83 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
83 
 
 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph 8(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, 
as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States.  A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the

--- Page 84 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
84 
 
 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8;

--- Page 85 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
85 
 
 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(v) 
the Residual Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms.   
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Norway or 
any authority therein having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(ii) 
in case of Dated Subordinated Notes, the effect of such obligation is material to the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment.

--- Page 86 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
86 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than a Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the Selection Date).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less 
than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), if Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.   
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by, 
if this Note is in definitive form, this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.

--- Page 87 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
87 
 
 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice 
given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 10. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (b) and (j) and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable 
in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
Subject as provided in Condition 7(i) the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike.  Such Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation.

--- Page 88 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
88 
 
 
(g) 
Cancellation 
Subject as provided in Condition 7(i), all Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the 
time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
paragraph (f) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(iii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(i) 
Consent 
This Condition 7(i) applies to (i) Senior Preferred Notes where this Condition 7(i) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (Restricted Senior Preferred Notes) (ii) Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and (ii) Dated Subordinated Notes. 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 7(f), substitution or variation 
under Condition 7(l) (in the case of Dated Subordinated Notes) or substitution or variation under 
Condition 7(m) (in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
shall take place without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (in each case, if, and to 
the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations).  In addition, in 
respect of any redemption of Dated Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(j) only, and 
except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may only redeem the 
Dated Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of 
redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes. For 
the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Notes under Condition 7(a) or repayment pursuant to 
Condition 10, shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
(j) 
Redemption of Dated Subordinated Notes upon Capital Event 
This Condition 7(j) applies only to Dated Subordinated Notes and references to Notes and 
Noteholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 
7(i), if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notices 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the Dated Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption Amount referred to

--- Page 89 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
89 
 
 
in Condition 7(e), together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to 
capital adequacy adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance and/or the Relevant Regulator from 
time to time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries). 
A Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Dated Subordinated Notes are either partially or fully 
excluded from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of the 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Article 64 of the CRR (or any equivalent or successor provision) 
shall not comprise a Capital Event. 
(k) 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon MREL 
Disqualification Event 
This Condition 7(k) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where 
this Condition 7(k) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to 
Notes and Noteholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 
7(i), if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note) redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(e) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have occurred. 
 
MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
excluded or partially excluded from the eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be 
caused by (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (ii) any applicable limits

--- Page 90 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
90 
 
 
on the amount of eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to 
meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(l) 
Substitution or Variation – Dated Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(l) applies only to Dated Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(l) is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to Notes, Noteholders 
and Couponholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 19, from 
Norwegian law to English law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are 
inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 19 to English 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of 
the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification 
to such effect of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to 
the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of 
the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the 
Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as 
the case may be, (ii) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates 
as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (iv) comply with the then 
current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date, and (vi) where Notes which have been substituted 
or varied had a published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to a change in 
the governing law of Condition 19 to English law in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 7(m) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where 
this Condition 7(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to 
Notes, Noteholders and Couponholders in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 91 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
91 
 
 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the 
governing law of Condition 19, from Norwegian law to English law) so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined below), provided that such 
substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or 
varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Qualifying MREL Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 19 to English 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19, have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of 
the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification 
to such effect of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to 
the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of 
the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the 
Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (A) have a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as 
the case may be, (B) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates 
as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (C) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior 
to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (D) comply with the then 
current requirements in relation to eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor 
term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (E) preserve any existing 
rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date, and (F) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each 
such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or 
higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to a change in the governing law of Condition 19 to 
English law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19; 
and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(n) 
Clean-up call (Issuer Residual Call) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 7(i), if (a) Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and (b) 
at any time after the Issue Date the Relevant Percentage or more of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further securities issued pursuant to 
Condition 16 so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes will be deemed to have 
been originally issued) has been redeemed, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent;

--- Page 92 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
92 
 
 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time and at the Residual Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.  
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Condition 8(b) below, all payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as 
the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or 
duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection 
with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming 
that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(e)).  
As used in these Conditions the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
This Condition 8(b) shall only apply to (i) Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes where this Condition 8(b) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and (ii) Dated Subordinated Notes. Notwithstanding the generality of Condition 8(a), 
the obligation to pay additional amounts will be limited to payments of interest. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years 
(in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes

--- Page 93 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
93 
 
 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any Senior Preferred Note: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and in the case of interest that 
default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these 
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when 
no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the 
failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a 
Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
any payment obligation under any indebtedness (including deposits) of the Issuer or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason 
of an event of default (howsoever described) or the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any indebtedness (including 
deposits) within 30 days of the due date for payment (or within the applicable grace 
period, if such period is longer than 30 days) or any security given by the Issuer or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any indebtedness (including deposits) becomes 
enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in 
making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in 
relation to any obligation of any other person for 30 days (or within the applicable 
grace period, if such period is longer than 30 days), PROVIDED that no such event 
shall constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness (including deposits) or 
other relative liability either alone or when aggregated with other indebtedness 
(including deposits) and/or liabilities relating to all (if any) other events which shall 
have occurred and be outstanding shall amount to at least €10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) and PROVIDED further that, for the purposes of 
this Condition 10(a)(iii), neither the Issuer nor any of its Principal Subsidiaries shall 
be deemed to be in default with respect to any such indebtedness (including 
deposits), guarantee or indemnity if it shall be contesting in good faith by 
appropriate means its liability to make payment thereunder; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes 
of reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to 
stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of 
its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or 
other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in 
relation to the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force

--- Page 94 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
94 
 
 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them 
and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within l4 days; or 
(vii) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement 
with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened 
to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors), 
then, if the applicable Final Terms specify this Condition 10 as being applicable, any holder of a 
Senior Preferred Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Senior Preferred Notes held by 
the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(e)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of 
any kind. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
Principal Subsidiary at any time shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer inter alia: 
(A) 
whose gross revenues attributable to the Issuer (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated gross 
revenues attributable to the shareholders of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated 
total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Principal Subsidiary; 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by the Auditors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or 
was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period of a Principal Subsidiary 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that this Condition 10 is not applicable in respect of any 
Senior Preferred Notes, there are no events of default in relation to such Notes.  
There are no events of default in relation to Dated Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg upon payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 95 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
95 
 
 
12. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6(d).  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website, www.luxse.com.  It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the 
Financial Times in London and the Luxembourger Wort in Luxembourg.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of 
any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of 
the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice 
will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the

--- Page 96 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
96 
 
 
rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority).  Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
97 
 
 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists 
or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2, 3 and 19) and 
the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2, 3, 19 and 20 are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the 
courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons) and that accordingly any 
suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in 
any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may 
be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. at its registered office at 8th Floor, 
100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, England as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
19. 
AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF THE BAIL-IN POWERS 
(a) 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, 
for the purposes of this Condition 19, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any 
liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by:

--- Page 98 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
98 
 
 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include 
and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on 
which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In this Condition 19: 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of 
Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of Directive 2014/59/EU as amended or 
replaced from time to time (and including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 48 of Directive 
2014/59/EU) and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period);  
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts will 
include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
and 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.  
20. 
AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF STAY POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder: 
(i) 
acknowledges and accepts that the rights and obligations under any Note may be 
subject to the exercise of the Stay Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by any Stay Powers;

--- Page 99 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
99 
 
 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that a suspension or restriction under Article 33a, Article 
69 or Article 70 of the BRRD shall not constitute non-performance of a contractual 
obligation of the Issuer in relation to any Notes for the purposes of paragraphs 1 and 
3 of Article 68 and Article 71(1) of the BRRD and each Noteholder acknowledges 
and accepts to be bound hereof; 
(iii) 
acknowledges and accepts that a crisis prevention measure or a crisis management 
measure taken in relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD shall not, per 
se, be deemed to be an enforcement event or as insolvency proceedings and each 
Noteholder acknowledges and accepts to be bound hereof; 
(iv) 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the provisions of Article 68 of BRRD; 
(v) 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the Relevant Resolution Authority’s 
exercise of ancillary powers pursuant to Article 64(1)(f) of BRRD; and 
(vi) 
acknowledges and accepts that (i)-(v) above are exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder. 
In this Condition 20: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU as amended or replaced from time to time (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Stay 
Powers in relation to the Issuer; 
Stay Legislation means Article 33a, Article 69, Article 70 and Article 71 of the BRRD and any 
provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing Article 33a, Article 69, Article 70 and 
Article 71 of the BRRD; and 
Stay Powers means any suspension of any payment or delivery obligation, the restriction of 
enforcement of any security interest, the suspension of any termination right or similar or related 
power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, 
rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, relating to the Stay Legislation as 
amended or replaced from time to time and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which certain contracts of a regulated entity can be subject to the suspension of any 
payment or delivery obligation, the restriction of enforcement of any security interest or the 
suspension of any termination right.

--- Page 100 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
100 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in the case of paragraph (a) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in the case of 
paragraph (b) below) from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, for its general 
business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, to finance or re-finance, in 
whole or in part, Green Loans pursuant to a framework relating to investments in Green 
Loans or the issuance of Green Bonds which at such time has been published by the Issuer 
and made available on the Issuer’s website and which is in effect at the time of issuance of 
the Green Bonds (the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework). 
Green Loans are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework. Such Green Loan categories are outlined in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and currently 
are those which relate to: clean transportation; renewable energy; transmission and energy storage; 
environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use; green and energy efficient 
buildings; pollution prevention and control; sustainable water and wastewater management; and climate 
change adaption. The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is available on the following website: 
https://www.spv.no/-/media/IR-dokumenter/Green-Bond-Programme/2021/Sparebanken-Vest_Green-Bond-
Framework_October-2021.pdf  
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks that 
determine their environmental robustness) has evaluated (as of 16 July 2019) the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework and issued a second party opinion (the Second Party Opinion) on the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the International Capital Markets Association 
Green Bond Principles 2018. The second-party opinion is available on the following website: 
https://www.spv.no/-/media/English/Sustainability-library/Sustainalytics-Green-Bond-Second-Party-
Opinion-(2).pdf. 
None of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 101 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
101 
 
 
SPAREBANKEN VEST 
HISTORY  
Sparebanken Vest (the Bank) is an independent banking and financial services group based in Bergen in the 
Kingdom of Norway (Norway).  The Bank is the second oldest savings bank in Norway, and its history goes 
back to 1823 when Bergen Sparebank was established. Sparebanken Vest was established on 1 October 1982 
when Bergen Sparebank merged with 12 other savings banks in the Hordaland county of Norway.  The Bank 
has its head office in Bergen, the second largest city in Norway, and operates 35 branches and offices in the 
counties of Vestland, Rogaland and Møre og Romsdal.   
The Bank is registered as a savings bank in Norway with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
under number NO 832 554 332 and its headquarters are located at Jonsvollsgaten 2, 5011 Bergen, Norway, 
telephone number +47 91505555. 
The Bank operates under the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 2015 and is under the supervision of 
the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway. 
As of 31 December 2022, Sparebanken Vest group (the Group) employed 755 full-time employees. 
The equity certificates of Sparebanken Vest have been listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange since January 
1995.  The Bank carries a long-term debt rating of Aa3 with a stable outlook and a short-term debt rating of 
P-1 from Moody's.  
Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended). As such Moody’s is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such Regulation. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES 
The Group consists of the Bank and two main subsidiaries: 
 
Eiendomsmegler Vest AS, a major real estate broker company in the Bergen area; and 
 
Sparebanken Vest Boligkreditt AS, a covered bonds company established in May 2008 for issuing 
covered bonds pursuant to Norwegian covered bonds legislation. 
COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY IN WESTERN NORWAY 
The economy in the two counties in which the Bank has its operations, Vestland (formerly Hordaland and 
Sogn & Fjordane counties) and Rogaland, are well diversified and the region derives its major revenues from 
primary industry, especially fish farming and fishing, oil related activities, tourism and trade and commerce.  
In recent years, solid economic development in the Bank’s service area, and Norway in general, has been 
supported by relatively low unemployment, low interest rates, and moderate inflation.  
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Bank's primary function is to supply financial and insurance services to users in the western part of 
Norway.  The Bank provides a full range of banking products and services to its retail customers and small 
and medium-sized corporate customers.  These include deposits, loans as well as cash management services. 
The Bank also distributes and sells a wide range of insurance and savings-related products, such as mutual 
fund products, to its customer base.  These products are supplied by other financial institutions and insurance 
companies.

--- Page 102 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
102 
 
 
MARKET POSITION 
The information set out below is derived from Sparebanken Vest’s 2022 annual report.  
Sparebanken Vest has maintained its strong position in the retail market. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank 
had more than 305,000 retail customers.  
Loans to retail customers constituted 75.4 per cent. of the Bank's lending portfolio, corresponding to NOK 
170.0 billion at 31 December 2022 (compared to NOK 155.0 billion at 31 December 2021). As of 31 
December 2022, Sparebanken Vest had close to 14,000 corporate customers and gross lending to the 
corporate market amounted to NOK 55.4 billion (compared to NOK 48.9 billion at 31 December 2021).  
The Bank has its highest market share in Vestland county (formerly Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane 
counties) where it has been operating for many years, and a lower market share in Rogaland county and in 
Møre og Romsdal county. 
In Sparebanken Vest's region the competition consists mainly of at least one nationwide competitor, as well 
as smaller local savings banks. 
STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES 
Sparebanken Vest's vision is that "everything we do, we do to make life in Western Norway better". The 
Bank strives to be a driving force of the community and industries in Western Norway, creating value for its 
customers, regional and local communities, investors, equity certificate holders and employees. The Bank’s 
goal is to be a full service bank providing banking and insurance products to its customers though all 
channels (call-centre, internet banking, mobile banking and branch offices), and its key objective is to be the 
leading and preferred savings bank in Norway. 
In the retail market, the Bank's objective is to maintain its leading market position by serving the largest 
number of customers in its market area and providing its retail clients with lifelong banking and financial 
services.  The Bank constantly strives to enhance the services it offers to its customers with respect to 
deposits, loans and payments. At the same time, due to the increased use of mobile and internet based 
applications, the degree of self-service continues to rise amongst the Bank’s customers. 
Customers are increasingly inclined to make their purchases with payment cards and are benefiting from the 
ability to pay bills through the mobile banking application or using the NettBank (Internet) service.   
The Bank owns Frende Liv and Frende Skade, life- and non-life insurance companies respectively, together 
with 14 other independent savings banks, as well as three independent mutual fire insurance companies (No. 
brannkasser) in Norway.  Frende Liv and Frende Skade are owned by a holding company called Frende 
Holding AS, in which the Bank holds 39.6 per cent. of the shares.  The Bank is co-owner of Norne Securities 
AS together with 12 other independent savings banks in Norway, as well as some employees of Norne.  
Norne started its internet brokerage service in February 2009.  The Bank holds 40.9 per cent. of the shares in 
the holding company Norne Securities AS.  In 2010 the Bank, together with the same group of savings 
banks, established a leasing company called Brage Finans AS, in which the Bank holds 49.99 per cent. of the 
shares.  
The Bank is co-owner of Balder Betaling AS (Balder), which was established in the first quarter of 2017. 
Balder is a company that, among other things, exercises ownership of the mobile payment system Vipps on 
behalf of Sparebanken Vest and other savings banks that are also among the owners of Frende Forsikring. 
Balder has a holding of 10.6 per cent. in Vipps, and Sparebanken Vest is the largest owner of Balder with an 
ownership interest of 38.5 per cent. 
Fisheries, fish-farming, oil exploration and production and shipping are important sectors of activities in 
Western Norway. The Bank has a long track-record of dealing with the biggest and most important corporate 
customers in these sectors, and does so through its corporate market division at its headquarters in Bergen.

--- Page 103 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
103 
 
 
The Bank distributes mutual fund products of other suppliers.  In the area of unit trust saving, the Bank has 
distribution agreements with Odin Forvaltning AS, Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS, Danske Invest Asset 
Management, Holberg Forvaltning AS and BNP Paribas Asset Management.  
The Bank has a large customer base, a strong capital base, a good standing and reputation in the market, a 
broad range of products, a loyal and competent workforce and strong local roots. 
Sparebanken Vest maintains a high profile as a responsible contributor to society by allocating part of its 
profit as a gift for the public benefit as well as customer dividends. 
Sparebanken Vest actively ensures that its activities are compatible with global sustainability. The Bank has 
undertaken to comply with the Poseidon Principles and UNEP FI Responsible banking, in addition to 
endorsing the UN Global Compact. Sparebanken Vest works constantly to combat money laundering and 
financing of terrorism as an integral part of the Bank’s corporate social responsibility strategy.   
Asset/loan Structure 
Gross lending as of 31 December 2022 was NOK 225.4 billion, an increase of NOK 21.5 billion compared to 
31 December 2021 (NOK 203.8 billion). Out of gross lending, loans to the retail market amounted to NOK 
170.0 billion (compared to NOK 155.0 billion as of 31 December 2021), NOK 127.2 billion of which have 
been transferred to Sparebanken Vest Boligkreditt. Gross lending to the corporate market amounted to NOK 
55.4 billion (compared to NOK 48.9 billion as of 31 December 2021). 
Total deposits from customers amounted to NOK 112.3 billion as of 31 December 2022 (compared to NOK 
90.9 billion as of 31 December 2021). Deposits break down as follows: NOK 62.6 billion (compared to NOK 
54.8 billion as of 31 December 2021) from retail customers and NOK 49.7 billion (compared to NOK 36.1 
billion as of 31 December 2021) from corporate customers. 
LOANS BY SECTOR AND INDUSTRY4 
The table below sets out the Bank's loans broken down by sector and industry for the periods specified5: 
 
Gross loans 
As of 31 December 2022 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
NOK thousand 
NOK thousand 
Primary industries  
9,882 
8,700 
Manufacturing and mining  
4,056 
2,691 
Power and water supply  
2,487 
2,131 
Building and construction  
6,714 
5,667 
Commerce  
2,757 
1,999 
International shipping and pipeline transport  
8,384 
7,115 
Hotel and restaurants  
655 
881 
Property management  
16,549 
15,730 
Services  
3,369 
3,381 
Municipal/public sector  
66 
115 
Other financial corporations  
445 
461 
Total corporate sector  
55,364 
48,871 
Retail customers  
170,010 
154,963 
Gross loans to customers  
225,374 
203,835 
Asset quality/bad debt analysis 
Sparebanken Vest was one of the few large banks that went through the bank crisis in Norway in the late 
1980s and early 1990s without any financial help from the Savings Banks' Guarantee Fund. Management 
believes this was a result of both sound credit policy and the right strategic choices. Sparebanken Vest still 
                                                     
4 All amounts are related to the Sparebanken Vest corporate group including Sparebanken Vest Boligkreditt AS. 
5 All amounts in the table below are in NOK million.

--- Page 104 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
104 
 
 
has a high percentage of its lending portfolio with retail customers, and banks generally face lower losses in 
this segment. 
As of 31 December 2022, defaults and other potential bad debt for the corporate market amounted to NOK 
978 million (compared to NOK 1.125 billion as of 31 December 2021). Good portfolio management and 
moderate exposure in industries vulnerable to cyclical fluctuations help to reduce the risk of loss. Model-
based provisions have only changed marginally overall in the corporate market, as a result of more 
conservative default paths for healthy commitments and reduced exposure to high-risk Stage 2 and Stage 3 
customers. The level of model-based provisions is considered robust overall. 
For the retail market, defaults and other potential bad debt amounted to NOK 272 million (compared to NOK 
274 million as of 31 December 2021). This corresponds to 0.16 per cent. (compared to 0.18 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021) of gross lending to the retail market. The development follows the same trend as before, 
supporting low risk in the portfolio. Write-downs on loans and guarantees taken against income amounted to 
NOK 38 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to NOK -3 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
The increase was largely due to migrations from Stage 1 to Stage 2 in the retail market.  
Defaults and other potential bad debts, Q4 2020-Q4 20226 
In NOK million 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Loans in default more than 90 days 
472 
473 
547 
Other potential bad debt 
779 
927 
1090 
Total defaults and potential bad debt 
1250 
1399 
1637 
- individual write-downs on loans 
-437 
-432 
-533 
Net defaults and potential bad debt 
813 
968 
1104 
Risk management 
As a financial institution, Sparebanken Vest has risk exposure both on its financial and its operational 
activities.  The Bank has developed systems for monitoring operational risk, and has established a Risk 
Control Group to monitor all risks in the Bank and to perform continuous internal controls in accordance 
with current statutory regulations and international standards (EU/Basel II).  Credit risk is managed through 
the Board's guidelines for credit policy, risk profile and authorisations.  The guidelines are managed through 
established procedures for credit ratings, credit committees and reporting of risk classes. 
Sparebanken Vest was in 2007 granted permission from the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway to 
use Internal Rating Based models in its risk management and measurement for capital adequacy. The Bank 
applied for the use of Advanced Internal Rating Based (AIRB) models for the commercial market in Q1 
2013. In a letter of 9 February 2017, the Financial Supervisory Authority announced that Sparebanken Vest 
was granted approval to use the AIRB method to calculate regulatory capital requirements for credit risk. 
The approval applies to the corporate market. The bank has already been granted such approval for the retail 
market. 
                                                     
6  
The table shows the recognised defaults and other potential bad debt, where the total reported is based on definitions pursuant to the 
 
Basel regulations (implemented in Norwegian law through “Forskrift om kapitalkrav for banker, kredittforetak, finansieringsforetak 
,holdingforetak i finanskonsern, verdipapirforetak og forvaltningsselskaper for verdipapirfond mv. chapter 10 ‘Misligholdte 
engasjementer’”) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.

--- Page 105 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
105 
 
 
Sparebanken Vest's foreign exchange activities are conducted according to policies and limits set by the 
Board.  The interest rate risk is primarily caused by the Bank's holding of bonds based on the authorities' 
requirements regarding liquid reserves.  The interest rate risks are closely monitored and limits are set by the 
Board and reported on a monthly basis.  This risk has been moderate throughout the past years.  Investments 
in equity markets are at a low level in relation to the Bank's balance sheet figures. 
Source of funds 
The main sources of funds for Sparebanken Vest are customer deposits and the capital markets. The Bank 
has access to funds in the Norwegian and international markets both on a short and a long term basis.  The 
Bank also receives direct deposits from Norwegian and international banks and large Norwegian enterprises 
and also has access to the syndicate market.  As pricing and availability of funding in the domestic market 
has been favourable over the past year, a majority of the funding requirements have been covered in Norway.  
For diversification purposes, Sparebanken Vest aims to increase its funding from international markets.  The 
Bank therefore established its Euro Medium Term Note Programme in 2001, and a covered bond subsidiary 
is operational and provides access to funding from a broader investor base. 
Capital adequacy 
 
 
2021 Q4 (%) 
2022 Q1 (%) 
2022 Q2 (%) 
2022 Q3 (%) 
2022 Q4 (%) 
Total Capital Ratio 
20.6 
20.6 
21.7 
21.4 
21.4 
Additional Tier 2 Capital 
2.0 
1.9 
2.0 
1.9 
1.9 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
1.2 
1.2 
1.2 
1.2 
1.5 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
17.4 
17.5 
18.5 
18.3 
18.1 
 
The Board annually discusses and decides the Bank’s risk and capital tolerance (ICAAP). As well as meeting 
all regulatory minimum and buffer requirements for Core Tier 1 capital adequacy, the Board has decided that 
the Bank shall hold a management buffer on top of these requirements. This buffer makes up about one 
percentage point.  
On 9 February 2017, Sparebanken Vest was granted approval by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway to use the advanced IRB method (AIRB) to calculate regulatory capital requirements for credit risk 
in the corporate market portfolio. The approval was granted on certain conditions. The Bank had already 
been granted such approval for the retail market portfolio. 
On 5 December 2019, the Ministry of Finance announced that the CRR / CRD IV regulations would enter 
into force on 31 December 2019. This meant that the Basel I floor was removed and that part one of what is 
known as the SME discount was introduced. The introduction meant that the effects of the bank’s IRB 
models from 31 December 2019 were no longer limited by the Basel I floor.  
On 11 December 2019, the Ministry introduced changes to Norwegian banks’ capital requirements in 
connection with the introduction of CRR / CRD IV in Norway. The consequenc for Sparebanken Vest, being 
an IRB bank,  include that the systemic risk buffer requirement increased from 3 to 4.5 per cent. from 31 
December 2020. In addition, temporary average risk weight floors of 20 per cent. and 35 per cent. were 
introduced for residential mortgages and commercial real estate loans, respectively. 
Following the removal of the Basel I floor and the introduction of the SME discount (part one), the Bank’s 
CET1 ratio was 18.1 per cent. at the end of 2022 (17.4 per cent. at 31 December 2021). The Bank’s 
applicable CET1 requirement was 15.0 per cent., broken down into a combined minimum and buffer 
requirement of 13.5 per cent. and a statutory, Bank specific Pillar 2 requirement of 1.5 per cent. A CET1 
ratio of 18.1 means that the Bank had a margin of 3.1 percentage points to this requirement at 31 December 
2022. The management buffer adopted by the Board is also met.

--- Page 106 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
106 
 
 
The applicable counter-cyclical capital buffer requirement is 2 per cent.. This requirement will be raised to 
2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 March 2023. Given the Bank’s current CET1 ratio, the Bank still has a good 
margin to expected future capital requirements. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2022, the Bank had a 
margin of approximately 3.1 per cent. above the applicable capital requirement, with ample capacity to deal 
with future increases in the counter-cyclical capital buffer requirement. 
The implementation of the Banking Reform Package, including the legislation commonly referred to as 
"CRR2" and "CRD5", entailed certain changes to capital adequacy. The requirement was reduced from 5 per 
cent. to 3 per cent. in connection with the introduction of CRR2/CRD5 in Norway on 1 June 2022. The 
expansion of the SME discount in connection with CRR2/CRD5 has helped to strengthen capital adequacy in 
relation to Q4 2021. 
The Bank aims to meet regulatory minimum requirements through maximum use of hybrid capital (1.5 per 
cent.) and supplementary capital (2 per cent.). As of 31 December 2022, the level of hybrid capital was 1.5 
per cent. and supplementary capital 1.9 per cent. The overall capital adequacy as of 31 December 2022 was 
21.4 per cent. 
Since 1989, the Bank has never had a capital adequacy ratio lower than 8 per cent., and even during the 
banking crisis in Norway in the early 1990s the Bank never required any capital from the Savings Banks' 
Guarantee Fund. 
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT 
Sparebanken Vest is organised in accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act of 2015. 
The general meeting is the highest authority for the Bank and its role is to supervise the Board of Directors 
as it implements management strategy for the Bank. 
The general meeting has 48 members, consisting of four groups elected by depositors (16), municipalities 
(8), equity capital certificate holders (12) and employees (12). 
The Board consists of 10 members.  The members are elected for two years in accordance with the Bank's 
Articles of Association.  The Managing Director is not a member of the Board. 
The mandate of the Board of Directors is to develop and implement the strategies of the Bank. The 
Managing Director's mandate is to lead the Bank's day-to-day activities in accordance with the guidelines 
established by the Board of Directors. In addition, local bank councils have been established in six of the 
Bank's seven regions. 
The Bank observes the Norwegian Recommendations of corporate governance drawn up by the Norwegian 
Corporate Governance Board (NUES). 
The Managing Director and CEO of Sparebanken Vest, Jan Erik Kjerpeseth, succeeded Stein Klakegg as 
Managing Director and CEO on 31 October 2013.  Mr Kjerpeseth joined the Bank in 1999, and has held 
various positions in the Bank, including deputy managing director.  
The Board of Directors of Sparebanken Vest consists of the following members, each having their business 
address at Jonsvollsgaten 2, 5011 Bergen, Norway, whose principal activities in and outside the Bank are as 
follows:

--- Page 107 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
107 
 
 
Name 
Position in Board 
Other Principal Activities 
Arild Bøldal 
Chair 
Member of the Board since April 2011. 
Chair of the Board since March 2019. 
Currently manages his own investment and 
consultancy firm, and provides services in 
the 
areas 
of 
strategy 
and 
business 
development, 
asset 
management, 
acquisitions and industry consolidation, 
including at Norva 24. Also chair of the 
board and board member of a number of 
companies. From 1997 to 2015, he managed 
the Septik24 group, which is now a part of 
Norva24. 
Qualified 
as 
an 
authorised 
accountant from BI Norwegian Business 
School, holds a university college degree in 
business and administration and part of a 
master’s degree in business administration 
(MBA) 
from 
Heriot-Watt 
University. 
Further education from BI Norwegian 
Business School, the Norwegian School of 
Economics (NHH) and the Norwegian 
University of Science and Technology 
(NTNU) 
Magne Morken 
Deputy Chair 
Member of the Board since 2017. Deputy 
Chair from August 2019. Senior Vice 
Presiden - Dry Bulk at shipowner Westfal-
Larsen. Former CEO of Hansa Tankers 
Management AS, Managing Director of 
Solvang ASA and Senior Vice President at 
Nordea (Oslo/Stavanger/London). Master’s 
degree in business economics (siviløkonom) 
from the Norwegian School of Economics 
(NHH). Board member of SigCo, Bermuda. 
Former deputy chair of the board of 
Sandnes Sparebank and member of the 
board of Gard P&I Club and Norwegian 
Hull Club. 
Gunnar Skeie 
Member 
Member of the Board since March 2016. 
General Manager of Sparebankstiftinga 
Hardanger. Former lawyer and partner in 
the law firm Advokatene Kvåle og Skeie 
ANS in Norheimsund. Has been acting 
court of appeal judge at Gulating Court of 
Appeal, 
lawyer 
affiliated 
with 
Kreditorforeningen in Bergen, assistant 
judge at the office of the chief local judge in 
Karmsund in Haugesund, assistant advocate 
with Advocate Tom Berge in Odda and 
legal adviser at Bergen Tax Office. Law 
degree from the University of Bergen. 
Member of the board of Kvam Kraftverk 
AS. Has previously held the offices of head

--- Page 108 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
108 
 
 
of the control committee of Eiendomskreditt 
AS, head of the control committee of Voss 
Veksel og Landmannsbank AS and member 
of the board of Eiendomskreditt AS. 
Agnethe Brekke 
Member 
Member of the Board since August 2019. 
CFO of G2 Ocean AS. Former Regional 
Finance Manager at DOF Subsea, Vice 
President Financial Control and Group 
Accounting Manager at Odfjell Drilling, 
and 
Manager 
Assurance 
at 
PwC. 
Experience as member of the board of 
Tysnes 
Sparebank 
and 
member 
of 
Norwegian 
Hull 
Club’s 
supervisory 
committee. Master’s degree in business 
economics and state authorised public 
accountant, the Norwegian School of 
Economics (NHH). 
Kristi L. Slotsvik 
Member 
Member of the Board since March 2022. 
Graduate landscape architect from the 
Norwegian University of Life Sciences 
(NBMU). CEO of Sørsida Utvikling AS. 
Former Director General of the Norwegian 
Railway Directorate, Director General of 
the Norwegian Coastal Administration, 
District Director with the Norwegian Public 
Roads Administration and a consultant at 
Asplan Viak AS. Chair of the board of 
Muritunet AS and a member of the board of 
NTNU Ocean Training AS, among other 
companies. 
Christine Sagen Helgø 
Member 
Member of the Board since March 2020. 
Since January 2020 she has been employed 
as Investment Director in Camar. From 
2011 to 2019 she was town Mayor in 
Stavanger. She has a law degree from the 
University of Bergen. Sagen Helgø has held 
a number of board positions, including 
Chairman of the Stavanger concert hall, 
Port of Stavanger and Greater Stavanger. 
Marianne Dorthea Jacobsen 
Member 
Member of the Board since March 2017. 
CEO 
of 
Knowit 
Experience 
Bergen. 
Previously 
held 
positions 
as 
general 
manager, project manager and advisor on 
digitalisation, branding, innovation and user 
experience at Knowit, mainly within the 
banking & finance sector. Also a former 
customer adviser in Sparebanken Vest. 
Member of the board of Tide AS, as well as 
various nordic Knowit companies. Holds an 
MBA in Strategic Management from the 
Norwegian School of Economics (NHH), a 
master’s degree in Brand Management from

--- Page 109 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
109 
 
 
Queensland University of Technology, 
Australia, as well as a bachelor’s degree in 
Economics 
from 
Leeds 
Metropolitan 
University, UK. 
Kristin Axelsen 
Representative of employees 
 
Henrik Gundersen 
Representative of employees 
 
Stig Standal Taule 
Representative of employees 
 
As far as is known to Sparebanken Vest, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the 
Bank of the respective members to the Board of Directors or management, and their private interests or other 
duties in respect of their management roles. 
AUDITORS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus Sparebanken Vest's external auditors are Deloitte AS, a member of 
Den norske Revisorforening (DnR). 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Sparebanken Vest’s equity consists of: equity certificates (ECs) which are publicly traded on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange, primary capital, the reserve for unrealised gains, other group equity and minority interests.  ECs 
are very similar to shares in a bank, being traded and taxed according to the same statutory provisions.  As of 
31 December 2022, the largest owner of ECs in Sparebanken Vest was Sparebankstiftinga Hardanger which 
held 10.90 per cent. of the ECs issued. The ten largest owners of ECs in sum accounted for 38.24 per cent. of 
the ECs issued.

--- Page 110 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
110 
 
 
TAXATION 
Norway  
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes.  Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes.  This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income or withholding tax.  
Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected 
with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.  
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who 
are resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a Norwegian savings bank, the 
Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes issued by it. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Notes.  Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes 
is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from 
Norway.  
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is 
effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.  
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following overview is of a general nature.  It is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 111 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
111 
 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a 
resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of currently 20 per cent.  Such 
withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting 
in the course of the management of his/her private wealth.  Responsibility for the withholding of the 
tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  Payments of interest under the Notes coming 
within the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to withholding tax of currently 20 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 16 in 
"Terms and Conditions – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.  In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 112 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
112 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 113 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
113 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 3 May 
2023 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or

--- Page 114 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
114 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to 
residents of Norway except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of not less than €l00,000 per investor; 
(b) 
to "professional investors" as defined in Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 
June 2007;

--- Page 115 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
115 
 
 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Section 
10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which 
is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to 
register the Notes pursuant to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act 2019-03-15 no. 6 and 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of 
Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the UK).  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 116 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
116 
 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA).  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 117 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
117 
 
 
Switzerland  
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the prospectus requirement under the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) if the Notes (i) have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) or more, and (ii) will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a 
prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be 
prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
Belgium    
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 118 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
118 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 December 2022. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus.  Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months (or, in the case of items (iii) and (iv) below, for a period of 10 years) following 
the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection from: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer (https://www.spv.no/-
/media/IR-dokumenter/Virksomhetsstyring/Vedtekter/2023/23_0322_Articles-of-Association-per-
22-March-2023_ren.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons 
and the Talons (https://www.spv.no/om-oss/investor-relations/obligasjonslan); 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (https://www.spv.no/om-oss/investor-relations/obligasjonslan); and 
(iv) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda supplements and Final Terms to this Base 
Prospectus 
and 
any 
other 
documents 
incorporated 
herein 
or 
therein 
by 
reference 
(https://www.spv.no/om-oss/investor-relations/obligasjonslan). 
The Issuer does not publish audited interim financial statements. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records in relation thereto).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, neither Euroclear or Clearstream is a central securities depository 
which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being 
entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014.

--- Page 119 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
119 
 
 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 31 
December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the 
Group since 31 December 2022.  
Litigation  
The Group is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Group. 
Auditors 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte AS, authorised public 
accountants and a member of Den norske Revisorforening (DnR). Deloitte AS have audited the Issuer's 
accounts, without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in the Kingdom or 
Norway for each of the two financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. The auditors of the Issuer 
have no material interest in the Issuer. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Some of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be 
calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were to be purchased at 
the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. The Final Terms in respect of any Floating Rate Notes 
will not include any indication of yield.

--- Page 120 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
120 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Sparebanken Vest 
Jonsvollsgaten 2 
PO Box 7999 
N-5020 Bergen 
DEALERS 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Danske Bank A/S  
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
Platz der Republik 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
38, avenue Kléber 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
75116 Paris 
70173 Stuttgart 
France 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Tour EST BP4 75060 Paris Cedex 02 
FI-00020 Nordea Helsinki 
France 
Finland 
FISCAL AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Tjuvholmen alle 16 
One Bishops Square 
Postboks 1524 Vika 
London E1 6AD 
N-0117 Oslo

--- Page 121 ---
0013112-0000590 UKO2: 2005836178.11 
121 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte AS 
Damsgårdsveien 135  
PO Box 6013  
N-5162 Bergen 
Norway