--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
22 June 2023 
 
SPAREBANK 1 SMN 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
SPAREBANK 1 ØSTLANDET 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
SPAREBANK 1 SØRØST-NORGE 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) 
This Prospectus (as defined below) relates to the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of SpareBank 1 SMN, SpareBank 
1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 Østlandet (formerly Sparebanken Hedmark) and SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge (each an “Issuer” and together the 
“Issuers”). This Prospectus does not affect any Notes already issued. This document constitutes four base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), (i) the base prospectus for SpareBank 1 SMN, in respect of non-equity securities 
within the meaning of Article 16 of the Commission Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the “Notes”) to be issued by SpareBank 1 SMN 
under the Programme, (ii) the base prospectus for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge in respect of Notes to be issued by SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge under the 
Programme, (iii) the base prospectus for SpareBank 1 Østlandet in respect of the Notes to be issued by SpareBank 1 Østlandet under the Programme 
and (iv) the base prospectus for SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge in respect of the Notes to be issued by SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge under the Programme 
(together, the “Prospectus”).  
Under the Programme each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Notes of each Issuer will be obligations of that Issuer alone. 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis (“Senior Preferred Notes”); (ii) on a non-preferred 
basis (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”); or (iii) on a subordinated basis (“Subordinated Notes”), each as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” herein. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes will contain only very limited event of default provisions and will not contain any negative 
pledge or cross-default provisions.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as 
described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by an Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuers or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  The CSSF assumes 
no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuers.  Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This Prospectus will be 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) for a period of ten years form the date hereof. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 22 June 2024, being 12 months from its date in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  The obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no 
longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  References in this Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of 
Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the CSSF. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”).

--- Page 2 ---
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Each Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. 
State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with 
all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction.   
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”). SpareBank 1 SMN has been rated 
“A1” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 Østlandet has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge has been rated “A1” by Moody’s. Moody’s 
is established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been 
endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(“ESMA”) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the relevant Issuer.  A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or CMS Rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR (European Money Markets Institute) is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the administrator of the CMS Rate (ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited) (“IBA”) is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as 
the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the IBA is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers  
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Commerzbank 
DekaBank 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 3 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this 
Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and “UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of each Issuer (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case) the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information in the "Business Description of SpareBank 1 Østlandet" section on pages 132-
141 has been extracted from certain third party sources as specified therein. SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this 
Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Prospectus or any other information provided by any Issuer in connection with the Programme. No 
Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by any Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by any Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of any of the Issuers. Neither 
this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuers or any of the Dealers to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for 
any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined in 
"Use of Proceeds" below) or makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether 
such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "social", 
"sustainability" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates have 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of Green Projects (as defined in the Risk Factor "In 
respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance

--- Page 4 ---
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor"), any verification of 
whether the Green Projects meet any eligibility criteria set out in the relevant Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or 
amounts equal thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds nor the allocation of the proceeds to particular Green Projects. Each Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework, the second party opinion (as referred to in "Use of Proceeds" below) and any public reporting 
by or on behalf of such Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the relevant 
Issuer’s website (see "Use of Proceeds" below) but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates make 
any representation or assurance as to the suitability or content of such materials, nor are any such materials 
a recommendation by any Dealer or the Arranger or their respective affiliates to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green","social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Arranger, the Dealers or their respective affiliates 
that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning any Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer during the life of the Programme or 
to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 in 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for

--- Page 5 ---
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
CRA Regulation – In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that 
is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant 
UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
 If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Prospectus.

--- Page 6 ---
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – The Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend 
included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Notice to Swiss permitted investors - The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will 
be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. No key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA 
has been prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to 
private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. 
Notice to Ontario permitted investors - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

--- Page 7 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
NOTES GENERALLY 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Each Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by any 
of the Issuers or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any 
Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Belgium, Norway, Singapore 
and Japan (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of 
Notes in that Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal

--- Page 8 ---
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” are to United States dollars, all 
references to “Yen” and “¥” are to Japanese Yen and all references to “NOK” are to Norwegian Kroner. In 
addition, all references to “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling and to “euro” and “€” refer to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Overview of the Programme ................................. 9 
Risk Factors ......................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............... 38 
Form of the Notes ................................................ 44 
Applicable Final Terms ....................................... 46 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ..................... 74 
Use of Proceeds ................................................. 109 
The Sparebank 1 Alliance ................................. 111 
Business Description of Sparebank 1 
SMN ..................................................... 113 
Business Description of Sparebank 1 
Nord-Norge .......................................... 122 
Business Description of Sparebank 1 
Østlandet .............................................. 131 
Business Description of Sparebank 1 
Sørøst-Norge ........................................ 141 
Taxation ............................................................ 149 
Subscription and Sale ........................................ 152 
General Information .......................................... 158 
 
 _________________________  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Managers(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuers:
SpareBank 1 SMN 
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
Legal Identifier Number (LEI):
SpareBank 1 SMN: 7V6Z97IO7R1SEAO84Q32
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: 549300SXM92LQ05OJQ76 
 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 549300VRM6G42M8OWN49  
 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge: 5967007LIEEXZX4VQO21  
Guarantor:
None
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger:
BofA Securities Europe SA
Dealers:
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the relevant Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme, and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under 
“Risk Factors”. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting

--- Page 10 ---
10 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Prospectus.
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the issue 
proceeds are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months 
and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to 
the approval provisions stated therein. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent:
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Paying Agent and Luxembourg 
Listing Agent:
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuers may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro (as defined), Norwegian Kroner, U.S. dollars, 
Yen, Sterling and any other currency agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws, 
regulations and directives, Subordinated Notes will have a minimum 
maturity of at least five years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a 
partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par, in each case as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on

--- Page 11 ---
11 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis 
of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
In the case of Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Condition 4(e) (Benchmark replacement) applies, if the relevant Issuer 
(in consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to an 
Original Reference Rate, then the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with the 
relevant Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if 
the Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer agree that there is no 
Successor Rate, an alternative rate and, in either case, an alternative 
screen page or source and an Adjustment Spread no later than three 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period.
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
Each Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, 
Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable in one or 
more instalments.   
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest 
Notes will be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or 
to changes in the prices of securities or commodities or to such other 
factors as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange, as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may

--- Page 12 ---
12 
agree.  
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuers may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and on 
such dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuers may issue Notes which 
may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such 
dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.
 
The relevant Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate the scheduled maturity 
date (which in the case of Subordinated Notes, must be at least five 
years after the issue date) and will also indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, or for 
taxation reasons, on a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes), on a MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Condition 6(l) applies) or) following an 
Event of Default (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the relevant Issuer (which, in respect of Subordinated Notes, 
may not take place prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date) in 
each case upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the relevant 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note 
which is not an Exempt Note will be redeemed by the relevant Issuer 
at least at 100 per cent. of its nominal value on its scheduled maturity 
date. 
 
If a Capital Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall be entitled to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes (subject to the prior written permission 
of the Relevant Regulator). 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(l) applies, 
if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the relevant Issuer shall be 
entitled to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (subject to the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator).
 
No early redemption of (i) Senior Preferred Notes (ii) Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or (iii) Subordinated Notes may take place without the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (to the extent such 
permission is required).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution (see “Certain 
Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above).
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency (see “Certain Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above), and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note (other than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency).
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Kingdom of 
Norway as provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the relevant Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional 
amounts, in respect of any payment of interest only (but not principal), 
to cover the amounts of interest so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision.
Events of Default: 
The Notes will contain only very limited events of default provisions 
and will not contain a cross-default provision.  
Set-off: 
Noteholders will not be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim against monies owed 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such holder of 
Notes. 
Substitution or Variation (if 
Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(l) applies, 
if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18, the relevant Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(j), (if applicable and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) the relevant Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary their terms so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as 
defined in Condition 6(l)), as further provided in Condition 6(l)). 
Substitution or Variation (if 
Subordinated Notes): 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(n) applies, 
if at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, the 
relevant Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j), (to the 
extent so required), either substitute all (but not some only) the 
relevant Subordinated Notes for, or vary their terms so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities 
(as defined in Condition 6(n)), as further provided in Condition 6(n).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are “Senior 
Preferred Notes”, the Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts 
required to be preferred by law) at least equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
the relevant Issuer, present and future, from time to time outstanding.
Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are “Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes”, the Notes will constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and subject as otherwise provided by applicable 
law from time to time, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, 
administration or other winding up of the relevant Issuer, in each case 
by way of public administration, claims of the holders of Notes and 
Coupons against the relevant Issuer in respect of or arising under the 
Notes and Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes 
and Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred 
Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, 
if any;  
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior 
Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior 
Creditors. 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute unsecured subordinated 
obligations of the relevant Issuer, subordinated as described in 
Condition 3, and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or 
other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, claims 
of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of or 
arising under the Notes and Coupons (including any amounts 
attributable to the Notes and Coupons and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: (i) pari passu without 
any preference among themselves; (ii) at least pari passu with claims 
in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; (iii) in priority to claims 
in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and (iv) junior to any 
present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors.  
Approval, listing and admission 
to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets.
Ratings: 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s.  
SpareBank 1 SMN has been rated “A1” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 
Østlandet has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s.  SpareBank 1 Sørøst-
Norge has been rated “A1” by Moody’s.  
According to Moody’s rating system, the obligations rated ‘Aa’ are 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk and 
obligations rated ‘A’ are judged to be upper-medium grade and are 
subject to low credit risk. The numerical modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category and the 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. 
Source:  
https://www.moodys.com/researchdocumentcontentpage.aspx?docid=
PBC_79004  
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) 
assigned to the relevant Issuer.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law, except Conditions 2 and 3 which will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the UK, Belgium, Norway, Singapore and 
Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes (see 
“Subscription and Sale”).  
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuers may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the relevant Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes.  It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most 
likely to occur, as the Issuers may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they 
currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the 
Issuers’ control.  The Issuers have identified in this Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUERS 
Risks relating to macroeconomic conditions  
Counterparty defaults may lead to the Issuers being unable to satisfy their obligations under the Notes 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
borrowers and other counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuers’ businesses. As each Issuer 
currently conducts the majority of its business in Norway, its performance is influenced by the level and 
cyclical nature of business activity in Norway which, in turn, is affected by both domestic and international 
economic factors. 
2022 was a year marked by great uncertainty. The war in Ukraine, soaring energy prices, and 
lingering supply-chain effects resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, combined with the tightening of 
interest rates by central banks to to combat inflation, led to a challenging macroeconomic environment. The 
Central Bank of Norway (“Norges Bank”) raised its policy rate six times in 2022, from 0.50 per cent.to 2.75 
per cent. However, unemployment levels in Norway remained low and Norwegian household income levels 
were robust, which supported a healthy level of economic activity in Norway throughout the year.  
However, if Norges Bank’s monetary tightening efforts are not deemed successful in the short term, 
this may have an adverse impact on the level of economic activity in Norway. Even if a sharp economic 
downturn is avoided, the monetary tightening policies already in force could introduce challenges for 
businesses going forward which may result in an increase in the number of bankruptcies, If the Issuers’ 
borrowers suffer a decline in income (whether in absolute terms or relative to their expenses), borrowers may 
be unable to meet their payment obligations on their loans, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuers’ 
business, results of operations and/or financial condition and consequently their ability to perform their 
obligations under the Notes.  
If interest rates continue to rise and/or borrowers suffer a decline in disposable income, borrowers 
may be unable to meet their payment obligations on their loans, which may lead to increased disruptions in 
repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuers, which in turn may adversely affect 
the Issuers’ ability to perform their obligations under the Notes.  
Further, inflation may also have a negative impact on activity in the Norwegian economy in general 
and on the financial situation of bank customers. Inflation in Norway has risen sharply over the past year, 
driven in a large part by increased prices of electricity, oil and gas. Food prices have also risen significantly 
due to increased global commodity prices and production costs. Such a hyperinflationary environment, in 
combination with increased interest rates on loans, may cause borrowers to default their loans, which in turn 
may adversely affect the Issuers’ ability to perform their obligations under the Notes. If borrowers default on

--- Page 17 ---
17 
secured loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the relevant Issuer in order to realise the value of the 
collateral securing these loans. If, in the context of an enforcement action, the relevant market in which the 
mortgage or other form of collateral is established substantially declines, there is a risk that the relevant 
Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan. Any failure to recover the full amount of the 
loans could jeopardise the relevant Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Commercial real estate 
As at 31 March 2023, the Issuers’ gross loans related to commercial real estate amounted to, 11.7 per 
cent, 9 per cent, 13.6 per cent. and 9.5 per cent, for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 SMN, 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet and Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge respectively.  
The Issuers’ commercial real estate portfolios include loans to owners of commercial properties for 
leasing with long-term contracts such as hotels, retail stores, bars and restaurants, fitness centres, hairdressers 
and beauty salons.  
Norway’s annualised consumer price index approached 6.00 per cent.at the end of 2022, well above 
Norge Bank’s target of 2.00 per cent. To combat inflation and ease the pressure on the economy, Norges 
Bank raised its policy rate from 0.50 per cent.to 2.75 per cent. which is the highest policy rate level in almost 
14 years. Following several years with low interest rates, where commercial property prices have risen 
markedly as a result of increasing rental prices and low required rates of return, commercial tenants are now 
operating in a more costly landscape. Consequently, the yield on prime-commercial real estate declined 
through 2022, and also led to a decrease in the valuation of commercial real estate. Furthermore, if Norges 
Bank fails to combat inflation in the short-term, further tightening in its monetary policy is expected, which 
could have a significant adverse impact on the credit quality of commercial tenants and, consequently, on 
their ability to pay rent. Adding the effects of increased cost of electricity as well as increased interest 
payments, commercial real estate tenants may face more challenges to repay their loans going forward.  
Increased disruptions in repayments of rent from tenants will result in reduced revenue for the 
lessors, which in turn could result in disruptions in payment obligations under loans provided by the relevant 
Issuer. Disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the relevant Issuer may in 
turn jeopardise the Issuers’ ability to perform their obligations under the Notes. 
As at 31 March 2023, the Issuers’ loans in stage 31 within the commercial real estate sector 
amounted to NOK 162 million, NOK 13 million, NOK 219 million and NOK 50 million for SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 SMN, SpareBank 1 Østlandet and Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge respectively.  
Residential real estate  
The Issuers provide mortgage lending in the retail market. A significant decline in the value of 
residential real estate could significantly reduce the value of the collateral for such loans. If accompanied by 
deterioration in market conditions and/or higher unemployment, which in turn could result in difficulties for 
the Issuers’ customers in meeting their payment obligations, this could lead to increased disruptions in 
repayments of loans, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuers, which in turn may jeopardise the 
Issuers’ ability to perform their obligations under the Notes. 
As at 31 March 2023, the Issuers’ gross loans related to residential real estate amounted to 65 per 
cent., 67 per cent., 71.9 per cent. and 78.2 per cent., for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 SMN, 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet and Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge respectively. 
Oil-related exposures 
                                                    
1  
Stage 3 is used for lending that has a substantially higher credit risk than it did upon initial recognition, and 
where credit loss has occurred on the balance sheet date.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Oil prices are highly volatile and may fluctuate significantly in response to a single event, such as 
the war in Ukraine. In addition, oil prices vary substantially pending general economic developments.  
Although oil prices remained high throughout 2022, oil prices remain volatile and there can be no 
assurance that prices will not decrease significantly, which in turn could impact the oil-related industry and 
result in a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in this industry. This could 
have a significant impact on offshore service companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective 
credit quality, thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by SpareBank 1 
SMN on its loan portfolio within this sector.  
As at 31 March 2023, 3.0 per cent of SpareBank 1 SMN’s total gross loans was related to offshore 
services. Loans in stage 3 within the offshore sector amounted to NOK 0 million. 
Fisheries and aquaculture 
As at 31 March 2023, 6.6 per cent of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s and 4.0 per cent. SpareBank 1 
SMN’s total gross loans were related to fisheries and aquaculture.  
The Norwegian Kroner exchange rate has weakened during 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, 
leading to increased profits among exporters of fish from Norway as most sell their products in EUR and 
USD, and have their operating costs in NOK. However, a material strengthening of the Norwegian Kroner 
during 2023 may lead to lower profits and therefore a worsening in their credit. A new special-tax on fish-
farmers profits has also been proposed that may lead to a decline in profits during 2023. In the case of a 
recession, there is a risk of reduction in the demand for fish as consumers restrict their spending habits, 
which could result in a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating within the 
seafood industry. This could have a significant impact on such companies’ profitability and, consequently, 
on their respective credit quality, thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses 
experienced by SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and SpareBank 1 SMN within this sector. 
As at 31 March 2023, loans in stage 3 within the fisheries and aquaculture sector amounted to NOK 
20.3 million and NOK 0 for SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and SpareBank 1 SMN respectively.  
Business Risks 
The Issuers’ business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive environment 
affecting spreads on their lending and deposits 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Issuers’ lending and deposit 
spreads. The Issuers are exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by them on 
deposits or their funding costs and the interest rates that they charge on loans to customers. Although both 
the interest rates payable by the Issuers on deposits and the interest rates that they are able to charge on loans 
to customers are mainly floating rates, there is a risk that each Issuer will not be able to reprice its floating 
rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term.  
Deposits represent one of the Issuers’ main sources of financing. The Issuers are subject to 
competition for customer deposits and the current rising interest rate environment has increased customers’ 
awareness about their interest rate on their deposit, putting pressure on the Issuers’ deposit spreads. Interest 
rates are sensitive to several factors that are outside of the Issuers’ control, including fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. A 
further increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in 
defaults by the Issuers’ customers. Conversely, a reduction in the interest rates may adversely affect the 
Issuers through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and increased competition in respect 
of deposit rates and interest rates on loans to customers, which in turn could adversely affect the Issuers’ 
funding costs and the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due under the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The Issuers may not be able to obtain funding in the securities market on commercially reasonable terms or 
at all 
Due to changes in customer savings behaviour and relatively high credit demand, the Issuers are 
dependent on other sources of capital than deposits, such as loans in the Norwegian and international 
securities market. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in late February 2022 caused a significant increase in 
credit spreads on senior unsecured financing. Even though credit spreads remained elevated through 2022, 
compared to previous years, the credit market in both the Eurozone and in Norway operated relatively well. 
However, if the war in Ukraine were to spread to the other countries surrounding Ukraine, and in the worst 
case, involve a number of countries in Europe and NATO, credit markets may dry up, leaving the Issuers 
unable to access wholesale funding on commercially attractive terms or at all. This could in turn adversely 
impact the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
Credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which the Issuers are able to obtain funding in 
the securities market. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuers such as a downturn in the 
international or domestic financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuers, the Programme and/or 
any outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuers’ ability to 
perform their obligations under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuers’ borrowing costs, 
adversely affect the liquidity position of the Issuers, limit the Issuers’ access to the capital markets, 
undermine confidence in (and the competitive position of) the Issuers, and/or limit the range of 
counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuers. Any of these events may lead to difficulties 
for the Issuers in obtaining funding on commercially reasonable terms.  
The Issuers are increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be 
adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and 
communication technology (“ICT”) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches 
and towards greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications on 
smartphones. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware 
malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. ICT systems 
need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements and to keep pace 
with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance on information and 
communication technology more broadly. The Issuers may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a 
timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned.  
In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of their ICT systems or technical 
issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading their ICT systems, there is a risk that the 
Issuers could face liability for losses due to ICT system failures.  
The Issuers’ operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to data privacy and 
protection, including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. Juni 2018 nr. 38 om 
behandling av personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data 
Protection Regulation). The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security 
of the Issuers’ systems are essential to maintaining customer confidence and ensuring compliance with data 
privacy legislation. If the Issuers, or any third party suppliers fails to transmit customer information and 
payment details online securely, or if they otherwise fail to protect customer privacy in online transactions, 
or if third parties obtain and/or reveal the Issuers’ confidential information, the Issuers may lose customers 
and potential customers may be deterred from using the Issuers’ products and services, which could expose 
the Issuers to liability (including substantial fines) and could have a material adverse effect on their business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The Issuers are reliant on their outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of their ICT 
systems. Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant 
outsourcing contract, the Issuers’ ICT systems may be adversely affected. In particular, the Issuers and their 
customers have been, and may in the future become, affected by network problems, which relate to third-

--- Page 20 ---
20 
party suppliers, and which have affected and might affect in the future certain of the Issuers’ internet 
banking, mobile app and cash machine functions, resulting in service interruptions. A major disruption to the 
Issuers’ ICT systems, whether under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a 
material adverse effect on the normal operation of the Issuers’ business and thus on their financial condition 
and the results of their operations. 
Cybercrime 
The Issuers’ activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of 
ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continually 
evolving. The Norwegian Police Security Service (“PST”) informs about threats facing the Norwegian 
society in its yearly National Threat Assessment-report. In the report for 2023, the Russian intelligence 
service is highlighted as the greatest threat this year. The PST states that it is not likely that acts of sabotage 
will be carried out by Russia on Norwegian territory in 2023, however this scenario can become more 
relevant if Russia’s conflict with NATO and the West escalates. The Issuers may experience sabotage in the 
form of cyberattack. Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Issuers’ internet bank users and include 
potential unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank 
credentials as well as account and credit card information. The Issuers may experience security breaches or 
unexpected disruptions to their systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or 
losses to the Issuers, their customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ business, 
reputation and results of their operations.  
The Issuers are dependent on contribution from joint ventures within the SpareBank 1 Alliance   
The Issuers hold shares in SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS, which comprises the SpareBank 1 Alliance’s 
joint ventures within insurance, fund management, claims management and collection. The Issuers’ 
contribution from the joint ventures depends on the profit margin of these companies. As at 31 March 2023, 
the SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS recorded a profit after tax of NOK 272 million. Any significant deterioration 
in the Issuers’ revenues due to losses in the joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ 
financial conditions, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due 
under the Notes. 
The Issuers are part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance and are dependent on the SpareBank 1 brand  
The Issuers are part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance. The SpareBank 1 brand is a recognised brand in 
Norway. The business model of the SpareBank 1 banks benefits from a high degree of physical presence 
within the regions of Norway in which the SpareBank 1 Alliance operates. Possible future decisions by the 
SpareBank 1 Alliance concerning its business model and the selection of services and products offered by 
the members of the SpareBank 1 Alliance may have a negative effect on the SpareBank 1 brand, which in 
turn could result in the Issuers losing market share within the regions they operate and thus reduced 
revenues. Any significant deterioration in the Issuers’ revenues due to negative effects on the SpareBank 1 
brand could have a material adverse effect on the Issuers’ financial conditions which, in turn could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuers’ ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
Failure in compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules:  
The Issuers’ compliance risk management systems and policies may not be fully effective in 
preventing all violations of laws, regulations and rules. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering, 
anti-bribery and sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on financial institutions and requires 
significant technical capabilities. Any failure by the Issuers to comply with applicable laws and regulations, 
including those relating to money laundering, bribery, financial crimes, sanctions and other inappropriate or 
illegal transactions, may lead to penalties, fines, public reprimands, damage to reputation, issuance of 
business improvement and other administrative orders, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme 
cases, adversely affect the ability to obtain future regulatory approvals or withdrawal of authorisation to 
operate. These consequences may harm the Issuers’ reputation, resulting in loss of customer or market 
confidence in the Issuers or deterioration.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-
viability of the Issuer  
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or 
“BRRD”) has been implemented in Norway through amendments to chapter 20 of the Financial 
Undertakings Act which took effect on 1 January 2019. The implementing legislation grants authority to the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (the “FSAN”) to implement detailed requirements and 
supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution authority. 
Each Issuer is a Norwegian bank and accordingly falls within the scope of the BRRD as 
implemented in Norway. The bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or administrative procedures to which a 
bank such as the relevant Issuer could be subject under the laws of Norway, are: (i) either resolution pursuant 
to the tools provided for under the BRRD; or (ii) winding up by way of public administration as further set 
out in Chapter 20 of the Financial Undertakings Act.  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity. This is to ensure the continuity of the relevant 
entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure 
on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there 
is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of 
business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of 
its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution –  which enables resolution authorities to transfer all 
or part of the business of the relevant entity  to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its 
repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or 
problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with 
a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down 
certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the 
reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity or 
other instruments of ownership (the “general bail-in tool”), which equity or other instruments could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the 
above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to 
provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist 
of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support 
must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when) it is, or is likely in the near 
future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation, its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities, it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
If the Issuer becomes subject to resolution as provided for in the BRRD, the holders of the Notes 
may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or 
all of their investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which 
payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of 
provisions in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD 
as implemented in Norway or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any Notes. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non-viability loss 
absorption, under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will depend on their ranking in 
accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-
in tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the 
relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). Any such 
compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely 
to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also 
likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. In 
the event that Subordinated Notes are subject to the application of non-viability loss absorption, 
compensation (if any) would only by in the form of equity. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the 
further power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-
viability loss absorption). The Banking Reform Package (as defined below) extends the scope of non-
viability of loss absorption powers to certain eligible liabilities (see “Changes in capital adequacy and 
liquidity requirements may adversely affect the Issuers’ results of operations or financial condition”). Any 
shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject 
to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or other resolution powers as outlined above. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which: (i) the relevant authority determines that the institution meets 
the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or in the near future is expected to 
meet such conditions; or (ii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution or its group 
other than for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to 
preserve financial stability; and (iii) the relevant authority determines that the institution or its group will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or 
converted. 
In addition to becoming subject to the general bail-in tool, holders of Subordinated Notes may 
accordingly be subject to write-down or conversion into equity as a result of the non-viability loss absorption 
rules, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.  
Under the BRRD, there is a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels 
of own funds and other eligible liabilities (“MREL”) which would be available to be written down or bailed-
in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the 
methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities.  
In December 2022, the FSAN set MREL requirements for the Issuers (other than for SpareBank 1 
Sørøst-Norge, whose requirements were last updated in January 2023), which is set at a percentage of the 
respective Issuer’s adjusted risk weighted assets from time to time. As per paragraph 4 of Article 128 of the 
Capital Requirements Directive, an Issuer shall not use Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital that is 
maintained to meet its combined buffer requirement (“CBR”) to meet its risk-weighted MREL requirement. 
Accordingly, each Issuer’s effective MREL requirement constitutes a higher percentage of such Issuer’s

--- Page 23 ---
23 
adjusted risk-weighted assets, which equals the sum of the MREL requirement and the CBR. Future changes 
to the CBR will automatically be reflected in and affect the Issuers’ effective MREL requirements.   
Each Issuer’s MREL requirement and effective MREL requirement respectively at the date of this 
Prospectus, are set out below:  
(i) 
SpareBank 1 SMN: 26.70 per cent. / 36.10 per cent.; 
(ii) 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 26.60 per cent. / 36.10 per cent.;  
(iii) 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: 25.92 per cent. / 35.34 per cent.; and  
(iv) 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge: 25 per cent. / 31.50 per cent. 
The MREL requirements determined by the FSAN must be met with MREL qualifying instruments, 
of which a certain percentage shall be subordinated liabilities. MREL qualifying instruments are instruments 
that qualify as eligible liabilities instruments under the BRRD and Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the “Capital 
Requirements Regulation”, “CRR”) (as amended from time to time). The subordination requirement equals 2 
x the minimum capital requirement in Pillar 1 + 2 x the Pillar 2 requirement + the CBR. CET1 capital that is 
maintained to meet the CBR may also be used to meet the subordination requirement. The subordination 
requirement shall be fulfilled entirely from 1 January 2024, with an interim requirement for subordination 
applying from 1 January 2023. This interim requirement is set in between the minimum requirement for 
subordination that applied from 1 January 2022 and the final subordination requirement that will apply from 
1 January 2024. Noteholders should be aware that Notes may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose 
all or some of their investment in any Notes that are bailed-in.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the relevant Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors and, if the EU 
Commission’s CMDI proposal is adopted and transposed into Norwegian law, the Senior Preferred Notes 
would rank junior to all of the Issuer’s depositors. An investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes assumes an 
enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank (i) pari passu with the 
rights and claims of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (ii) pari passu with claims in respect of 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any; and (iii) in priority to claims in 
respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and (iv) junior to any present or future claims of Senior 
Creditors. 
If, on a winding up of the relevant Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer 
to repay the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire 
investment in the Senior Non- Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the 
claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its 
obligations in respect of the Senior Non- Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment 
in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than Senior Preferred Notes or other liabilities of the relevant Issuer which rank in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or some of their investment should 
the relevant Issuer become insolvent or should the relevant Issuer or the Notes become subject to the actions 
described in the risk factor entitled “Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the 
general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer” above. 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors of the relevant Issuer 
(other than in respect of preferred and covered deposits). On 18 April 2023, the European Commission 
adopted a proposal to adjust and further strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit 
insurance (“CMDI”) framework. If implemented in the EU as proposed and subsequently transposed into 
Norwegian law as part of the EEA Agreement, one element of the proposal would mean that Senior 
Preferred Notes will no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; instead, the Senior Preferred

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Notes will rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. As such, there may be an increased 
risk to an investor in Senior Preferred Notes of losing all or some of their investment. The proposal, if 
implemented in Norway, may also lead to a rating downgrade of Senior Preferred Notes. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes as "eligible liabilities" is 
subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the 
Applicable MREL Regulations then applicable) of the relevant Issuer. However, if the Applicable MREL 
Regulations were to change after a series of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes were 
issued, the relevant Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the relevant Issuer may, at its option but 
subject to Condition 6(j) (if applicable), (i) where the applicable Final Terms specify Condition 6(l) to be 
applicable, redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms 
specify Condition 6(n) to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes for, 
or vary the terms of such Series of Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying MREL 
Securities. See "Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event 
Redemption" and "In certain circumstances, the relevant Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes" 
for a description of the risks related to an early redemption of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, of Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Where the applicable Final Terms state that Condition 6(l) applies, if a MREL Disqualification 
Event occurs, the relevant Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of 
the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or, if 
applicable, such other minimum period and maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 6(l), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the 
case may be. 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated and investors in Subordinated 
Notes assume an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The relevant Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and 
will rank junior in priority of payment to the claims of more senior ranking creditors of the relevant Issuer 
(such as the Senior Preferred Noteholders and Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders).  
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their 
investment should the relevant Issuer become insolvent or should the relevant Issuer or the Notes become

--- Page 25 ---
25 
subject to the actions described in the risk factor entitled “Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any 
application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer” above. 
If, on a winding up of the relevant Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer 
to repay the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire 
investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of 
senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, 
Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the relevant Issuer may 
issue, incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if 
any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption 
If a Capital Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the relevant Issuer 
may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if 
applicable), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum 
period and maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 6(k), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
an Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as 
the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert

--- Page 26 ---
26 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Substitution and variation of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
without Noteholder consent 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or 
Condition 6(n) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time 
a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or a MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18, the relevant Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of 
the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant 
Noteholders) either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, as the case may be, for, or vary 
the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 18 from English law to 
Norwegian law), as the case may be, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Qualifying MREL Securities (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as further provided in Condition 6(m) or 
Condition 6(n), as the case may be.  The Terms and Conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have 
terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and 
conditions of the original Notes, provided that the relevant Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying MREL Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions.   
While the relevant Issuer cannot otherwise make changes to the terms of Notes that, in its reasonable 
opinion, are materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes as a class, the governing law of 
Condition 18 may be changed from English law to Norwegian law in order to ensure its effectiveness and 
enforceability.  
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
holder.  In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could 
be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of 
holding the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to the Notes is limited to payments of interest only 
The relevant Issuer's obligation under Condition 7 to pay additional amounts in the event of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of the Notes applies only to 
payments of interest and not to payments of principal or any other amounts. As such, the relevant Issuer 
would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of such Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal or such other amounts. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any such Notes, Noteholders may 
receive less than the full amount of principal due under such Notes upon redemption, and the market value of 
such Notes may be adversely affected. 
There are limited Events of Default and remedies in relation to Notes  
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes are limited to the occurrence of certain liquidation and 
insolvency events, and the enforcement rights of the Noteholders in relation to such Events of Default are 
extremely limited. In particular, the Noteholders will not be entitled to accelerate any amounts under the 
Notes except in the liquidation of the Issuer or other insolvency proceedings in respect of the relevant Issuer. 
Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are restricted by such limited Events of Default.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
See Condition 9 (Events of Default). Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are 
restricted by the limited events of default. For the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which are also Green Bonds 
will still be subject to the limited Events of Default and remedies described above. 
There is no right of set-off, netting or counterclaim in relation to the Notes 
No Holder of any Notes or the Coupons relating thereto will be entitled to set-off the relevant 
Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the relevant Issuer. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In addition to the call rights described below under “Subordinated Notes: Capital Event 
Redemption”, Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing the relevant Issuer to call them after 
a minimum period of, for example, five years.  To exercise such a call option, the relevant Issuer must (if, 
and to the extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator) obtain the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator.  
Any early redemption by the relevant Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes is also subject to the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then 
required by the Relevant Regulator and by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be 
exercised by the relevant Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree to permit such a call, based upon its 
evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the relevant Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant 
time. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call. Holders of such Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a 
period of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable).  
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the 
case may be. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being 
determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to 
movements in currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, the relevant 
Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different 
from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices;

--- Page 28 ---
28 
(vi) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor that the 
impact of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable 
will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in 
the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication 
of the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of their investment. 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. 
Any failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could 
result in such investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the 
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Certain majority decisions will be binding on all Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice.  
The conditions of the Notes (except for Condition 3) are based on English law in effect as at the date 
of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could materially 
and adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Condition 3 is based on Norwegian law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Norwegian law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could materially and adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
In particular, potential investors should note that any new statutes, ordinances and regulations, 
amendments to legislation or any change in applicable law or administrative practice or the application of the 
same (including any amendments to or changes in application of tax laws or regulations) may affect the 
Notes and/or have a material adverse effect on the relevant Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the relevant Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes, including on the secondary market value of the 
Notes.  
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to Green Bonds 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor   
The Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) relating to any 
specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-
friendly and/or other environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) (“Green Projects”) as 
described in the relevant Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. Prospective investors should consult with their 
legal and other advisers before making an investment in any such Notes and must determine for themselves 
the relevance of the information set out in this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes)  for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any 
other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Project). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as 
to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "sustainable", "social" or an equivalently-labelled 
project or investment continues to evolve (including as a result of the introduction of the EU Taxonomy (as

--- Page 30 ---
30 
defined below) and similar classification schemes in other jurisdictions), and such Green Projects may not 
reflect these developments. Even if such a definition, market consensus or label should develop or be 
established, no assurance can be given by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person 
to investors that any Green Projects will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any 
"green", "sustainable", "environmental", "social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, 
including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the so-called “EU Taxonomy”) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA) nor that they comply with the criteria of any taxonomies, common standards or other 
framework relating to green investments, and, accordingly, the status of any Notes as being "green", 
"sustainable", "social" (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time.  
SpareBank 1 SMN has published a Green Bond Framework relating to an investment in Green 
Projects which is available on its website (https://www.SpareBank1.no/en/smn/about-us/sustainability/green-
bond-framework.html). SpareBank 1 Østlandet has published a Green Bond Framework which is available 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/sustainability/green-bond-
framework.html). SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has published a Green Finance Framework which is available on 
its 
website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/about-us/about-us/sustainability/green-finance-
framework.html). SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge has published a Green Bond Framework which is available on 
its 
website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/nb/sorost/om-oss/barekraft/retningslinjer-og-rammeverk/green-
bond-framework.html). For the avoidance of doubt, each Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Each Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 
may be amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders and none of the relevant Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers assumes any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the 
relevant Green Bond Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of 
publication of the Green Bond Framework. 
No assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other 
person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor should it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the 
Arranger, any Dealer, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion, report or 
certification is only current as of the date that such opinion, report or certification was issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse 
against the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, report or 
certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, 
the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, any 
Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any

--- Page 31 ---
31 
such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of 
the Notes. 
Whilst it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for 
Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in its relevant Green Bond Framework (as 
applicable), this Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes), there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) which are the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for the specified Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the 
relevant Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or otherwise result in the Notes being 
redeemed prior to their maturity date. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer shall be responsible for the 
ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds of any such Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of such opinion or certification as described above or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.   
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the relevant Issuer to customers for the purposes of 
financing or refinancing Green Projects may not match the maturity date of the Notes issued to fund such 
advances. The subsequent redemption of relevant loans advanced by the relevant Issuer, or the project(s) or 
use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects before the maturity date of any Notes issued to fund 
such advances shall not lead to the early redemption of such Notes nor create any obligation or incentive of 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes at any time or be a factor in the Issuer’s determination as to whether or not to 
exercise any early redemption rights it may have from time to time. 
Any event or failure by the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue 
of Notes to advance loans to customers to finance and/or refinance any Green Projects, and/or any failure by 
any such customer to apply those funds to Green Projects as mentioned above, and/or withdrawal of any 
opinion or certification in connection with any Notes, or any opinion or certification attesting that the 
relevant Issuer or any of its customers is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market or any particular segment of any exchange or market as 
described above and/or any failure by the relevant Issuer to provide or publish any reporting or any impact 
assessment on the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) from any issue of Notes will not: 
 
i. 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the relevant Issuer, the Arranger and/or any Dealer; 
 
ii. 
constitute an event of default or, as the case may be, enforcement event under the relevant Green 
Bonds or a breach or violation of any term of the Green Bonds, or constitute a default by the relevant 
Issuer for any other purpose, or permit any Noteholder to accelerate the Green Bonds or take any 
other enforcement action against the relevant Issuer; 
 
iii. 
lead to a right or obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds or be a relevant factor 
for the relevant Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Green Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Green 
Bonds;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
iv. 
affect the qualification of relevant Green Bonds’ qualification as Tier 2 Capital or MREL Eligible 
Liabilities (as applicable) or impact the features relating to such Green Bonds, including but not 
limited to their loss absorbing capacity, ranking, applicability of any bail-in and resolution measures 
available under the BRRD; 
v. 
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of such Green 
Bonds to cover any losses, regardless of whether such losses stem from Green Projects; or 
vi. 
result in any step-up or increased payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) in respect 
of any Green Bonds, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any Green Bonds. 
However, such event or failure may adversely affect the reputation of the relevant Issuer and could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and also potentially the value of any other notes, 
including (without limitation) notes which are intended to finance the relevant Issuer’s lending for other 
Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  Any Green Bonds may also be subject, as applicable, to any 
of the other risks highlighted in the section “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes”, 
including any bail-in and resolution measures available under BRRD in the same way as any other Notes 
issued under the Programme are subject thereto, see “Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any 
application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer”. 
The proceeds of issue of Notes which are eligible to count as Tier 2 capital and/or MREL of the 
relevant Issuer will be available to absorb losses of the relevant Issuer to the same degree and in the same 
manner as Tier 2 and/or MREL notes that are not issued as Green Bonds. Notes issued as Green Bonds will 
be subject to write down and conversion of capital instruments and eligible liabilities and/ or other non-
viability loss absorption actions in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme. Further, 
investors should note that where Green Bonds qualify for inclusion in the owns funds and eligible liabilities 
of the relevant Issuer, the prudential and resolution rules, including the bail-in tool as defined in the Risk 
Factor “Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuer” will apply to those Green Bonds in the same way as they apply to other Notes 
issued under the Programme.  Green Bonds intended to form part of the own funds and eligible liabilities of 
the relevant Issuer will not be issued with any features which undermine their ability to absorb losses in 
compliance with the prevailing prudential and resolution rules, and neither the Green Bonds nor the proceeds 
of issue of the Notes will be afforded any special treatment or enhanced protections as a result of them being 
Green Bonds. Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will continue to be subject to lower 
priority ranking than other senior-ranking debts of the Issuer, and the other risks applicable to Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, including with respect to loss 
absorption as a result of bail-in or write down shall apply to such irrespective of whether or not such Notes 
are Green Bonds. 
There is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green targets of the relevant 
Issuer. The payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Notes and rights to accelerate 
under the Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Green Projects or any other 
environmental targets of the relevant Issuer, nor will any investors in the same have any preferred right 
against such assets.  
Investors should refer to the relevant Issuer's website and the Green Bond Framework (as further 
described in "Use of Proceeds", below) for further information. 
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments of the Issuers and the Notes 
Changes in capital adequacy and liquidity requirements may adversely affect the Issuers’ results of 
operations or financial condition  
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented 
in recent years in order to increase capital requirements, increase the quantity and quality of capital and raise

--- Page 33 ---
33 
liquidity levels in the banking sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) and implemented by the EU through 
CRD IV (as defined below). 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and 
to implement the Basel III agreement into the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital 
requirements. The package included Directive 2013/36/EU (the “Capital Requirements Directive”, “CRD 
IV”) and the CRR. CRD IV and CRR were implemented into Norwegian law 31 December 2019. 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks consist of two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum 
capital requirements determined by the political authorities. As per the provisions of the Financial 
Undertakings Act, banks must hold own funds at least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets 
(RWAs), of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital and at least 6 per 
cent. must be Tier 1 capital. 
In addition to the minimum CET1 requirement, the Financial Undertakings Act and the Regulation 
on CRR/CRD IV (No.: CRR/CRD IV-forskriften) impose various capital buffer requirements which must be 
met by Norwegian financial institutions with CET1 capital. As of the date of this Prospectus, the minimum 
buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, (ii) a systemic risk buffer 
of 4.5 per cent. of RWAs (3 per cent. for banks using the standardised approach for credit risk) and (iii) a 
counter-cyclical buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs. 
The Financial Undertakings Act gives FSAN power to require banks to hold additional capital, 
commonly referred to as “Pillar 2”. The Pillar 2 requirement imposed by the FSAN comes in addition to the 
Pillar 1 requirements and is intended to cover institution-specific risks which are not covered or only partly 
covered by Pillar 1.  
The Basel III framework also provides for capital requirements based on total (i.e., non-risk 
weighted) assets, referred to as leverage ratio requirements. Under the CRR, there is a requirement to 
maintain a leverage ratio of minimum 3 per cent. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee adopted changes to several parts of the Basel III standards 
for capital adequacy assessments, aiming, among other things, to ensure greater consistency between banks’ 
reported capital adequacy figures and capital requirements (such changes being commonly referred to as 
Basel IV). Basel IV includes adjustments to the standardised approach and the internal ratings-based 
approach, as well as the introduction of a new capital floor. The new capital floor requirement will reduce 
differences in risk weights and result in more harmonised capital requirements across national borders. Basel 
IV was planned to take effect 1 January 2022, with a five-year phase-in period. In response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the deadline was postponed by one year to 1 January 2023, with a five-year phasing-in period. On 
27 October 2021, the European Commission proposed to implement Basel IV with effect from 1 January 
2025 with transitional arrangements applying over a further five-year period.  
As the implementation of Basel IV requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for 
its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible assets 
or not), may be subject to some level of national variation. 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector by setting 
requirements for a liquidity coverage ratio (the LCR). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has introduced an 
LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. Due to the limited size of the domestic 
capital market, the minimum requirement for LCR in NOK is set at 50 per cent. for banks that have U.S.$ 
and/or euro as other significant currencies, with the difference being made up by either U.S.$ or euro. As a 
result and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the Issuers may need to hold additional liquid 
assets, which may have an adverse effect on their results of operations or financial condition. 
A net stable funding ratio (NSFR) has also been introduced with the Basel III framework. The 
funding ratio seeks to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable

--- Page 34 ---
34 
funding. Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR (CRR II) introduced a binding NSFR of at least 
100%. The CRR II has been implemented in Norwegian law and took effect 1 June 2022. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments 
to the CRD IV, the CRR and the BRRD and proposed an amending directive to facilitate the creation of a 
new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt (the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform 
Package covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, the mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, the permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, the 
macroprudential tools, a new category of “non-preferred” senior debt, the MREL (as defined above) 
framework and the integration of the Financial Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing 
capacity into EU legislation. The various directives and regulations intended to implement the Banking 
Reform Package were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered 
into force in the European Union on 27 June 2019. 
On 9 April 2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal to Parliament 
for the implementation of the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD (respectively, “CRR II”, 
“CRD V” and “BRRD II”) into Norwegian law. The legislative proposal was adopted by the Norwegian 
Parliament on 18 June 2021 and entered into force 1 June 2022. 
The new category of “non-preferred” senior debt mentioned above is included in the Banking 
Reform Package by virtue of a draft amending directive facilitating the creation of such new asset class of 
“non-preferred” senior debt which was published in final form on 12 December 2017 (the “Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive”). A legislative proposal transposing the Creditor Hierarchy Directive into Norwegian 
law through amendments of the Financial Undertakings Act was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament on 23 
April 2021 and entered into force on 1 July 2021.  
In order to ensure compliance with an ever-changing regulatory landscape, the Issuers may need to 
increase their capital ratios in the future by reducing their lending or investment in other operations or raising 
additional capital. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, 
may not be available on attractive terms or at all. In addition, it is difficult to predict what regulatory 
requirements relating to capital may be imposed in the future or accurately estimate the impact that any 
currently proposed regulatory changes may have on the business, the products and services offered by the 
Issuers and the values of their assets. For example, if any entity of an Issuer is required to make additional 
provisions, increase its reserves or capital, or exit or change its approach to certain businesses as a result of 
the initiatives to strengthen the regulation of credit institutions, this could materially adversely affect such 
Issuer’s results of operations or financial condition. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including EURIBOR and CMS 
Rate) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuers) of benchmark of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not

--- Page 35 ---
35 
authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR and CMS Rate): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) 
leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
In the case of Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 4(e) (Benchmark 
replacement) applies, if the relevant Issuer (in consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has 
occurred, then the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
further described in Condition 4(e)) and an Adjustment Spread. If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the relevant Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot 
select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the relevant Issuer may determine the replacement 
rate, provided that if the relevant Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
The ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest or for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on 
the Relevant Screen Page.  
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that 
are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have 
been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the 
relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the relevant Issuer fails to agree a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, with the Independent Adviser, the relevant 
Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In

--- Page 36 ---
36 
addition, while any adjustment spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential 
transfer of value between counterparties, the application of an adjustment spread to the Notes may result in 
the Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form.  
The relevant Issuer has also undertaken in the Conditions that it will not make any amendment 
pursuant to Condition 4(e)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if to do so could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as, in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or, 
in the case of the Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
of the relevant Issuer. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any Notes linked to or referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable or any of the national or international reforms and the possible application of the benchmark 
replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.   
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
Each Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings the Issuer or to the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. If any rating assigned to the Issuers or the Notes is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn 
or not maintained by the Issuers, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
The Issuers are exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. As at the 
date of this Prospectus, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s.  SpareBank 1 SMN has 
been rated “A1” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 Østlandet has been rated “Aa3” by Moody’s. SpareBank 1 
Sørøst-Norge has been rated “A1” by Moody’s. The ratings from Moody’s carry stable outlooks. The 
Issuers’ ratings from Moody's currently incorporate one notch of rating uplift due to the rating agency's 
moderate government support assumption driven by their systemic importance. Moody's said that its 
government support assumptions are likely to be revised lower, once the proposed legislation for BRRD is 
passed into law by the parliament. Any adverse changes in rating methodologies may materially and 
adversely affect the Issuers’ operations or financial condition and the Issuers’ funding costs and ability to 
access the debt capital markets.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the independent auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual 
financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 of each Issuer, including the information set out in the cross-reference list 
below in particular, available at:  
SpareBank 1 SMN, 2022: 
https://annualreport.smn.no/2022/pdf/2/annual-report-
2022.pdf
SpareBank 1 SMN, 2021: 
https://annualreport.smn.no/2021/pdf/2/annual-report-
2021.pdf     
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, 2022: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord
-
norge/OmOss/investor/rapporter/2022/SpareBank_1_No
rd-Norge_annual_report_2022_lowres.pdf
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, 2021: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord
-norge/OmOss/investor/rapporter/2021/snn_arsrapport-
2021_engelsk.pdf   
SpareBank 1 Østlandet, 2022: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostla
ndet/omoss/investor/2023/ost-SPOL-Annual-Report-
2022.pdf
SpareBank 1 Østlandet, 2021: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostla
ndet/omoss/investor/representantskapet/Annual-report-
2021.pdf   
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge, 2022: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/soro
st/OmOss/investor/rapporter/2022/sorost-aarsrapport-
2022-eng.pdf
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge, 2021: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/soro
st/OmOss/investor/rapporter/2021/sorost-arsrapport-
2021-eng.pdf   
 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for the three-month period ended 
31 March 2023 of each Issuer, including the information set out the cross-reference list 
below in particular, available at:  
SpareBank 1 
SMN: 
https://quarterlyreport.smn.no/2023/multimedia/1673/quarterly-report-
1st-quarter-2023.pdf 
SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/rapporter/2023/sparebank-1-nord-norge-
quarterly-report-1q-23.pdf

--- Page 39 ---
39 
SpareBank 1 
Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/inv
estor/Rapporter2023/SPOL-20231Q-ENG-quarterly-report.pdf 
SpareBank 1 
Sørøst-Norge: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sorost/OmOss/invest
or/rapporter/2023/sorost-q1-2023-eng.pdf 
(c) 
the memorandum and articles of association of each of the Issuers:  
SpareBank 1 
SMN: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/smn/om-
oss/Barekraft/smn-vedtekter-eng.pdf  
SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge:
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/articles-of-association-26.03.2020.pdf
SpareBank 1 
Østlandet:
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/om
banken/SPOL_ArticlesOfAssociation_200326.pdf
SpareBank 1 
Sørøst-Norge: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sorost/OmOss/barek
raft/green-framwork/sorost-articles-of-association.pdf  
(d) 
the following Terms and Conditions of the Notes prepared by the Issuers in connection with 
the Programme and contained in the previous Prospectuses dated:  
(i)  
18 June 2015, pages 49 – 75 (inclusive);  
available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: http://hugin.info/144/R/1976973/888229.pdf   
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2015.pdf   
(ii) 
10 June 2016, pages 51 – 78 (inclusive);  
available at:  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2016.pdf  
 (iii) 
9 June 2017, pages 51-78 (inclusive); 
available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: http://hugin.info/144/R/2146448/888237.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2017.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/investor/rating/
SPOL_EMTN_Prospectus_2017.pdf  
(iv) 
15 June 2018, pages 57 – 85 (inclusive);  
available at:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
SpareBank 1 SMN: http://hugin.info/144/R/2199859/888233.pdf 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2018.PDF 
 
(v) 
17 June 2019, pages 65 – 100 (inclusive);  
available at:  
SpareBank 1 SMN: https://ml-
eu.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/bb82c65e-63a4-4d4c-a027-
dcb15a0be885  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/EMTN_Prospectus_2019.pdf 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/investor/rating/
SPOL_EMTN_Prospectus_2019.pdf 
(vi) 
17 June 2020, pages 67 – 102 (inclusive);  
Available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: https://ml-
eu.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/ffae3b78-6ed1-42c8-98d0-
4dc0894b82e8   
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/ombanken/SPO
L_EMTN_Prospectus_2020.pdf 
(vii) 
16 June 2021, pages 71 – 106 (inclusive);  
Available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/smn/om-
oss/investor/smn-investor-prospectus-etmn-2021.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/snn-emtn-prospectus_2021.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/investor/fundin
g/ost-EMTN-prospectus-2021.pdf  
(viii) 
22 June 2022, pages 72 – 107 (inclusive);  
Available at: 
SpareBank 1 SMN: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/smn/om-
oss/investor/smn-investor-prospectus-etmn-2022.pdf  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge: https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-
norge/OmOss/investor/funding/snn-emtn-prospectus-2022.pdf

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of the Prospectuses referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference lists below) are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Each Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue 
of Notes.  
 
Cross Reference List  
Annual Report 
2021 
Annual Report 
2022  
Quarterly 
Financial 
Statements 31 
March 2023 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
Financial Statements 
 
 
 
Statement of financial position
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
page 96
page 107
page 23
‒ 
consolidated .................................... page 96 
page 107 
page 23 
Income Statement
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
page 94
page 105
page 21
‒ 
consolidated .................................... page 94 
page 105 
page 21 
Cash flow statement
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
page 101
page 112
page 24
‒ 
consolidated .................................... page 101 
page 112 
page 24 
Change in equity 
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
page 98-100
page 109-111
pages 25-27
‒ 
consolidated .................................... page 98-100 
page 109-111 
pages 25-27 
Accounting Policies and Explanatory Notes
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
page 104-199
page 113-210
pages 28-59
‒ 
consolidated .................................... pages 104-199 
page 113-210 
pages 28-59 
Independent Auditors’ reports
pages 206-211
pages 217-218
63
Alternative Performance Measures (complete 
document) 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................ page 69
page 57 
page 17 
‒ 
consolidated .................................... page 69
page 57 
page 17 
Income Statement 
  
  
 
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................ page 68
page 56 
page 16 
‒ 
consolidated .................................... page 68 
page 56 
page 16

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Cross Reference List  
Annual Report 
2021 
Annual Report 
2022  
Quarterly 
Financial 
Statements 31 
March 2023 
Cash flow statement 
  
  
 
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
page 72
page 60
page 19
‒ 
consolidated....................................
page 72
page 60
page 19
Change in equity  
  
  
 
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
pages 70-71
pages 58-59
pages 18
‒ 
consolidated....................................
pages 70-71
pages 58-59
pages 18
Accounting Polices and Explanatory Notes 
  
  
 
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
pages 74-160
pages 62-148
pages 21-53 
‒ 
consolidated....................................
pages 74-160
pages 62-148
pages 21-53
Independent Auditors’ reports 
pages 164-169  
pages 152-157 
N/A  
Alternative Performance Measures
pages 161-163
pages 149-151
N/A
 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet
 
 
 
Financial Statements
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
           -            unconsolidated.................................
page 145
page 128
page 19
           -            consolidated………………………
page 145
page 128
page 19
Income Statement 
 
 
 
          -            unconsolidated……………………
page 143
page 126
page 17
           -            consolidated……………………..
page 143
page 126
page 17
Cash flow statement 
 
 
 
           -            unconsolidated……………………
page 148
page 131
page 23
          -            consolidated……………………..
page 148
page 131
page 23
Change in equity  
 
 
 
           -            unconsolidated……………………
pages 146-147
pages 129-130
pages 20-22
           -            consolidated……………………..
pages 146-147
pages 129-130
pages 20-22
Accounting Policies and Explanatory Notes 
 
 
 
          -             unconsolidated…………………..
pages 150-214
pages 133-199
pages 24-49
          -             consolidated……………………..
pages 150-214
pages 133-199
pages 24-49
Independent Auditors’ reports 
pages 217-223 
pages 200-206 
N/A  
Alternative Performance Measures
pages 228-231
pages 212-215
N/A
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge  
 
 
 
Financial Statements
Balance Sheet
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................ page 31 
page 34 
page 31 
‒ 
consolidated....................................
page 31
page 34
page 31
Income Statement
‒ 
unconsolidated ................................ page 30
page 33 
page 30 
‒ 
consolidated....................................
page 30
page 33
page 30

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Cross Reference List  
Annual Report 
2021 
Annual Report 
2022  
Quarterly 
Financial 
Statements 31 
March 2023 
Cash flow statement 
  
  
 
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
page 34
pages 37-38
page 35
‒ 
consolidated....................................
page 34
pages 37-38
page 35
Change in equity  
  
  
 
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
pages 32-33
pages 35-36
pages 33
‒ 
consolidated....................................
pages 32-33
pages 35-36
pages 33
Accounting Polices and Explanatory Notes 
  
  
 
‒ 
unconsolidated................................
pages 38-107
pages 42-116
pages 39-65 
‒ 
consolidated....................................
pages 38-107
pages 42-116
pages 39-65
Independent Auditors’ reports 
pages 112-117 
pages 121-126 
N/A 
Alternative Performance Measures
pages 110
pages 119
N/A

--- Page 44 ---
44 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will  initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Note, each a “Global 
Note”) which, in either case, will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and (ii) if the Global Notes are not intended 
to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent (the “Agent”). 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive Notes 
of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means 
that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an

--- Page 45 ---
45 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available 
or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and 
ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notes may be accelerated by the holder thereof only in limited circumstances described in Condition 
9(a). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 
22 June 2023, executed by each Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new 
Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or 
more issued and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed 
capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
 [Date] 
[SpareBank 1 SMN/SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge/SpareBank 1 Østlandet/SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 
[7V6Z97IO7R1SEAO84Q32]/[549300SXM92LQ05OJQ76]/[549300VRM6G42M8OWN49]/[5967007L
IEEXZX4VQO21] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Prospectus dated 22 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus[, the supplement[s] to it], and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms, are available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer 
[[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/about-us/investor/financial-information/funding.html]  
[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/investor/debt-investors/funding.html]/ 
[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/smn/about-us/investor/financial-info/funding.html]/[ 
https://www.sparebank1.no/nb/sorost/om-oss/investor/finansiell-info/funding.html]] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [[18 June 2015]/[10 June 2016]/[9 June 2017]/[15 June 
2018]/[17 June 2019]/[17 June 2020]/[16 June 2021]/[22 June 2022]] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Prospectus dated 22 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein

--- Page 48 ---
48 
for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 22 June 
2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus has been and, in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
[[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/investor/debt-
investors/funding.html]/[https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/about-us/investor/financial-
information/funding.html]/[https://protect-
eu.mimecast.com/s/S6CACzmAJcMXvKWioTSu5?domain=sparebank1.no.]/[ 
https://www.sparebank1.no/nb/sorost/om-oss/investor/finansiell-info/funding.html]]    
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1.
(i)
Series Number:
[    ]
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ]  
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [insert issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(i) 
Series:
[    ]
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (if 
applicable) 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess

--- Page 49 ---
49 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000.”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date/ or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis:
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
 
[[[    ] month [EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference Rate] 
+/– [    ] per cent. Floating Rate]
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Call Options:
[Not Applicable]
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call]
 
[(see paragraph [17][18] below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred 
/Subordinated] 
If Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes:

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(a) 
Condition 6(l) (Redemption 
of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes 
upon 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Condition 6(n) (Substitution 
or 
Variation 
– 
Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes)
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If Subordinated Notes: 
 
(a) 
Condition 
6(m) 
(Substitution or Variation – 
Subordinated Notes)
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[    ] [and [    ], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form)
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): (Applicable to 
Notes in definitive form) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ] ][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below/not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/CMS 
Rate 
Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[    ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
Reference Rate: 
[    ] month [EURIBOR] 
‒ 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
‒ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)
(viii) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
CMS Screen Page: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Multiplier:
[    ] per cent.
‒ 
Reference Currency: 
[Euro]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
‒ 
Designated Maturity:
[[    ]/Not Applicable]
‒ 
Calculation Agent: 
[Agent/named Manager/other] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s):
[+/–] [    ] per cent. per annum
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) [Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiv) 
Condition 
4(e) 
(Benchmark 
replacement): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6(b)  
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for 
tax reasons):
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
17. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ]
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note:  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]  
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods (for Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
– 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)): 
Minimum period: [           ] days 
Maximum period: [           ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)  
18. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i) 
Notice period: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Clean-up Call):  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]  
(iii) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[    ] / [As per the Conditions] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount] 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, a Capital 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or on 
event of default:  
[    ] per Calculation Amount/] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20052] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]”.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 14(iv)  relates)  
23. 
Talons for future Coupons  to be attached to 
Definitive: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made /No.] 
 
(Consider including a term providing for tax 
certification if requested to enable interest to be paid 
gross by issuers.)  
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
                                                    
2 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]: 
By:  ............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 56 ---
56 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Bourse de Luxembourg and 
listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [specify (i) relevant regulated market 
and, (ii) if relevant, to admission to an official list if 
not Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[    ].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the regulated market of the Bourse de 
Luxembourg and listing on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [specify (i) relevant 
regulated market and, (ii) if relevant, to admission to 
an official list if not Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [    ].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.)  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[    ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]:
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).]  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the [United 
Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider]
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

--- Page 57 ---
57 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus]/[Green 
Projects]/[Give details.] 
(ii) 
Estimated Net Proceeds:
[      ]  
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[    ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.   
 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/
[No.  
 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be

--- Page 59 ---
59 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 60 ---
60 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA“), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets 
products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and 
"Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
[SpareBank 1 SMN/SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge/SpareBank 1 Østlandet/SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge] 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): 
[7V6Z97IO7R1SEAO84Q32]/[549300SXM92LQ05OJQ76]/[549300VRM6G42M8OWN49]/ 
[5967007LIEEXZX4VQO21] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 22 June 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the “Prospectus”).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus.  Copies of the Prospectus may 
be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
1. 
Issuer:
[    ]
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[    ]
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[    ] 
(a) 
Series:
[    ]
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount:
[    ]
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a)
Issue Date:
[    ]
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for 
 
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [   ] per cent. Floating 
Rate]
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest]
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(further particulars specified below)
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption]
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
[specify other]
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call]
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable]
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred 
/Subordinated]  
 
If Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes:
 
(i) 
Condition 6(l) (Redemption 
of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes 
upon 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Condition 6(n) (Substitution 
or 
Variation 
– 
Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If Subordinated Notes: 
 
(i) 
Condition 
6(m) 
(Substitution or Variation – 
Subordinated Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form)
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other]
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon]
(g) 
[Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes:
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following  
 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]/[Not Applicable]
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
[Screen Rate Determination/ /specify other]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
determined:
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[    ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [[    ] month [EURIBOR]]/specify 
other Reference Rate].
 
(Either EURIBOR or CMS Reference Rate or other, 
although additional information is required if other, 
including fallback provisions 
in 
the 
Agency 
Agreement) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page:
[    ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)
(g) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
‒ 
CMS Screen Page: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) applies/[    ]] 
‒ 
Multiplier:
[    ] per cent.
‒ 
Reference Currency: 
[Euro] 
‒ 
Designated Maturity:
[[    ]/Not Applicable]
‒ 
Calculation Agent: 
[Agent/named Manager/other] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s):
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed)
 
Actual/365 (Sterling)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Actual/360
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
Other] 
(m) 
[Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[    ] 
(o) 
Condition 
4(e) 
(Benchmark 
replacement): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price:
[    ]
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula:
[give or annex details]
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
or impracticable:
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[    ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable][specify other]
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[    ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, 
if 
any, 
responsible 
for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent):
[    ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable:
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for 
tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ]
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent [or Trustee]) 
21. 
Clean-up Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Clean-up Call):  
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]  
(iii) 
Clean-up Call Threshold:
[    ] / [As per the Conditions]
 
 
 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, a Capital 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[    ] per Calculation Amount(N.B. If the Final 
Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value, consideration should be given as 
to what the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]  
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]”.)
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate)
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]
27. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
28. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s):
[give details]
29. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has

--- Page 70 ---
70 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By: 
 .............................................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 71 ---
71 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market - note this must not be a 
regulated market] with effect from [     ].] [Not 
Applicable]
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”).]  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the [United 
Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).]]
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Prospectus)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
Use of Proceeds: 
[     ][Green Projects]] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National Numbering 
Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National Numbering 
Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[     ] 
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]  
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA

--- Page 73 ---
73 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute packaged 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 74 ---
74 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of 
issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final 
Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
(as amended and restated) (as defined below). References to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below).  
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an Agency Agreement (as amended and restated) (such Agency Agreement, as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 22 June 2023, and made 
between, inter alia, SpareBank 1 SMN, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, SpareBank 1 Østlandet and SpareBank 1 
Sørøst-Norge as Issuers, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent 
bank (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European 
Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as the case may be) (an 
“Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing 
Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the Conditions to 
“applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where 
relevant.  The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form which are 
repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other 
than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue.  
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the 
Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to “Receiptholders” shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
“Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same 
terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (such Deed of Covenant, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Deed of Covenant”) dated 22 June 2023 and made by SpareBank 1 SMN, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet and SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or 
collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be 
provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or the Issuer and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, 
as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more such Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, 
the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.  
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a 
Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
This Note may also be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated 
Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer 
and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES AND SENIOR NON-PREFERRED 
NOTES 
(a) 
Status 
This Condition 2(a) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
references to “Notes” and “Coupons” in Condition 2(a)(i) shall be construed as references to Senior 
Preferred Notes and the related Coupons and references to “Notes”, “Coupons” and 
“Couponholders” in Condition 2(a)(ii) shall be construed as references to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the related Coupons. 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Preferred Notes”, the Notes and 
the relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured

--- Page 77 ---
77 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts 
required to be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time 
outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under 
guarantees of obligations of third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred 
by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes are “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, the 
Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and subject as otherwise provided by 
applicable law from time to time, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution, administration or 
other winding up of the Issuer, in each case by way of public administration, claims of the 
holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes and 
Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and Coupons and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(B) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any;  
(C) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(D) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law 
transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, by BRRD II and the Creditor Hierarchy Directive); 
“BRRD II” means Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
 “Non-Preferred Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, 
inter alia, Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 3(a))); 
“Non-Preferred Parity Securities” means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
“Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any); and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
“Statutory Non-Preferred Claims” means obligations of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking 
contemplated by § 20-32 first paragraph no. 4  of the Financial Undertakings Act (implementing Article 
108(2) of the BRRD in Norway), being unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments that meet the 
following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under such paragraph. 
(b) 
Set-off 
No holder of Notes who becomes indebted to the Issuer shall, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, be entitled to exercise any right of 
set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such 
holder of Notes. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of Notes 
by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is discharged by set-off, such 
holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to 
the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy, the liquidator or other 
relevant insolvency official (as the case may be and to the extent applicable)) and, until such time as 
payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount discharged on behalf of and for the benefit the 
Issuer (or the liquidator or such relevant insolvency official (as the case may be)) and accordingly not deem 
any such discharge to have taken place. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Status 
This Condition applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes”, “Coupons”, 
“Noteholders” and “Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. The Notes and the 
Coupons constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, subordinated as described below. In the event of a 
liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, 
claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes and 
Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and Coupons and any damages awarded for breach 
of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means additional Tier 1 capital as defined in the CRR, as amended or 
replaced; 
“FSAN” means The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet);

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 “Relevant Regulator” means the FSAN and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(as defined in Condition 18) (if applicable), in any case as determined by the Issuer; 
“Specified Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer and (c) subordinated creditors (excluding creditors in respect of Subordinated Parity 
Securities and Subordinated Junior Securities) of the Issuer in respect of any present or future 
obligation, whether dated or undated, of the Issuer which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, 
subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution, administration or other winding up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration, to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer;  
 “Subordinated Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any obligations 
of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes (which shall include, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any obligations of the Issuer which are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital by the 
Relevant Regulator);  
“Subordinated Parity Securities” means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant Regulator, any 
guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect 
of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a subsidiary of the Issuer which are 
eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, 
indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
“Tier 2 Capital” means Tier 2 capital defined in the CRR, as amended or replaced. 
(c) 
Set-off 
This Condition 3(c) applies to Subordinated Notes. 
No holder of Notes who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, 
netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such holder of 
Notes. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of Notes by the 
Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is discharged by set-off, such holder 
shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the 
Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy, the liquidator or other 
relevant insolvency official (as the case may be and to the extent applicable)) and, until such time as 
payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount discharged on behalf of and for the benefit the 
Issuer (or the liquidator or such relevant insolvency official (as the case may be)) and accordingly not deem 
any such discharge to have taken place. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
As used in these Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date 
prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, “Interest Period” 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) 
if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is:  
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or  
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
( “T2”) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or 
Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either:  
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1), no offered quotation appears or, 
in the case of (2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or an 
agent appointed by it with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent.   
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
or an agent appointed by it with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of

--- Page 83 ---
83 
the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer or an agent appointed by it by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer or an agent appointed by it, it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as selected by the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by it. 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR). 
(B) 
CMS Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where CMS Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) by reference to 
the following formula: 
(CMS Rate x Multiplier) plus Margin 
If the CMS Screen Page is not available, the Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall request each of 
the CMS Reference Banks to provide its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer or an agent appointed by it with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by it with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS 
Rate shall be determined by the Issuer or an agent appointed by it in good faith on such commercial basis as 
considered appropriate in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the CMS Screen 
Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the Eurozone inter-bank market.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
“CMS Screen Page” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, Reuters Screen ICESWAP2 
(formerly ISDAFIX2) under the heading "EURIBOR BASIS – EUR" and above the caption "11:00 AM 
FRANKFURT" or its successor display page, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity” shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, the second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Margin” shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Multiplier” shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Currency” means Euro, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions")) 
with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice 
and/or the ISDA Definition.. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
“Specified Time” means, where the Reference Currency is Euro, 11.00 a.m., Frankfurt time. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 85 ---
85 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;  
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), whether by the 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
(c) 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination or CMS Rate Determination applies to the calculation 
of interest, if the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
other than EURIBOR or CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 
4(b) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein 
to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation 
Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
(e) 
Benchmark replacement 
This Condition 4(e) is applicable only in relation to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms specify that this Condition 4(e) is applicable and references to “Notes” in this Condition 4(e) shall be 
construed accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, for the determination (with the Issuer's 
agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the “Alternative Benchmark Rate”) 
and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the “Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page”) and an Adjustment Spread no later than three Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”) for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 4(e)); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner agree has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner agree is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, and the Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate;  
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the Original

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the 
Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service 
as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph 
(iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) will 
continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(e); 
(iv) 
(subject as provided in Condition 4(e)(vii) below) if a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with 
the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in 
relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 4(e)); 
(v) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine (A) an Adjustment Spread to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, and such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4(e)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread give notice 
thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders and until the Agent has been so notified the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) will 
continue to apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(e), if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes, MREL 
Eligible Liabilities; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, 
or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Regulator treating a future Reset Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), if in the Calculation Agent and the 
Fiscal Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 4(e), the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent and the Fiscal Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
Such Benchmark Amendments shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities unless such party 
consent. 
In these Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:  
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines should be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(B) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the 
case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary usage in international debt capital market 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be);  
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
 “Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations 
then applicable to the Issuer, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the 
BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement

--- Page 91 ---
91 
or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published for a period of at least five 
(5) Business Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated and published; or 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased, or will (on or before a specified date) cease 
publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(C) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has 
been or will (on or before a specified date) be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); or 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means that such Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will (on or before a 
specified date) be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (i); or 
(E) 
it has or prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Agent 
or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(F) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or will no longer be representative on or 
before a specified date, and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
in (i).  
“CRD” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and 
any CRD Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of 
Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by the CRD V Directive); 
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other 
rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent 
required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any 
regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any 
successor or replacement thereof);

--- Page 92 ---
92 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2013/36/EU, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRR” means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26th June, 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27th June, 2013, as incorporated in Norway through Section 2 of the 
Norwegian regulation of 22 August 2014 no. 1097 on CRR/CRD IV (Nw. Forskrift 22. august 2014 nr. 1097 
om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRR II); 
“CRR II” means Regulation 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
575/2013, and Regulation 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes (or, if applicable, any 
other successor or alternative rate (or component part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes 
pursuant to the earlier operation of this Condition 4(e)); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related Alternative Relevant Screen Page or source, 
if available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne or Wellington, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive 
Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).  
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and save as 
provided in Condition 5(e) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 
8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof.  
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided 
that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive 
Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note where applicable against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States.  On the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Global Note which is not issued in 
new global note (“NGN”) form, a record of such payment made on such Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the 
Agent, and (ii) in the case of any Global Note which is an NGN, the Agent shall instruct Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
(d) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the final instalment will be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to 
which it appertains.  Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and  
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Payment Day

--- Page 95 ---
95 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in:  
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
in any Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(C) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which T2 
is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne or 
Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:  
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator, as provided in 
Condition 6(j), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if

--- Page 96 ---
96 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than  the minimum period nor more than  the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Norway or any authority therein 
having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes;  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
and 
(iii) 
in case of Subordinated Notes, the effect of such obligation is material to the Issuer, 
((i), (ii) and (as applicable) (iii) together, a “Tax Event”) 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (d) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 6(j), if Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:  
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case 
of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will (i) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be 
selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount,

--- Page 97 ---
97 
at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option 
Subject to obtaining any required prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in 
Condition 6(j), if Clean-up Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if, 
at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at a price greater 
than the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 6(c)), the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series is 20 per cent. (or such other amount as 
may be specified as the Clean-up Call Threshold in the relevant Final Terms) or less of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 15 and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have been 
originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any 
date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date 
for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9: 
(i) 
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365,

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(f) 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes 
of Condition 6(b), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on 
an Interest Payment Date.   
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(g) 
Purchases 
Subject as provided in Condition 6(j) the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
(h) 
Cancellation 
Subject as provided in Condition 6(j), all Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the 
time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 
(g) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 
is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall 
be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (d)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date 
fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
(j) 
Consent 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 6(g), substitution or variation 
under Condition 6(m) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or substitution or variation under Condition 6(n) 
(in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall take place without the prior 
written consent of the Relevant Regulator (in each case as then required by the Relevant Regulator and, in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations).  
In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b) or 6(k) only, and 
except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may only redeem the 
Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was not

--- Page 99 ---
99 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, 
redemption of Notes under Condition 6(a) or repayment pursuant to Condition 9, shall not require the 
consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
(k) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon Capital Event 
This Condition 6(k) applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.  
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 
6(j), if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum period and maximum period of notice as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), on any Interest Payment 
Date redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
6(d), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance and/or the Relevant Regulator from time to time 
and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its subsidiaries). 
A “Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change 
in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last 
Tranche of the Notes, the Subordinated Notes are either partially or fully excluded from the Tier 2 Capital, 
such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer in a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer. 
(l) 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6(l) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator as provided in Condition 
6(j), if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum period and maximum period of notice as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) redeem all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(d) 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of 
such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change 
in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
excluded or partially excluded from the eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the 
Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (i) the remaining 
maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities (or any 
equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6(m) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 6(m) is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes”, “Noteholders” and 
“Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum period and maximum period of notice 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the 
governing law of Condition 18, from English law to Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are 
inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
“Qualifying Subordinated Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 18 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two 
authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant 
securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), 
and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (ii) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (iii) have the same redemption rights as the 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (iv) comply with the then 
current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (v) preserve any 
existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, 
(vi) shall not at such time, following the substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 
6(m), be subject to a Capital Event or a Tax Event, and (vii) where Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to a change in the governing law of 
Condition 18 to Norwegian law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18; and

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(n) 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6(n) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred where this 
Condition 6(n) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes”, 
“Noteholders” and “Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum period and maximum 
period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 18, from English law to Norwegian law) so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined below), provided that such 
substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied 
securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
“Qualifying MREL Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 18 to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two 
authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five 
Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant 
securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), 
and, subject thereto, they shall (A) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (B) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (C) have the same redemption rights as the 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (D) comply with the then 
current requirements in relation to eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) 
provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as 
the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (F) shall not at such time, 
following the substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 6(n), be subject to a an 
MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event, and (G) where Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such rating agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to 
ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to a change in the governing law of Condition 18 
to Norwegian law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18; 
and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of

--- Page 102 ---
102 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In such event, in the case of payments of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the amount of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon:  
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of the holder some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than 
the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(f)). 
As used in these Conditions the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) thereof.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation by way of public administration (except in connection with a 
merger or reorganisation in such a way that all or substantially all of the assets and liabilities 
of the Issuer (including its obligations in respect of the Notes) pass to another legal person in 
universal succession by operation of law); or  
(ii) 
insolvency proceedings are instituted against the Issuer which shall not have been dismissed 
or stayed within 60 days after institution, or if insolvency proceedings are instituted by the 
Issuer in respect of itself, and (in each case) such insolvency proceedings are continuing, 
then any holder of any Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(d)), together with accrued interest (if any) to  but excluding the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
Limitation of remedy

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Without prejudice to Noteholders' rights under Condition 9(a), no holder of a Note shall be entitled 
to take any steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer to enforce any payment obligation of the Issuer 
under or arising from the Notes (including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes, or any damages awarded for breach of any obligations in respect thereof), and in no event shall 
the Issuer, by virtue of the taking of any such steps, action or proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it pursuant to these 
Conditions in respect of the Notes, nor will any Noteholder accept the same, otherwise than during or after a 
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will 
be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that:  
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or any 
other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all 
of its assets to become the successor paying agent.  
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of 
the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes 
are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). It is expected that such publication will 
be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so 
long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and 
the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange 
(or any other relevant authority). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including 
modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the 
currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain 
respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being

--- Page 105 ---
105 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders 
and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to:  
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or  
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same 
as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2 and 3), the 
Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Conditions 2 and 3), the Receipts and the 
Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2 and 3 are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 17(b)(iii) below,  the English courts have jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons a “Dispute”) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b)(ii), the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(iii) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints London Central Services Ltd at its registered office at 4 Old Park 
Lane, London W1K 1QW, England as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English 
courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of London Central Services Ltd being unable 
or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.  
(d) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION 17(b), THE ISSUER WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY 
HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
NOTES, THE RECEIPTS AND THE COUPONS.  THESE CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED AS A 
WRITTEN CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
18. 
AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF THE BAIL-IN POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 18, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the 
exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in 
any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the 
actual exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall notify the Holders without delay in accordance with Condition 13. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 18. The exercise of 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority will not 
constitute an Event of Default for any purposes in respect of the Notes. 
In this Condition 18: 
 
“Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom 
of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of Directive 2014/59/EU as amended 
or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; and 
 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.  
19. 
AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF THE STAY POWERS  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 19, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder: 
(i) 
acknowledges and accepts that the rights and obligations under any Note may be subject to 
the exercise of the Stay Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and 
accepts to be bound by any Stay Powers: 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that a suspension or restriction under Article 33a, Article 69 or 
Article 70 of the BRRD shall not constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation of 
the Issuer in relation to any Notes for the purposes of paragraphs 1 and 3 of Article 68 and 
Article 71(1) of the BRRD and each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts to be bound 
hereof; 
(iii) 
acknowledges and accepts that a crisis prevention measure or a crisis management measure 
taken in relation to the Issuer in accordance with the BRRD shall not, per se, be deemed to 
be an enforcement event or as insolvency proceedings and each Noteholder acknowledges 
and accepts to be bound hereof; 
(iv) 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the provisions of Article 68 of BRRD;  
(v) 
acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the Relevant Resolution Authority’s exercise of 
ancillary powers pursuant to Article 64(1)(f) of BRRD; and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(vi) 
acknowledges and accepts that (i)-(v) above are exhaustive on the matters described herein 
to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder. 
In this Condition 19: 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU as amended or replaced from time to time (or, as the 
case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive); 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Stay Powers in relation to the Issuer; 
“Stay Legislation” means Article 33a, Article 69, Article 70 and Article 71 of the BRRD and 
any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing Article 33a, Article 69, Article 70 and 
Article 71 of the BRRD; and 
“Stay Powers” means any suspension of any payment or delivery obligation, the restriction 
of enforcement of any security interest, the suspension of any termination right or similar or related 
power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, 
rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, relating to the Stay Legislation as 
amended or replaced from time to time and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which certain contracts of a regulated entity can be subject to the suspension of any 
payment or delivery obligation, the restriction of enforcement of any security interest or the 
suspension of any termination right.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes or as may otherwise be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be. In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the 
relevant Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically for 
Green Projects. Such Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds".  
SpareBank 1 SMN has published a Green Bond Framework relating to an investment in Green 
Projects which is available on its website (https://www.sparebank1.no/en/smn/about-us/sustainability/green-
bond-framework.html) and Sustainanalytics has delivered a second party opinion in respect thereof, which is 
also available on SpareBank 1 SMN’s website (https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/smn/om-
oss/Barekraft/SpareBank-1-SMN-2020-Sustainalytics-Green-Bond-Framework-Second-Party-Opinion.pdf). 
Green Projects in relation to SpareBank 1 SMN’s Green Bond Framework are loans and other 
investments within the categories set out in the Green Bond Framework and which are included in its 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined therein). Such categories are outlined in the Green Bond 
Framework and currently include (i) green buildings, (ii) eco-efficient and circular economy adapted 
products, production technologies and processes, (iii) clean transportation, (iv) environmentally sustainable 
management of living natural resources and land use, (v) and renewable energy. 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet has published a Green Bond Framework which is available on its website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/sustainability/green-bond-framework.html) and CICERO 
has delivered a second party opinion in respect thereof which is also available on SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s 
website (https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/ostlandet/omoss/samfunn/Cicero_lastet.pdf).  
Green Projects in relation to SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s Green Bond Framework are loans and other 
investments within the categories set out in the Green Bond Framework and which are included in its 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined therein). Such categories are outlined in the Green Bond 
Framework and currently include (i) green buildings, (ii) environmentally sustainable management of living 
natural resources and land use, (iii) renewable energy, and (iv) clean transportation. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has published a Green Finance Framework which is available on its 
website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-norge/OmOss/baerekraft/gronne-
obligasjoner/sparebank1-nord-norge-green-finance-framework.pdf) and Institutional Shareholder Services 
ESG has delivered a second party opinion which is also available on SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/nord-norge/OmOss/baerekraft/gronne-
obligasjoner/second-party-opinion-spo.pdf)).  
Green Projects in relation to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s Green Finance Framework are loans and 
other investments within the categories set out in the Green Bond Framework and which are included in its 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined therein). Such categories are outlined in the Green Finance 
Framework and currently include (i) green buildings, (ii) renewable energy, (iii) clean transportation, and 
(iv) environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use. 
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge has published a Green Bond Framework which is available on its website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/nb/sorost/om-oss/barekraft/retningslinjer-og-rammeverk/green-bond-
framework.html) and CICERO has delivered a second party opinion in respect thereof which is also 
available 
on 
Sparebank 
1 
Sørøst-Norge’s 
website 
(https://www.sparebank1.no/nb/sorost/om-
oss/barekraft/retningslinjer-og-rammeverk/green-bond-framework.html). 
Green Projects in relation to SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge’s Green Bond Framework are loans and 
other investments within the categories set out in the Green Bond Framework and which are included in its 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined therein). Such categories are outlined in the Green Bond

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Framework and currently include (i) green buildings, (ii) district heating and cooling, (iii) renewable energy 
and (iv) sustainable manufacturing and technology. 
(Each Issuer’s framework, a "Green Bond Framework"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to 
which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
THE SPAREBANK 1 ALLIANCE 
THE SPAREBANK 1 ALLIANCE  
The SpareBank 1 banks listed below operate an alliance (the “SpareBank 1 Alliance”) and develop product 
companies through the jointly owned holding company SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS.  
The paramount objective of the SpareBank 1 Alliance is to assure the independence and regional identity of 
the individual banks that make up the SpareBank 1 Alliance through strong competitiveness, profitability 
and financial soundness. The parties to the SpareBank 1 Alliance agreement are SpareBank 1 SMN, 
SpareBank 1 Nord Norge, SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, SpareBank 1 Østlandet and Samarbeidende 
Sparebanker AS and SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge (which is the largest bank).  The current set of contract 
terms pertaining to the SpareBank 1 Alliance and the SpareBank 1 banks’ rights and obligations have been 
approved by the FSAN. 
The SpareBank 1 Alliance Structure 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS is owned by SpareBank 1 SMN (19.5 per cent.), SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge (19.5 
per cent.), SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA (19.5 per cent.), SpareBank 1 Østlandet (12.4 per cent.), 
Samarbeidende Sparebanker AS (19.5 per cent.), and the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (LO) 
and affiliated trade unions (9.6 per cent.).  
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS owns 100 per cent. of SpareBank 1 Forsikring, SpareBank 1 Factoring and 
SpareBank 1 Spleis.  Fremtind Forsikring is a joint venture with DNB where SpareBank 1 Gruppen owns 65 
per cent. of the shares. LOfavør is a joint venture with LO where SpareBank 1 Gruppen owns 51 per cent. 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS provides the administrative superstructure for the SpareBank 1 Alliance through 
SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA (owned by SpareBank 1 SMN (18 per cent.), SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge (18 per 
cent.), SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA (18 per cent.), SpareBank 1 Østlandet (18 per cent.), Samarbeidende 
Sparebanker Utvikling AS (18 per cent.) and SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS (10 per cent.)).  
The SpareBank 1 Alliance comprises 237 offices and branches across Norway. In total, the SpareBank 1 
Alliance has 8,298 full time employees as at 31 December 2022. Of these, 1,296 are employed by SpareBank 
1 Gruppen and its subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2022, the total assets of the SpareBank 1 Alliance amount 
to approximately NOK 1,550 billion, making the SpareBank 1 Alliance the second largest financial group in 
Norway by total assets?. 
The SpareBank 1 Alliance was established to develop and deliver joint IT / mobile solutions, branding and 
marketing concepts, business models, products and services, expertise, analysis, processes, best-practice 
solutions and procurement. The SpareBank 1 Alliance has also developed two competence centres, one for 
payment transmission services (Trondheim) and the other for credit management (Stavanger). 
 
The figure below illustrates the owners and alliance partners:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
SpareBank 1
SR-Bank 
SpareBank 1
SMN 
SpareBank 1
SNN 
SpareBank 1
Østlandet 
SpareBank 1
SamSpar 
LO 
SpareBank 1 Betaling AS 
Vipps 
SpareBank 1 Kreditt AS 
Credit Card 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS 
Covered Bond company 
SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt AS 
Covered Bond company 
SpareBank 1 Markets 
Investment bank 
SpareBank 1 Forvaltning AS 
Asset Management 
BN Bank ASA 
The Alliance 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS 
SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA 
SpareBank 1 Forsikring AS
Life insurance
Eiendomsmegler 1 Norge AS 
SpareBank 1 Kundesenter AS 
SpareBank 1 Verdipapirservice AS 
Fremtind Forsikring AS* 
Non-life insurance 
 
Fremtind Livsforsikring (100% subs) 
 
life insurance 
 
Fremtind Service (100% subs) 
 
AutoPASS issuer 
SpareBank 1 Factoring 
Modhi Finance AS
Debt portfolio management and collection
SpareBank 1 Spleis AS
Crowd funding

--- Page 113 ---
113 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF SPAREBANK 1 SMN 
OVERVIEW  
SpareBank 1 SMN (formerly Sparebanken Midt-Norge) was founded in Norway on 26 May 1823 and is a 
savings bank duly incorporated and operating under the laws of Norway pursuant to the Financial 
Undertakings Act and registered in the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises with organisation 
number 937 901 003. The address of its registered office is Søndre gate 4, 7011 Trondheim, Norway (tel +47 
915 07300). SpareBank 1 SMN is a credit institution licensed by the Ministry of Finance and supervised by 
the FSAN. 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s core market is Mid-Norway, and the bank operates in three counties; Trøndelag, Møre 
og Romsdal and Sogn og Fjordane. The head office is in Trondheim. 
SpareBank 1 SMN has around 1,666 employees and total assets of NOK 223 billion as at 31 December 2022 
(calculated on a consolidated basis). SpareBank 1 SMN is a member of the SpareBank 1 Alliance. 
SpareBank 1 SMN offers a wide range of financial products and services to retail customers, small and 
medium-sized companies and the agricultural and public sectors. SpareBank 1 SMN is a regional 
independent savings bank with a local footing. Closeness and competence characterise SpareBank 1 SMN’s 
relationship to the market.  
Through the SpareBank 1 Alliance and its own subsidiaries, SpareBank 1 SMN has secured access to 
competitive products in the fields of financing, savings and investment, insurance and payment services. 
SpareBank 1 SMN and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “SMN Group”) maintains a variety of branches in 
the municipal and administrative centres in its core market. SpareBank 1 SMN currently has 68 branches. 
SpareBank 1 SMN is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any shareholder.  
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
SpareBank 1 SMN provides financial products and advice to private individuals, businesses and the public 
sector in its core markets.   
In addition, SpareBank 1 SMN provides estate agency, asset management, and accounting services in the 
same geographical areas and to the same customer groups. 
The SpareBank 1 Alliance is SpareBank 1 SMN’s strategic foundation and the basis for SpareBank 1 SMN’s 
regional business strategies and independence. SpareBank 1 SMN will play an active role in the development 
of the SpareBank 1 Alliance as an expanding financial services grouping. A key aspect of SpareBank 1 
SMN’s strategy is to maintain a presence via branches in the municipal and administrative centres in its core 
market.  
Within the retail market segment, SpareBank 1 SMN aims to professionalise its operations and constitute an 
effective sales organisation. Within the corporate market segment, SpareBank 1 SMN aims to maintain its 
position as a regional market leader. Growth should take place on the basis of risk exposure at all times being 
in accordance with SMN Group’s credit strategy, ensuring a moderate level of losses over time.  
SpareBank 1 SMN aims to have a clear, leading position in the savings and pensions market segments in 
Mid-Norway. SpareBank 1 SMN is committed to systematically developing its employees’ expertise in 
accordance with regulatory requirements and customer demands, and aims to be the employer of choice, 
attracting and maintaining skilled employees who are proud of working for SpareBank 1 SMN.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
SpareBank 1 SMN aims to secure top-line growth by maintaining and strengthening its position in Mid-
Norway. Further, SpareBank 1 SMN will develop its multi-channel strategy and adapt customer contact to 
meet customer requirements as well as cost-efficient operations. SpareBank 1 SMN recognises the need to 
continue to develop its organisation through good management, maintenance of a high level of expertise and 
focus on continuous improvement and organisational flexibility in achieving its goals.  
The SMN Group will continue to maintain a strong focus on risk management, and aims to be a profitable, 
cost-efficient and low-risk bank, with a market share of at least 40 per cent. within its focus areas in Mid-
Norway. 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s administration structure is as follows: 
 
 
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following is a discussion of the SMN Group’s financial condition and results of operations as at 31 
December 2022.  
Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 2021. 
 
Pre-tax profit:   
 
 
NOK 3,324 million (NOK 3,266 million)  
 
Post-tax profit:   
 
 
NOK 2,785 million (NOK 2,902 million) 
 
Total operating expenses:  
 
NOK 2,443 million (NOK 2,360 million) 
 
CET1 capital ratio3:  
 
 
18.9 per cent. (18.0 per cent.) 
 
Growth in lending:  
 
 
8.1 per cent. (6.9 per cent.) and in deposits 9.6 per 
cent. (14.1 per cent.) 
 
Impairments on loans and guarantees:  NOK -7 million (NOK 161 million)  
Overall operating income in 2022 came to NOK 5,760 million (NOK 5,786 million), a decrease of NOK 26 
million from the previous year. 
                                                    
3  
The CET1 capital ratio target is 15.0 per cent. 
Group CEO        
Jan-Frode Janson 
Retail Banking 
Nelly Maske 
Corporate Banking
Vegard Helland 
Eiendomsmegler 1 
Midt-Norge  
Kjetil Reinsberg 
SpareBank 1 
Regnskapshuset 
SMN 
Arne Nypan
Group Finance and 
Governance  
Trond Søraas 
Risk Management  
Ola Neråsen 
Communication     
Rolf Jarle Brøske 
Technology and 
Development      
Astrid Undheim

--- Page 115 ---
115 
The profit share from SpareBank 1 Gruppen and other related companies was NOK 442 million (NOK 705 
million).  
Dividends and return on financial investments came to NOK 380 million (NOK 840 million).  
The increase in total operating expenses of NOK 83 million since 2021 is almost entirely ascribable to 
increased activity in the subsidiaries of SpareBank 1 SMN and increased IT costs. 
Losses on loans and guarantees totaled NOK -7 million (NOK 161 million), accounting for 0.00 per cent 
(0.09 per cent.) of overall lending.  Good growth was posted in lending and deposits in 2022. Lending rose 
by 8.1 per cent. (6.9 per cent.) and deposits by 9.6 per cent. (14.1 per cent.).  
As from the fourth quarter of 2022, SpareBank 1 SMN’s subsidiary, SpareBank 1 Markets AS, is classified 
for accounting purposes as held for sale. SpareBank 1 Markets’ income and expenses have been reclassified 
as ‘Result investment held for sale’ in the income statement accordingly. The SMN Group’s profit remains 
unchanged and historical figures are restated. On 22 June 2022, SpareBank 1 SMN reported SpareBank 1 
Markets AS’ move to strengthen its focus on the capital market. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank and SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge are to transfer their capital markets business to SpareBank 1 Markets AS in addition to buying 
into the company in the form of a cash payment. After completion of the transaction, SpareBank 1 SMN will 
own 39.4 per cent of SpareBank 1 Markets AS and SpareBank 1 Markets AS will be treated as an affiliate. 
Fulfillment of the transaction necessitates obtaining approval from both the Competition Authority and the 
FSAN. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Competition Authority has granted its approval for the 
transaction, whilst the approval from the FSAN is currently pending. The transaction is scheduled to go 
ahead in the third quarter of 2023. 
On 2 May 2023, SpareBank 1 SMN merged with SpareBank 1 Søre Sunnmøre. Under the arrangement, 
SpareBank 1 SMN is the legal acquiring entity. The aim is to implement the merger through the transfer of 
SpareBank 1 Søre Sunnmøre to SpareBank 1 SMN, which will issue equity certificates to the equity 
certificate holders in SpareBank 1 Søre Sunnmøre as payment and on closing make a cash payment to a 
savings bank foundation established by SpareBank 1 Søre Sunnmøre.  
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
SpareBank 1 SMN aims to maintain a moderate risk profile and to employ high quality risk monitoring to 
substantially reduce the chances of a single event seriously impairing SpareBank 1 SMN’s financial position. 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s risk profile is quantified through targets for rating, risk-adjusted return, expected loss, 
necessary economic capital and regulatory capital adequacy.  
The principles underlying SpareBank 1 SMN’s risk management are set out in SpareBank 1 SMN’s risk 
management policy. SpareBank 1 SMN places much emphasis to identifying, measuring, managing and 
following up central risks to ensure that the SMN Group progresses in line with its adopted risk profile and 
strategies. 
Risk management within the SMN Group is intended to support the SMN Group’s strategic development and 
target attainment. The risk management regime is designed to ensure financial stability and prudent asset 
management. This will be achieved through: 
 
a strong organisational culture featuring a high level of risk-management awareness 
 
a sound understanding of the risks that drive earnings and risk costs, thereby creating an 
improved basis for decision-making 
 
striving for an optimal use of capital within the adopted business strategy 
 
Contingency plans are in place and will reduce the risk for unexpected negative events 
which could be detrimental to the SMN Group’s operations and reputation in the market

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Return on risk-adjusted capital is a key strategic target at SpareBank 1 SMN. It entails allocating capital to 
business areas based on the estimated risk attending the business concerned, and continuous monitoring of 
return on capital. Calculation of risk-adjusted capital makes it possible to compare risk across risk groups 
and business areas. Risk is also gauged and monitored by measuring positions relative to quantitative risk 
limits and key portfolio risk limits. 
SpareBank 1 SMN applies a focused capital management process designed to assure: 
 
effective capital procurement and capital application in relation to the SMN Group’s 
strategic objectives and adopted business strategy 
 
satisfactory capital adequacy in relation to the chosen risk profile 
 
competitive returns 
 
competitive terms and good long-term access to capital market funding 
 
the SMN Group’s ability to maintain at minimum its present international ratings 
 
utilisation of growth potentials in the SMN Group’s defined market area 
 
that no individual events can seriously impair the SMN Group’s financial position 
The SMN Group’s overall risk exposure and risk trend are monitored through periodic risk reports to the 
Administration and the Board of Directors. Overall risk monitoring and reporting are carried out by the Risk 
Management Division which is independent of the SMN Group’s business areas. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES 
The following section provides a description of SpareBank 1 SMN’s principal subsidiaries. All of SpareBank 
1 SMN’s subsidiaries are incorporated in Norway. Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 
2021. 
The subsidiaries posted an aggregate pre-tax profit of NOK 406 million in 2022 (NOK 497 million). The 
results are from the companies’ financial statements. 
 
Pre-tax profit (NOK million)
2022
2021
Change
EiendomsMegler 1 Midt-Norge 
58 
70 
-12 
SpareBank 1 Finans Midt-Norge  
192
151
41
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset SMN 
96 
82 
14 
SpareBank 1 SMN Invest 
52
190
-139
Other companies 
8
4
4
Total 
406 
497 
-91 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Midt-Norge is a real estate brokerage in Trøndelag and in Møre og Romsdal. The 
company recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 58 million in 2022 (NOK 70 million).  
SpareBank 1 Finans Midt-Norge has commercial responsibility for the leasing and secured loan financing 
product areas, and also offers consumer financing. The company recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 191 
million in 2022 (NOK 151 million). SpareBank 1 SMN owns 56.5 per cent. of the shares of SpareBank 1 
Finans Midt-Norge, and the rest is owned by Samarbeidende Sparebanker AS and Sparebanken Sogn og 
Fjordane.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset SMN operates within financial management and accounting. The company 
posted a pre-tax profit of NOK 96  million in 2022 (NOK 82 million).  
SpareBank 1 SMN Invest invests in shares, mainly in regional businesses. The company posted a pre-tax 
profit of NOK 52 million in 2022 (NOK 190 million). 
MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
In accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act, SpareBank 1 SMN has a two-tier board structure 
consisting of a Supervisory Board and Board of Directors. The figure below shows an overview of 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s management and control bodies:  
 
In practice, a savings bank is a ‘self-owned’ institution. However, savings banks that have issued equity 
capital certificates (EC) will be partly owned by the EC holders.  A savings bank´s governance structure and 
the composition of its governing bodies will to some extent differ from those of limited liability companies; 
see Chapter 8 of the Financial Undertakings Act which sets out the bodies which a savings bank must have – 
a “general meeting” - in SpareBank 1 SMN´s articles of association named “committee of representatives” - 
and a board of directors. SpareBank 1 SMN’s paramount body is the committee of representatives 
comprising EC holders, depositors, employees and representatives of the public authorities. 
According to the Financial Undertakings Act, at least three quarters of the members shall be persons who are 
not employed by the institution. Emphasis shall be given to ensuring that the elected members in aggregate 
reflect the financial institution's customer structure and other stakeholder groups as well as its societal role, 
unless such interests are attended to by another overarching corporate body. 
The committee of representatives ensures that SpareBank 1 SMN operates in line with its mission and in 
conformity with law, its articles of association and decisions of the committee of representatives. 
At savings banks that have issued transferable ECs, at least one-fifth and not more than two-fifths of the 
members of the committee of representatives must be elected by the EC holders. The committee of 
representatives approves the SMN Group’s accounts, authorises the Board of Directors to raise subordinated 
capital and to undertake any increase of capital, and appoints the members of SpareBank 1 SMN’s Board of 
Risk Management 
Supervisory Board 
Election 
Committee
Board of Directors 
CEO 
Audit Committee 
Compensation 
External Auditor 
Internal Auditor

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Directors and election committee. The committee of representatives also fixes the remuneration for the 
above bodies. The members of the Board of Directors, the Group CEO and the auditor are summoned to 
meetings of SpareBank 1 SMN’s committee of representatives. They may participate in the proceedings but 
are not entitled to vote. The chairman of the committee of representatives presides over the meeting, or in the 
latter’s absence, the deputy chairman. 
The supervisory board currently has 32 members and 30 alternates with the following representation: 
 
EC holders: 12 members and 10 alternates 
 
the county councils of Trøndelag and Møre and Romsdal: 3 members with 3 alternates 
 
depositors: 9 members with 9 alternates 
 
employees: 8 members with 8 alternates 
Supervisory Board  
In the following, the denominations “C”, “DC” and “BM” indicates a position as chair of the Board of 
Directors, deputy chair of the Board of Directors and ordinary board member, respectively, and “CEO” and 
“CFO” indicate a position as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, in the 
relevant companies. 
 
Members elected by the 
ECC holders 
Number of Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
SMN 
Anders Skrove  
5,070 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Anne Valstad-Aalmo 
2,345 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Bjørn Larsen 
5,049 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Eivind Langseth 
3,273 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Erik Gunnes 
1,826 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Per Martin Vikene 
49,122 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Johan Olav Valseth Lian 
2411 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Johanne Storler 
4901 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Berit Tiller 
2408 
CEO, Trøndelag Teater AS 
Catherine Tronstad 
90 
Organisational 
development 
director 
Trønderenergi Group 
Frithjof Anderssen
39097
CEO, Motor-Trade AS
Frode Hassel 
49122 
Investor    
Helge Moen 
1000 
CEO-  Investor and Professional Board Member 
Knut Solberg (Chair) 
1981 
CEO Experience Solberg

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Members elected by the 
ECC holders 
Number of Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
SMN 
Lars Bjarne Tvete 
5000 
Local investor  
Lars Ove Løseth
-
CEO Alti Forvaltning - CEO Aurora Eiendom
Nils Martin Williksen 
32449 
CEO, Nils Williksen AS 
Nina Kleven 
1100 
Area Manager, Elotec AS 
Olav Sem Austmo 
- 
Sparebankstiftelsen SMN (B),CFO Trønderenergi 
Åsmund Skår 
3003 
Investor and Professional Board Member of 
Pareto Bank ASA © 
Lilly Gunn Nyheim 
-
Møre og Romsdal fylkeskommune
Rasmus Skålholt 
- 
Trøndelag fylkeskommune 
Stig Klomsten 
- 
Trøndelag fylkeskommune 
Anne Rita Bakken 
2915 
Research director, SINTEF 
Anne Peggy Møller
-
Head of T-Lab AS
Elin Hagerup 
- 
Ombudsman, Healthcare Sør Trøndelag   
Geir Hagen 
- 
CEO, Skipnes kommunikasjon  AS 
Line Melkild 
- 
Accounting Consultant 
Marit Sellie Eriksen (Vice 
Chair) 
- 
CEO Intro Trainee 
Geir Arne Aarseth 
- 
 
Randi Bakken
-
Designer/ Business developer
Vegard Forbord
-
COO, Smart Labs AS
 
Board of Directors 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors of up to ten members, with up 
to six alternates, to be elected by the Supervisory Board. One of the members of the Board of Directors, and 
one alternate, is to be elected by and among the employees in the SMN Group. The current Board of 
Directors is comprised of nine members, including one alternate Director. Two of the Directors are 
representatives of the employees of the SMN Group. Members are elected for terms of up to two years.  
The Board of Directors, among other functions, shall supervise the day-to-day management of SpareBank 1 
SMN’s activity in general and ensure a sound organisation of the business activities. The Board of Directors 
has a duty to keep itself informed about SpareBank 1 SMN’s financial position and to ensure that its 
activities, accounts and asset management are subject to adequate control.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Board of Directors 
Number of Equity 
Capital Certificates 
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 SMN 
Kjell Bjordal (Chair of the 
Board) 
- 
Professional Board Member 
Axess-Gruppen 
(C), 
Nordlaks-konsernet 
(C), 
Broodstock 
Capital 
Partners 
(C), 
Norsk 
Landbrukskjemi (C) 
Entra Eiendom (DC)
Christian Stav (Vice Chair 
of the Board) 
- 
CEO, NTE 
Mette Kamsvåg 
-  
CEO, M-K Consulting AS and professional Board 
Member 
Maritech Systems AS (C), WebMed AS (C) 
SIVA (DC) Board Member: Wordline Group (B) 
Ingrid Finboe Svendsen 
- 
CEO, Thomas Angells stiftelser 
Kristian Sætre
-
Senior Vice President, Vard Group
Tonje Eskeland Foss
-
CEO, Frøygruppen AS
Freddy Aursø 
0 
CEO, Lighthouse8 AS 
Inge Lindseth 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN 
Christina Straub
-
Employee, SpareBank 1 SMN
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 SMN, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any duties 
to SpareBank 1 SMN of the Board of Directors and the supervisory board and their private interests or other 
duties in respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the Board of Directors and the supervisory board is 
the registered office of SpareBank SMN (Søndre gate 4, 7011 Trondheim, Norway).  
 
SpareBank 1 SMN’s senior management  
 
Name 
Position 
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
SMN 
Jan-Frode Janson 
Group CEO  
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS (B), SpareBank 1 
Utvikling DA (B) and Vipps AS (B), 
EiendomsMegler 1 Midt-Norge AS (C), 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset SMN AS (C), 
SpareBank 1 Finans Midt-Norge AS (C), 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS (C), SpareBank 1 
Invest AS (C)

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Trond Søraas 
Executive director –
Finance and Strategy,
Deputy CEO 
SpareBank 1 SMN Invest AS (C) 
SpareBank 1 Markets (B), SpareBank 1 
Næringskreditt (B), SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt 
(B) 
Vegard Helland 
Executive director – 
Corporate Banking 
SpareBank 
1 
Finans 
Midt-Norge 
(C). 
SpareBank 1 Factoring (C) 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS (B), Modhi Norge 
AS (B), Modhi Collect AS (B), Mavi XV AS 
(B)
Nelly Maske 
Executive director – 
Retail Banking  
Sparebank 1 Gjeldsinformasjon (C) 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Midt Norge (B) 
Rolf Jarle Brøske 
Executive director – 
Communications and 
Brands 
Spleis AS (C), Stiftelsen UNI (DC), Trøndelag 
Høyre (B) 
Member of Trondheim council
Astrid Undheim 
Executive director –  
Technology 
and 
development 
PhD in Communications Technology from 
NTNU (2009)  
Master 
of 
Science 
in 
Communications 
Technology from NTNU (2004) 
Member of Rådet for SSB and experience from 
a number og public commitees. 
Ola Neråsen  
Executive director – 
Risk Management 
 
Kjetil Reinsberg 
CEO 
EiendomsMegler 
1 
Midt-Norge 
EiendomsMegler 1 Norge AS (C), Brauten 
Eiendom AS (C) 
Eiendom Norge (B), Agri Eiendom AS (B) 
Arne Nypan 
CEO SpareBank 1 
Regnskapshuset 
SMN
 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 SMN, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any duties 
to SpareBank 1 SMN of the senior management and their private interests or other duties in respect of their 
management roles.  
The business address for each of the persons listed under the senior management is the registered office of 
SpareBank SMN (Søndre gate 4, 7011 Trondheim, Norway).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE  
OVERVIEW  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is the result of the merger of around 40 savings banks in the counties of Nordland 
and Troms and Finnmark (the “region”). SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has the region’s most comprehensive 
network comprising 15 bank branches.  Its headquarters are located in Tromsø. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s history started with the establishment of Tromsø Sparebank in 1836. Many of the 
region’s small savings banks merged in the 1960s and 1970s. The wave of mergers culminated in the 
establishment of Sparebanken Nord-Norge on 1 July 1989. In the early 1990s, Nordkapp Sparebank and 
Sparebanken Nordland also became part of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge. 
In 1996 SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge became part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance - a group of four regional banks. 
These banks collectively own SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS, which is a supplier of various financial products 
and services.  
The SpareBank 1 Alliance and SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS have played a very important role in SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge growing into a solid, strong bank ‘For Northern Norway’, which is SpareBank 1 Nord Norge’s 
vision.  
In March 2020, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge announced a new collaboration with SpareBank 1 Helgeland. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is now a long-term owner of SpareBank 1 Helgeland with a stake of 19.99 per 
cent. of that bank’s equity certificates.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is a savings bank duly incorporated and operating under the laws of Norway 
pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act and registered with the Norwegian Registry of Business 
Enterprises with organisation number 952706365. The address of the registered office is Storgata 65, 9008 
Tromso (tel +47 77 6 22000). SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is a credit institution licensed by the Ministry of 
Finance and supervised by the FSAN. 
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and its subsidiaries (the “SNN Group”) hold a unique position in the region, 
enjoying customer relationships with almost half of the population and a broad distribution system thanks to 
branches in 15 locations. 
The SNN Group’s corporate vision is “For Northern Norway”, and its strategic goals are to create value for 
its customers, create value for the bank and to create value for Northern Norway. The SNN Group’s financial 
targets are the following: 
 
Profitability: Targeting a return on equity in line with the best of comparable banks.  
 
Efficiency: Targeting a cost/income ratio of below 40 per cent.  
 
Solvency: Targeting a CET1 capital ratio at one percentage point above the regulatory 
minimum requirement.  
 
Dividend: Targeting a dividend pay-out ratio of above 50 per cent.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge provides comprehensive, modern financial solutions to customers based in the 
northern Norwegian market. SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is an independent financial services group within the 
SpareBank 1 Alliance. Being part of a national alliance ensures effective technological development and 
competitive terms and conditions.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge aims to be a bank that renews itself for the benefit of the people and businesses in 
northern Norway. SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s strategy is to be aggressive in the market and be thought of as 
a clear alternative to national and international competitors.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is an attractive workplace with a corporate culture characterised by dynamic 
training, a will to win, and a willingness to work together towards a common goal. Its operations are based 
on strict requirements concerning integrity and business ethics. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has two shareholder groups: 46.4 per cent. is owned via the Oslo Stock Exchange, 
while the North Norwegian community owns 53.6 per cent. This ownership model underpins the company’s 
North Norwegian profile and strong position in the region, including through the allocation of dividends to 
the North Norwegian community. SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
by any shareholder. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norges’s administration structure is as follows: 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following is a discussion of the SNN Group’s financial condition and results of operation as at 31 
December 2022.  
Percentages in tables have been rounded and accordingly may not add up to 100 per cent. In addition, 
certain financial data has been rounded. As a result of this rounding, the totals of data presented in this 
document may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such data. Figures in parentheses refer to the 
corresponding period in 2021. 

Pre-tax profit:
NOK 2,364 million (NOK 2,794 million) 

Post-tax profit:
NOK 1,851 million (NOK 2,295 million) 

CET1 capital ratio4:
17.3 per cent. (18.7 per cent.)  

Lending growth:
6.0 per cent. (-1.1 per cent.) 

Deposits growth:
4.4 per cent. (4.1 per cent.) 

Loan losses:
NOK 63 million (NOK -235  million) 
4
The CET1 capital ratio target is 16.5 per cent. 
CEO
Liv Bortne Ulriksen 
Chief Commercial Officer
Lasse Hagerupsen 
Chief Commercial Officer
Trude Glad 
Chief Communication Officer
Stein Vidar Loftås 
Chief of Staff
Turid Aspenes 
Chief Financial Officer
Bengt Olsen 
Chief Innovation Officer
Bjørn-Tore Markussen 
Chief Risk Officer
Marius Nilsen 
CEO
Liv Bortne Ulriksen
Chief Commercial Officer
Trude Glad
Chief of Staff
Turid Aspenes
Chief Risk Officer
Marius Nilsen
Chief Financial Officer
Bengt Olsen
Chief Innovation Officer
Bjørn-Tore Markussen
Chief Communication 
Officer
Stein Vidar Loftås
Chief Commercial Officer
Lasse Hagerupsen

--- Page 124 ---
124 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has seen an increase in the consolidated net interest income from NOK 2,014 
million in 2021 to NOK 2,556 million in 2022.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is aiming to continue to increase its income through a broad range of products 
within areas other than traditional credit activities that involve no credit risk, such as savings, investments 
and insurance. In 2022 the SNN Group's net commissions and other operating income accounted for 33 per 
cent. of total income excluding income from financials compared to 43 per cent. in 2021. 
The SNN Group’s net loan loss for 2022 amounted to NOK 63 million, an increase from NOK -235 million 
in 2021. The loss is distributed with NOK 7 million in the retail market and NOK 56 million in the corporate 
market.  
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge holds, at year end 2022 a CET1 at 17.3 per cent., a decrease from 18.7 per cent. in 
2021.  
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
For SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge it is important that external and internal reporting maintains a high level of 
quality. The SNN Group is dependent on a good reputation and trust among its customers, owners, the 
authorities and other business associates in order to be an attractive partner and a natural first choice. In 
order to achieve this, the SNN Group must have a clear and efficient structure for the division of 
responsibility and management. 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge shall, at any given time, operate in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations 
and internal guidelines, including the Group’s core values and ethical guidelines (SNN Code of Conduct). 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s risk and capital management should support the SNN Group’s strategic 
development and achievement of targets, and at the same time ensure financial stability and proper asset 
management. This is to be achieved through: 
 
A strong organisational structure characterised by high-risk management awareness. 
 
Striving towards an optimal application of capital within the adopted business strategy. 
 
Striving for an equal risk-adjusted return on customers over time within the adopted 
business strategy. 
 
Exploitation of synergy and diversification effects. 
 
Having sufficient core/subordinated capital according to the chosen risk profile. 
The Group aims to ensure that the aggregated risk level is moderate and within the limits set by the Group’s 
subordinated capital and other provisions. The Group’s minimum goal is to maintain its current international 
rating in order to ensure a long-term ample supply of ordinary borrowing from the capital markets. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES  
Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 2021. 
SpareBank 1 Finans Nord-Norge AS is 85 per cent. owned by SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge and has business 
responsibilities for the product areas of leasing and secured financing, with Northern Norway as the primary 
market area. The company recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 207 million in 2022 (NOK 366 million).   
EiendomsMegler 1 Nord-Norge AS is a member of a nationwide alliance with other real estate companies 
owned by SpareBank 1 banks. EiendomsMegler 1 Nord-Norge AS is 85 per cent. owned by SpareBank 1

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Nord-Norge and carries out real estate operations at 22 different locations in northern Norway. 
EiendomsMegler 1 Nord-Norge AS delivered a pre-tax profit of NOK 16 million in 2022 (NOK 37 million). 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset Nord-Norge AS is responsible for the operations in the fields of financial 
management and accounting and is 85 per cent. owned by SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge. It recorded a pre-tax 
profit of NOK 17.5 million in 2022 (NOK 25.1 million). 
MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
In accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has a two-tier board structure 
consisting of a Supervisory Board and Board of Directors.  
 
 
The Bank's management structure is based on the Bank's vision, established goals, strategies and core values. 
It is intended to ensure goal-oriented and independent management and control that covers all processes and 
control measures implemented by the Bank's management to ensure effective business management and 
implementation of the Bank's strategies. A number of independent control bodies have been established that 
are intended to ensure that owners and other interested parties receive correct information about commercial, 
financial and risk related matters. The control bodies have different duties and purposes. The various bodies' 
general roles and responsibilities are defined by requirements in applicable laws and regulations and the 
Articles of Association. Effective target-oriented management is a prerequisite for continuously measuring 
the Bank's strategic goal attainment. The Bank uses scorecards, rolling prognoses and the accounts as 
management tools. Accountability is ensured by clearly communicating business plans and agreed targets to 
Audit Committee
Risk Committee 
Risk Committee
Nomination Committee
Supervisory board
External auditor
Board of Directors
Internal Auditor
CEO
Risk Management
Corporate 
governance 
Compliance

--- Page 126 ---
126 
the employees. This is managed through clearly defined roles, responsibilities and expectations, and 
managers who are responsible for achieving targets within the various areas of responsibility.  
In the following, the denominations “C” and “B” indicate a position as chair of the Board of Directors and 
ordinary board member, respectively, and “CEO” and “CFO” indicate a position as Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, in the relevant companies. 
The Supervisory Board 
As the highest decision-making body of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, the Supervisory Board ensures that the 
bank operates in accordance with its objectives and in compliance with legislation and regulations. 
 
The Supervisory Board has 40 members and 20 alternates with the following representation: 
 
Customers (depositors): 10 members and 5 alternates 
 
Elected from the county councils: 4 members and 4 alternates  
 
Equity certificate holders: 16 members and 6 alternates  
 
Employees: 10 members and 5 alternates 
The following table sets out the current members of the Supervisory Board of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge (as 
at the date of this Prospectus): 
 
Members 
Number of Equity 
Capital Certificates  
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge  
Roar Dons (Chairman) 
12,852 
CEO, Pellerin Utvikling AS 
Grete 
Ellingsen 
(Deputy 
Chairman) 
- 
CEO 
Henning A.P. Bråten  
- 
Trade union employee 
Mona Abelsen 
- 
Business owner 
Rita Myrvang 
- 
CEO 
Christine Møller 
- 
Operations Manager 
Johanne Marie Olaussen 
150 
Consultant 
Malin Hansen 
630 
Personnel consultant 
Gro-Marith Karlsen 
108 
Head of clinic 
Andreas Hegg 
- 
Attorney 
Ståle Indregård 
- 
Investment Director 
Karl-Hans Rønning 
- 
Politician 
Beate Bø Nilsen 
- 
Market and communication manager 
Kristin Rajala 
- 
Politician

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Members 
Number of Equity 
Capital Certificates
Activities performed outside SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge 
Kristian Eilertsen  
- 
Politician 
Trond Mohn 
102,187 
CEO  
Tom Rømer Svendsen
1,000
Financial Analyst
Håkon Løbach Willumsen
7,000
CEO
Kjell Olav Pettersen 
46,632 
Chair 
Linn Knudsen 
4,326 
Accounting 
Kjell Kolbeinsen
11,046
Chair
Hallgeir Angell
4,122
CEO
Gry-Janne Rugås 
27,483 
CFO 
Elin Wintervold 
18,078 
Jeweler  
Erik Tostrup
-
CEO
Sissel Ditlefsen
104,095
Optician
Svein Ove Haugland 
700 
CEO 
Lars Martin Lunde 
3,000 
CEO 
Rigmor S. Berntsen
175,000
Self-employed
Ingrid Walnum
24,098
Adviser
Irina S. Møllersen 
1,832 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Ingelin Friis-Dahl 
957 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Ove Eivind Hagen
28,100
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge
Laila Helen Hansen
9,065
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge
Nadia Leinan 
219 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Tor Magne Oppheim 
6,521 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Dag Inge Lund
2,400
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge
Camilla Gunnberg
1,178
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge
Jarle Neef 
39,131 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Gunnar Berger 
2,553 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Board of Directors 
According to its Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet shall consist of 9 
members. The Board of Directors is elected by the Supervisory Board, except for the two employee 
representatives. Directors are elected for terms of up to two years. The Supervisory Board elects the chair 
and deputy chair in separate electoral processes. 
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge as at 
the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Members  
Number of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates
Current 
occupation 
Other business activities 
Eirik Frantzen 
(Chair) 
- 
CEO, Nordkraft 
AS 
Bico Bygg og Innredning AS (C), Forte 
Narvik Holding AS (C), Forte Narvik Invest 
1 AS (C), Forte Narvik Invest 2 AS (C), Forte 
Narvik Invest 3 AS (C), Hålogaland Kraft 
Nett AS (C), Narvikfjellet Allmenn AS (C), 
Narvikfjellet AS (C), Provato AS (C), Alpin 
VM 2027 AS (B), Bico Eiendom AS (B), 
Fortum Nordkraft Vind DA (B), 
Mimergården AS (B), Narvik Batteri AS (B), 
Oc Industrier AS (B), Oneco AS (B), Racom 
AS (B), Racom Holding AS (B), Sintef 
Narvik AS (B), Site Narvik AS (B), Visinor 
AS (B), Yve AS (B) 
Kjersti Terese 
Stormo (Deputy 
Chair) 
2,942 
CEO Bodø Havn 
Kf 
Visit Bodø (C), Fjuel Bodø AS (B), Cruise 
Norway AS (B), Sentrumsterminalen AS (B), 
Fjuel AS (B)  
Kathrine Tveiterås 
-
Dean at UiT
Troms Kraft AS (B)
Siv Sandvik
-
Partner at Schjødt
Semming 
Semmingsen 
186 
CEO, Troms 
Kraft AS 
Arva AS (C), Aurora AS (C), Sirius AS (C), 
Marealis AS (B), Stella Polaris AS (B), 
Vygruppen AS (B) 
Trude Slettli 
2,690 
CEO 
Aiit AS (C), Helse Nord Ikt HF (B), Frost 
Kraftentreprenør AS (B) Ishavskraft AS (B) 
Fjuel Tromsø AS (B) 
Sigurd Carlsen  
3,000 
Retired 
Eksportfinans ASA (C) 
Cecilie Wirkola 
(employee 
representative)
13,503 
 
LO Finans Sparebank 1 Nord-Norge (C), LO 
Finans Hk (B) 
Kjetil Berntsen 
(employee 
representative) 
1,787

--- Page 129 ---
129 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any 
duties to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Board and their private 
interests or other duties in respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the Supervisory Board and Board of Directors is 
the registered office of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge. 
Group management 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s senior management is as follows:  
 
Name 
Number of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates
Position  
Served since 
Activities performed outside 
Sparebank 1 Nord-Norge 
Liv Bortne Ulriksen 
86,882 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
2008 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset 
Nord-Norge (C), SpareBank 1 
Finans Nord-Norge AS (C), 
SpareBank 1 Forsikring AS 
(C), SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS 
(B), SpareBank 1 Utvikling 
DA (B), SpareBank 1 Betaling 
(B)
Bengt Olsen 
51,994 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer 
2019 
SpareBank 1 Næringkreditt 
(C), SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
Portefølje AS (C), Fredrik 
Langes Gate 20 AS (C), 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS 
(C), Investor Bol AS (C), 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS (B), 
Kunnskapsparken Bodø AS 
(C)
Bjørn-Tore 
Markussen 
390 
Chief Innovation 
Officer 
2021 
Lab Nord-Norge AS (C), 
Krigsskolen 
Alumni 
(B), 
Stiftelsen 
Den 
Gamle 
Krigsskole (B) 
Marius Nilsen  
- 
Chief 
Risk 
Officer 
2018 
 -  
Stein Vidar Loftås 
6,675 
Chief 
Communications 
officer  
2016 
Rødbanken Holding AS (C), 
Rødbanken 
AS 
(C), 
Tromsøbadet Kf (B), Lab 
Nord-Norge 
AS 
(B) 
Tromsøbadet AS (B)
Turid Aspenes  
3,042 
Chief of Staff 
2013 
SpareBank 1 Forvaltning (B), 
Finansnæringens 
Autorisasjonsordning (B)  
Lasse Hagerupsen 
80,772 
Chief 
Commercial 
2010 
Eiendomsmegler 
1 
Nord-
Norge AS (C), SpareBank 1

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Name 
Number of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Position  
Served since 
Activities performed outside 
Sparebank 1 Nord-Norge 
Officer 
Kreditt (B)  
Trude Glad 
3,042 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer 
2003 
SpareBank 1 Finans Nord-
Norge AS (B), SpareBank 1 
Regnskapshuset Nord-Norge 
AS (B)  
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any 
duties to SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge of the senior management and their private interests or other duties in 
respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the senior management is the registered office of 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF SPAREBANK 1 ØSTLANDET 
OVERVIEW  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet can trace its history back to 1845, when funds from local granaries, forest commons, 
local authorities and private individuals were pooled to establish the first savings bank that later became 
Sparebanken Hedmark and then SpareBank 1 Østlandet. 
The bank came into being through a series of mergers between formerly independent savings banks in the 
former county of Hedmark. Altogether, 22 local savings banks have merged and evolved to become 
Hedmark’s largest provider of external debt financing. Prior to 1 April 2017, the bank’s name was 
Sparebanken Hedmark. It assumed its current name following the merger with Bank 1 Oslo Akershus AS 
(“B1OA”) on 1 April 2017. The bank’s head office is in Hamar, Norway.  
In June 2006, SpareBank 1 Østlandet became part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance. The alliance has been a key 
factor in the development and offering of relevant products to the customers of SpareBank 1 Østlandet, 
enabling the combination of efficient operations and economies of scale with independent local banking 
operations.  
In the autumn of 2011, the former Sparebanken Hedmark expanded into the neighbouring county of Oppland 
with branches in the cities of Gjøvik and Lillehammer. Following the merger with B1OA on 1 April 2017, 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet assumed its current name. With the expansion into Oslo and other parts of Viken, 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet has become Norway’s fourth largest savings bank group.  
As at 31 December 2022, SpareBank 1 Østlandet has around 404,000 customers, 1,121 full time employees 
across 36 branches in the counties of Innlandet, Oslo and Viken. Total assets, including loans transferred to 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt and SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt, were NOK 228 billion (EUR 22 billion) 5. 
In the autumn of 2016, the Ministry of Finance gave its approval for SpareBank 1 Østlandet, as the first bank 
in Norway, to pay out annual customer dividends based on its profits. The first qualifying year started 1 
January 2017, and first payout was made in April 2018. 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet has an equity capital certificate structure with 70 per cent. of the capital owned via 
Oslo Stock Exchange. The rest of the capital is defined as primary capital and is self-owned. Approximately 
85 per cent. of the equity for distribution is owned by investors within SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s primary 
market area, which includes the counties of Innlandet, Oslo and Viken. The largest shareholders are 
Sparebankstiftelsen Hedmark, a foundation which owns 52.15 per cent. of the shares, and 
Landsorganisasjonen Norge, a national trade union center which owns 9.6 per cent. of the shares. SpareBank 
1 Østlandet is a savings bank incorporated and operating under the laws of Norway and is registered with the 
Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises with organisation number 920 426 530. The address of its 
registered office is Strandgata 15, PO Box 203, N-2302 Hamar and the telephone number of its registered 
office is +47 915 02999.  SpareBank 1 Østlandet is a credit institution licensed by the Ministry of Finance 
and supervised by the FSAN.  
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet provides financial products and services to private individuals, businesses and the 
public sector in the eastern regions of Norway. The group contributes to growth and development through 
financing individuals and companies in the Innlandet region and the counties of Oslo and Viken. SpareBank 
1 Østlandet also provides leasing, accounting and real estate brokerage services through its subsidiary 
companies.  
                                                    
5  
Based on an exchange rate as at 31 December 2022 of EUR 1 to NOK 10.4994.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s mission statement is “Creating Together”, supported by the core values “Proficient, 
Nearby and Engaged”.  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet has established a strategic destination for the period 2022 to 2025. The main strategic 
ambition is to become the best relationship bank in Norway. Targets to be achieved by the end of 2025 are as 
follows: 
 
know its customers and create the best customer experience 
 
create tomorrow’s relationship bank in an open and engaging working environment 
 
be a clear driver of the sustainable transition 
 
have one of the most attractive equity certificates on the Oslo Stock Exchange (Nw. Oslo 
Børs) 
Strategic focus areas in the next strategy period are: 
 
Relation, service and distribution 
 
Data and insights driven operations and development 
 
Leadership, competence and organisation 
 
Cooperation and partnership 
 
Sustainable operations and development 
 
Profitable growth 
 
The figure below shows an overview of the bank’s organisational structure: 
 
 
 
 
Supervisory 
Bond 
Board of  
Directors 
Group CEO 
Innovation and 
business 
development 
Economy and 
Finance 
Business 
operations 
Risk and 
Compliance 
Communications 
and Social 
Affairs
HR and Legal 
Corporate 
Division 
Retail Division 
Organisational 
and Capital 
Market Division

--- Page 133 ---
133 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following provides an overview of the SpareBank 1 Østlandet Group’s financial performance as at 31 
December 2022. 
Percentages and certain financial data in the corresponding tables are rounded, and may not add up to 100 
per cent. Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 2021. 
 
Profit after tax:  
 
  
 
NOK 1,948 million (NOK 2,022million)  
 
Earnings per equity certificate:  
NOK 11.37 (NOK 11.96) 
 
Net interest income: 
 
 
 
NOK 2,693 million (NOK 2,161million)  
 
Net commissions and other operating income: 
NOK 1,588 million (NOK 1,663million) 
 
Net profit from financial assets and liabilities:    NOK 162 million (NOK 599 million)  
 
Total operating expenses:  
  
 
NOK 2,037 million (NOK 1,980million)  
 
Impairments on loans and guarantees: 
 
NOK 27 million (NOK 5 million)  
 
CET1 capital ratio: 
 
  
 
17.7 per cent. (18.0 per cent.) 
 
Leverage ratio: 
 
  
 
7.2 per cent. (7.3 per cent.) 
 
LCR: 
 
  
 
164.5 per cent. (131.6 per cent.)  
The total numbers of equity capital certificates (EC) as at 31 December 2022 was 115,829,789 with an EC 
capital of NOK 5,791,489,493. The largest owners are Sparebankstiftelsen Hedmark and LO. 
The lending growth inclusive of transferred loans to the covered bond companies, was NOK 15.0 billion 
(NOK 12.4 billion), equivalent to 8.7 per cent. (7.7 per cent.).  
Deposits from customers increased by NOK 6.6 billion (NOK 6.6 billion), equivalent to 7.2 per cent. (7.7 per 
cent.).  
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet aims to maintain a low to moderate risk profile and to employ risk monitoring of 
such high quality that no single incident will seriously impair its financial position. The risk profile has been 
set through risk statements for different risk areas and quantified through targets for rating, return on equity 
and regulatory capital adequacy.   
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s risk management shall support its strategic development and the attainment of its 
goals. Risk management shall also ensure financial stability and satisfactory asset management. This is to be 
achieved by: 
 
A strong corporate culture characterised by high awareness of risk management 
 
A good understanding of which risks drive earnings 
 
Striving towards an optimal application of capital within the adopted business strategy 
 
Avoiding unexpected negative events that can seriously impair the Group’s financial status 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet's capital management needs to ensure: 
 
Effective funding and use of capital funds in relation to the Group's strategic goals and 
approved business strategy 
 
Competitive returns 
 
Satisfactory capital adequacy in relation to its chosen risk profile 
 
Competitive terms and good long-term access to funding in capital markets

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Exploitation of the growth opportunities in the Group's defined market area 
 
That no individual negative events can seriously harm the Group's financial status  
Based on the strategic goals, a capital plan is drawn up each year for the following three years to ensure 
long-term and targeted capital management. The capital plan takes into account projections of the Group's 
financial development over the next three years. These projections are based on the expected developments 
in the period, as well as a situation with a serious economic downturn over a minimum of three years. 
Based on the projections of the total capital requirements, the management and the Board make an overall 
assessment about whether the capital requirements are sufficient and adapted to SpareBank 1 Østlandet's 
current and future risk profile and strategic goals.  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet aims to be one of the most well-capitalised regional savings banks, and therefore 
operates with a target of one percentage point above the regulatory requirement for common equity tier 1 
(CET1) for the financial year 2022. The regulatory requirement is equivalent to 15.3 per cent. as at 31 
December 2022. 
SUBSIDIARIES 
Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 2021. 
EiendomsMegler 1 Innlandet AS 
EiendomsMegler 1 Innlandet AS is a part of the EiendomsMegler 1 Alliance, one of Norway's largest chain 
of real estate agents. The company has branches in all major cities and towns in Hedmark, as well as 
branches in Nes in Akershus and Gjøvik in Oppland. Most of the agencies are located together with 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s branches in order to promote cooperation between the bank and real estate agencies 
in delivering relevant products to the customers of the group. The company has 10 branches and is the 
largest local real estate agent in its market area measured in the number of home sales. Profit after tax in 
2022 was NOK 2 million (NOK 3 million). 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS offers leasing and loan finance to the business sector, as well as unsecured 
loans for cars, motorcycles and caravans to private individuals. SpareBank 1 Østlandet is the majority 
shareholder (85.1 per cent.), with SpareBank 1 Ringerike Hedeland (9.9 per cent.) and SpareBank 1 Østfold 
Akershus (5 per cent.) as joint minority owners. The company has a presence in the counties of Oslo, Viken, 
Vestfold and Telemark, and the Innlandett. This has made the company a significant participant in the 
leasing and secured financing market in Eastern Norway. Profit after tax in 2022 was NOK 125 million 
(NOK 183 million). 
SpareBank 1 ForretningPartner Østlandet Group 
SpareBank 1 ForretningPartner Østlandet Group provides services within payroll and accounting, targeting 
small and medium-sized companies within production, trade, and farming. SpareBank 1 Østlandet owns 100 
per cent. of the shares. Profit after tax in 2022 was NOK -5 (NOK -2 million). 
EiendomsMegler 1 Oslo Akershus Group 
EiendomsMegler 1 Oslo Akershus Group is a wholly owned administration and settlement office for the 
group's real estate services in the Oslo and Akershus regions. SpareBank 1 Østlandet supports and owns 100 
per cent. of the real estate agency EiendomsMegler 1 Oslo AS. Most of the agencies are co-located with the 
branches of SpareBank 1 Østlandet in the Oslo and Akershus regions in order to promote cooperation 
between the bank and real estate agencies in delivering relevant products to the customers of the group. 
Profit after tax in 2022 was NOK 10 million (NOK 15 million).

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Vato AS 
Vato AS is a property management company that was set up to manage some of SpareBank 1 Østlandet's 
office buildings in Hedmark County. The book value of the company as at 31 December 2022 was NOK 9 
million, and profit after tax in 2022 was NOK 1 million (NOK 1 million). 
Youngstorget 5 AS 
Youngstorget 5 AS is a Norwegian private limited liability company. The book value of the company at 31 
December 2022 was NOK 148 million, and profit after tax in 2022 was NOK 5 million (NOK 5 million). 
MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s various management and control bodies have been established in accordance with 
Norwegian legislation. The figure below shows an overview of the bank’s management and control bodies.  
 
 
 
The governance structure and the composition of the governing bodies of savings banks differs somewhat 
from those of limited liability companies, as the Financial Undertakings Act sets outs the bodies which a 
savings bank must have – a supervisory board (also termed ‘committee of representatives’ or ‘board of 
trustees’) and a board of directors.  
The Supervisory Board 
As the highest decision-making body of SpareBank 1 Østlandet, the Supervisory Board ensures that the bank 
operates in accordance with its objectives and in compliance with legislation and regulations. 
 
The Supervisory Board has 40 members and 40 alternates with the following representation: 
 
14 customers (depositors) 
Supervisory Board 
Board of Directors 
CEO 
External auditor 
Internal auditor 
Risk and Compliance 
Election Committee 
Audit Committee 
Risk Committee 
Remuneration 
Committee

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
4 publically elected officials (Hedmark County Council) 
 
12 equity certificate representatives 
 
10 bank employees 
The following is a list of the current members of the Supervisory Board (as at the date of this Prospectus).  
 
Name 
Number 
of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Background 
Malin Westby  
- 
CFO Kongsvinger Kommune 
Kari Heggelund 
601 
Mayor Åsnes Municipality 
Line Margrethe Rustad 
- 
Head of 
Culture, Elverum 
Municipality 
Siv Nytrøen Reiten 
- 
Head of Human Resources 
Inger Johanne Reiestad Hansen 
- 
Lawyer Campbell & Co. 
Ragnhild B. Abrante 
- 
Head 
of 
Communication, 
Hafslund Eco 
Pål Enger 
- 
Strategic 
Advisor 
CSR 
& 
Sponsorship 
Pål Jan Stokke 
- 
CEO, Atlungstad Golf AS 
Bodil Helene Andersen 
424 
Special 
Auditor, 
the 
Tax 
Administration 
Svein Frydenlund 
1,282 
CEO, Hamarregionen Utvikling 
Martine J. Thorleifsson 
- 
Marketing 
Manager, 
Redningsselskapet 
Trine Hagelin 
- 
Department Manager, Enebakk 
Sykehjem 
Linda Aas 
134 
Accountant, SISA Invest AS 
Aslaug Marie Etterlid Ringstad 
- 
CEO, Inpro Active AS 
Stein Tronsmoen
-
CEO Auma Vannverk Sa
Turid Backe-Viken 
- 
Project 
Leader 
Norwegian 
Alpine 
and 
Mountain 
Destinations 
Mona Cicilie Stormoen 
- 
Politician (Labour Party) 
Joakim Ekseth 
- 
Head 
of 
Road 
Brokerage 
Norway, DB Schenker 
Toril Skogsrud 
1,188 
Employee SpareBank 1 
Østlandet  
Carina CC Bierke Christiansen 
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Mette Solbergseter 
2,796 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Morten Berntsen 
387 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Name 
Number 
of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Background 
Thor Even Thorstensen  
387 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Susanna Scholz  
- 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Jo Narve Træthaug  
941 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Øystein Kure Syversen  
1,700 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Anniken Wolf Joner  
3,346 
Employee, SpareBank 1 
Østlandet 
Bjørnar Otterhaug 
- 
CEO Otterhaug AS 
Trond Olav Hagerud 
6,020 
Regional Director Nordic & 
Baltic, Mapei 
Thorleif Sørhol Nielsen6 
55,000 
CEO, Mustelidae AS 
Marianne Steenland 
- 
Veterinarian 
Jørgen Haugli
-
Investment Analyst, Pareto AS
Tore Larsen 
- 
Dealer Manager, Skalahus AS 
Bjørnar Håkensmoen 
- 
CEO, Duett AS 
Marit Johnsrud 
153 
Lawyer, Johnsrud & Co AS 
Olav Vold
3,087
Farmer
Jo Simen Drågen 
- 
Director 
Portfolio 
Management, 
Utstillingsplassen Eiendom AS 
Peggy Hessen Følsvik 
- 
Vice President, LO Norway 
Terje Olav Olsson 
- 
Secretary, LO Norway 
Board of Directors 
According to its Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet shall consist of 7 
to 9 members. The Board of Directors is elected by the Supervisory Board based on the nomination of the 
electoral committee, except for the two employee representatives. Directors are elected for terms of up to 
two years. The Supervisory Board in separate electoral processes elects the chair and deputy chair.  
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet. In the 
following, the denominations “C”, “BM” and “D” indicates a position as chair of the Board of Directors, 
board member and deputy board member, respectively, and “CEO” and “CFO” indicate a position as Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
and 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer, 
respectively, 
in 
the 
relevant 
companies.
                                                    
6 Through the investment company Mustelidae AS.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Board of 
Directors 
Number of 
Equity Capital 
Certificates 
Current occupation 
Other business activities 
Siri Jarandsen 
Strømmevold 
(Chair) 
3,845 
CEO, Tynset Bokhandel 
Feste NordØst AS (BM) 
Fri Bokhandel Sa (D) 
 
Nina C. Strøm 
Swensson 
(Deputy Chair) 
4,132 
CFO of Sykehuset 
Innlandet HF 
 
Alexander 
Sandberg Lund 
4,286 
Lawyer, Partner 
Lawfirm CLP 
Kamma AS (C)  
Lekerøya Invest AS (C) 
Heal Invest AS (BM) 
Klarkraft AS (BM) 
Idun Kristine 
Fridtun 
450 
CFO Hexagon Raufoss 
AS 
 
Solheimkoret (BM) 
Tore-Anstein 
Dobloug 
0 
CEO, 
Sparebankstiftelsen 
Hedmark 
Karlstad Invest AS (CEO) 
Stiftelsen Innlandet Science Park 
(C) 
Jørn-Henning 
Eggum 
0 
President, 
Fellesforbundet 
AS Eiendommer (C) 
Fellesforbundet (C) 
Stiftelsen LO Media (BM) 
Sameiet Sydneskleiven 4 (BM) 
LO Norge (BM) 
The Norwegian Labour Party 
(BM) 
Sjur Smedstad 
1,478 
Senior union 
representative, Finance 
Sector Union of 
Norway, at SpareBank 1 
Østlandet AS 
 
 
Catherine 
Norland 
194 
Senior union 
representative, LO 
Finance, at SpareBank 1 
Østlandet AS
LO Finance Østlandet (C) 
LO Finance HK (BM) 
 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the Supervisory Board and Board of Directors is 
the registered office of SpareBank 1 Østlandet. 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Østlandet, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Board and their private interests or other 
duties in respect of their management roles.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Group management 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s senior management is as follows:  
 
Name  
Number 
of 
Equity Capital 
Certificates 
Position  
Served 
since  
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
Richard Heiberg 
113,9257 
Chief Executive 
Officer  
2010 
Richard Heiberg Invest AS (C) 
SpareBank 
1 
Forretningspartner 
Østlandet AS (C) 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS (C) 
SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA (C) 
Finans Norge (BM) 
Fremtind Forsikring AS (BM) 
Sparebankforeningen i Norge (BM) 
Geir-Egil Bolstad 
44,156 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
2016 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS  
(DC)  
SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt AS  
(BM)  
BN Bank ASA (BM) 
Modhi Finance (BM) 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS (D) 
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS (D) 
SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA (D) 
Dag-Arne Hoberg 
7,521 
Head of 
Innovation and 
Business 
Development 
2017 
SpareBank 1 Betaling AS (BM) 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Innlandet AS 
(BM) 
 
Elin B. Ørbæk 
1,989 
Chief Operating 
Officer 
2018 
AS Vato (CEO and C) 
Youngstorget 5 AS (C) 
Hamar Vest Rotary Klubb (BM) 
Oslo Kongressenter Folkets Hus AS 
(D) 
Vidar Nordheim 
8,497 
Chief Risk and 
Compliance 
Officer 
2006 
Vidar Nordheim (owner) 
SpareBank 1 Gjeldsinformasjon 
(BM) 
Norboer (BM) 
Siv Stenseth 
3,913 
Head of 
Communication 
2003 
 
Liv 
Krokan 
Murud 
3,763 
Acting Head of 
HR and Legal 
2002 
Sparebanken Hedmark Pensjonskasse 
(BM)  
Vingar Vocale (DC) 
Hans 
Olav 
Wedvik 
3,442 
Head of 
Corporate 
Banking 
2016 
SpareBank 1 Finans Østlandet AS 
(C) 
SpareBank 1 Markets AS (BM) 
Fremtind Service AS (BM) 
Kari Elise Gisnås 
3,442 
Head of 
Personal 
Banking 
2009 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Innlandet AS 
(C)  
Eiendomsmegler 1 Oslo AS (C) 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Oslo Akershus AS 
(C) 
Vikinglauget (C) 
Kammerkoret Collegium Vocale (C) 
VN Norge AS (DC)
                                                    
7 Includes Equity Capital Certificates owned through Richard Heiberg Invest AS

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Name  
Number 
of 
Equity Capital 
Certificates 
Position  
Served 
since  
Activities performed outside 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
Norge Forvaltning AS (DC) 
SpareBank 1 Kreditt AS (BM) 
Odin Forvaltning AS (D) 
SpareBank 1 Boligkreditt AS (D) 
SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt AS (D) 
Espen Mejlænder-
Larsen 
6,695 
Head of 
Organisations 
and Capital 
Markets 
2017 
LO Favør AS (BM) 
Oslo Kongressenter Folkets Hus AS 
(BM)   
 
 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the senior management is the registered office of 
SpareBank 1 Østlandet. 
 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Østlandet, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between any 
duties to SpareBank 1 Østlandet of the senior management and their private interests or other duties in 
respect of their management roles.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF SPAREBANK 1 SØRØST-NORGE 
OVERVIEW   
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge is the result of the merger between SpareBank 1 BV and Sparebanken Telemark 
on 21 June 2021. On 1 April 2022, Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge merged with SpareBank 1 Modum. These 
mergers have strengthened the bank’s position in its main focus region, namely in south-east of Norway.  
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge is a member of the Sparebank 1 Alliance.  
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge and its subsidiaries (the “Sørøst Group”) consists of the bank as the parent bank, 
its wholly owned subsidiaries EiendomsMegler 1 Sørøst-Norge AS, Z-Eiendom AS and SpareBank 1 
Regnskapshuset Sørøst-Norge AS, as well as EiendomsMegler 1 Telemark AS which the bank owns 51 per 
cent. of the share capital.  
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge has a total of 21 branches spread across cities and towns in areas seeing 
economic growth in the south east region of Norway. The business sector in SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge’s 
market areas is well diversified with the varied composition of the sectors represented by the public sector, 
industry, power, technology, research and trade. 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge is a savings bank incorporated under the laws of Norway and is registered with 
the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises with organisation number 944 521 836. The address of its 
registered office is Fokserødveien 12, PO Box 216, N-3201 Sandefjord and the telephone number of its 
registered office is +47 915 02480. SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge is a credit institution licensed by the Ministry 
of Finance and supervised by the FSAN. 
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge provides financial products and services to private individuals, businesses and the 
public sector in its core markets. SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge also provides estate agency, asset management, 
and accounting services in the same geographical areas and to the same customer groups. 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge aims to contribute to sustainable development in Norwegian local communities 
by providing a wide range of financial services, as well as relevant advice to individuals and businesses. 
As a part of its brand building strategy, SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge wants to be seen as the personal regional 
bank that provides value for local businesses, people and communities.   
The Sørøst Group has the following four overarching ambitions to be achieved by the end of 2025. 
 
strengthen customer relationships and become the preferred bank for the retail and 
small/medium enterprise (SME) segment in its market area; 
 
build an attractive, sound regional bank for Southeast Norway; 
be one of the most attractive places to work in banking/finance in Southeast Norway; and 
 
facilitate profitable growth that provides a basis for increased added value for all of its 
stakeholders.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
The figure below shows an overview of SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge’s organisation: 
 
 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following provides an overview of the Sørøst Group’s financial performance as at 31 December 2022.  
Percentages and certain financial data in the corresponding tables are rounded, and may not add up to 100 
per cent. Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 2021. 
 
Pre-tax profit:   
 
 
 
NOK 1,311 million (NOK 1,030 million) 
 
Post-tax profit:   
 
 
 
NOK 1,041 million (NOK 869 million)  
 
Total operating expenses:  
 
 
NOK 1,272 million (NOK 886 million) 
 
Impairment on loans and guarantees: 
 
NOK 40 million (NOK 79 million)  
 
Lending growth:  
 
 
 
2.5 per cent. (6.4 per cent.)  
 
Deposit growth:   
 
 
 
1.2 per cent. (7.4 per cent.) 
 
CET1 capital ratio8:  
 
 
 
19.5 per cent. (18.3 per cent.)  
                                                    
8  
The CET1 capital ratio target is 17.0 per cent.  
CEO 
Per Halvorsen 
Act. CFO/IR 
Roar Snippen 
Dept CEO 
Geir Arstein Hansen 
Act. CRO 
Kristian Kloster 
HR and Organization 
Marianne Thorsdal 
Compliance and group
administration 
Marianne Sommerof 
Evensen 
Strategy and business 
development 
Johann Hjerkinn 
Subsidiares 
Egil Meland 
Business support 
Tonje Stormoen 
Corporate Market 
Arent Anfinsen 
Retail Market 
Lasse Olsen

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Operating expenses as a percentage of the total operating income for the Sørøst Group for the year ended 31 
December 2022 were 48.5 per cent. (44.4 per cent.) 
Impairment on loans and guarantees for the year ended 31 December 2022 totaled NOK 40 million (NOK 79 
million), equivalent to 0.06 per cent. (0.17 per cent.) of overall lending. 
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge aims to maintain a low to moderate risk profile and to achieve high quality risk 
management so that no single incident can seriously damage its financial position. The Sørøst Group is 
dependent on its good reputation and the trust of its customers, owners, the authorities and other business 
associates in order to be an attractive partner and a natural first choice. In order to achieve this, the Sørøst 
Group must have a clear and efficient structure for the division of responsibility and management. 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge shall, at any given time, operate in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations 
and internal guidelines, including the Sørøst Group’s core values and ethical guidelines (Code of Conduct). 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge’s risk and capital management shall support the Sørøst Group’s strategic 
development and goal attainment, and at the same time ensure financial stability and proper asset 
management. This is to be achieved through: 
 
A strong organisational structure characterised by high-risk management awareness. 
 
Striving towards an optimal application of capital within the adopted business strategy. 
 
Striving for an equal risk-adjusted return on customers over time within the adopted business 
strategy. 
 
Having sufficient core/subordinated capital according to the chosen risk profile. 
An annual capital plan is drawn up to ensure long-term and effective capital management. Sparebank 1 
Sørøst-Norge has also drawn up crisis and contingency plans to ensure that it is prepared and capable to deal 
with economic downturns and/or financial crisis.   
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES  
Figures in parentheses refer to the corresponding period in 2021.  
Eiendomsmegler 1 Sørøst-Norge AS is a real estate brokerage owned 100 per cent by SpareBank 1 Sørøst-
Norge. The company recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 16.0 million in 2022 (NOK 13.9 million). 
Z-Eiendom AS is a real estate brokerage owned 100 per cent by SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge. The company 
recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 0.7 million in 2022 (NOK 3.8 million). 
Eiendomsmegler 1 Telemark AS is a real estate brokerage owned 51 per cent by SpareBank 1 Sørøst-
Norge. The company recorded a pre-tax profit of NOK 6.5 million in 2021 (NOK 6.2 million). 
SpareBank 1 Regnskapshuset Sørøst-Norge AS owned 100 per cent by SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
operates within financial management and accounting. The company posted a pre-tax profit of NOK -0.004 
million in 2022 (NOK 4.2 million). 
MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
In accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has a two-tier board structure 
consisting of a Supervisory Board and Board of Directors.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
The governance structure and the composition of the governing bodies of savings banks differs somewhat 
from those of limited liability companies, as the Financial Undertakings Act sets outs the bodies which a 
savings bank must have – a supervisory board (also termed ‘committee of representatives’ or ‘board of 
trustees’) and a board of directors.  
In the following, the denominations “C” and “BM” indicates a position as chair of the Board of Directors 
and ordinary board member, respectively, and “CEO” and “CFO” indicate a position as Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, in the relevant companies. 
The Supervisory Board  
As the highest decision-making body of SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge, the Supervisory Board ensures that the 
bank operates in accordance with its objectives and in compliance with legislation and regulations. 
The Supervisory Board has 28 members and 8 alternates with the following representation: 
 
10 Depositor-elected representatives with 3 alternates  
 
11 Equity certificate holders’ representatives with 3 alternates 
 
7 Employee-elected representatives with 2 alternates 
External auditor 
Audit Commitee 
Internat Auditor 
Risk manager 
Election Comitee 
Supervisory board 
Board of directors 
CEO

--- Page 145 ---
145 
The following is a list of the current members of the Supervisory Board of SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge (as at 
the date of this Prospectus).  
 
Name 
Number of Equity 
Capital Certificates  
Other business activities performed outside 
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
Lars 
Ole 
Bjørnsrud 
(Chairman)  
 -    
Director Marketing Communications, Technip 
FMC 
Øystein 
Beyer 
(Deputy 
Chairman)  
 5,570  
Politician  
Ingebjørg Tollnes 
 4,083  
CEO, Sandefjord Business Association, board 
member
Helge Standeren
-  
Sales manager
Tom Mello 
 -    
Consultant and politician 
Kristin Storhaug 
 -    
Head principal at high school 
Ellen Mette Oredalen
-   
Knut Åge Andersen 
 313  
Board member various companies - retired bank 
employee 
Pål Stenbro 
 -    
CEO, Unicare Hokksund AS 
Bjørn Solheim
-   
Lawyer
Reidun Sundal 
 15,094  
Retired 
Iver A. Juel 
 340,926  
Investor - retired bank CEO 
Sindre Iversen 
 -    
Consultant 
Bjørn R. Hellevammen 
 19,004  
Retired, 
management 
background, 
various 
industries 
Hallgeir Skogen
95,113 
Investor
Gro Aakre 
 28,502  
CEO, Gap Consulting AS 
Morten Wexels 
 2,986  
Lawyer 
Egil Stokken
340 
CEO, Eco Injeksjon AS
Gjermund Rønning 
 -    
Board member various companies   
Yngve Leren 
 5,000  
CEO, Leren AS, board member various companies 
Hege V. Simonsen 
 -    
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge 
Inger Kristin Eide
2,628 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Name 
Number of Equity 
Capital Certificates 
Other business activities performed outside 
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge
Tom Sørensen 
 -    
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge 
Anne Rundtom Jørgensen 
 14,665  
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge 
Stein Erik Amlie
7,465 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge
Halvor Aarnes
-   
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge
Arnt Olav Svensli 
 2,700  
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge 
Tom Sørensen 
 -    
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge 
Anne Rundtom Jørgensen
14,665 
Employee, SpareBank 1 Sørøst Norge
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between 
any duties to SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge of the Supervisory Board and their private interests or other duties 
in respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the Supervisory Board is the registered office of 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge. 
 
Board of Directors 
 
According to its Articles of Association, the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge shall consist of 
seven to nine members. The Board of Directors is elected by the Supervisory Board based on the nomination 
of the electoral committee, except for the two employee representatives. Directors are elected for terms of up 
to two years. The Supervisory Board in separate electoral processes elects the chair and deputy chair. 
 
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge (as 
at the date of this Prospectus). 
 
 
Board 
of 
Directors  
Number of 
Equity Capital 
Certificates 
Current occupation  
Other business activities 
Finn 
Haugan 
(Chair) 
50,000 
Professional 
board 
member 
Previously CEO at SpareBank 1 SMN, 
Sinkaberg-Hansen AS Fiskeoppdrett, 
(C) Norbit ASA, (C), Borg Forvaltning 
AS (C), SOLON Eiendom AS (C), 
SOLON Eiendom Holding AS (C) and 
Elekt AS, (C), LL Holding (BM), Okea 
ASA (BM), Kolstad Håndball (BM) 
John-Arne 
Haugerud 
(Deputy Chair) 
8,420 
CEO, Midkraft AS 
- 
Maria Tho 
- 
CFO, 
InflowControl 
AS 
-

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Board 
of 
Directors  
Number of 
Equity Capital 
Certificates 
Current occupation  
Other business activities 
Lene Svenne 
- 
Group Vice President 
Climate 
& 
Governance Kongberg 
Group ASA 
- 
Heine Wang 
27,000 
Investor 
Previously CEO Nokas Group AS 
Jan Erling Nilsen 
2,986 
CEO, 
Nilsen 
and 
Kokkersvold 
AS, 
Chartered accountant -  
state-authorized 
auditor
- 
Lene Marie Aas 
Thorstensen 
- 
Lawyer 
at 
Tenden 
Lawfirm 
- 
Frede 
Christensen 
10,920 
Employee 
- 
Hanne 
Myhre 
Gravdal 
7,750 
Employee 
- 
 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between 
any duties to SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge of the Board of Directors and their private interests or other duties 
in respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the Board of Directors is the registered office of 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge. 
Group Management 
 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge’s senior management is as follows:  
 
Name 
Number of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Position 
Served 
since9 
Activities 
performed 
outside  
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
Per Halvorsen 
17,556 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
2006 
SamSpar AS (C), SpareBank 1 
Gruppen 
AS 
(C), 
SpareBank1 
Utvikling DA (C) 
Geir 
Årstein 
Hansen  
10,343 
Deputy 
Chief 
Executive Officer 
1992 
- 
Roar Snippen 
21,342 
Acting 
Chief 
Financial Officer 
2012 
Skagerak Capital III AS (BM) 
                                                    
9 Irrespective of mergers.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Name 
Number of 
Equity 
Capital 
Certificates 
Position 
Served 
since9 
Activities 
performed 
outside  
Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
Kristian 
Kloster
2,898 
Acting Chief Risk 
Officer
2022 
- 
Marianne 
Thorsdal 
9,706 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
HR 
& 
Organisational 
Development 
2012 
- 
Marianne 
Sommero 
Evensen 
8,453 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Compliance 
& 
Group 
Administration 
2010 
- 
Lars Hovland 
- 
Acting 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Corporate Market
2023 
- 
Lasse Olsen 
18.242 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Retail 
Market 
2015 
- 
Tonje 
Stormoen 
10,499 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Business 
Support 
2017 
- 
Johan Hjerkinn 
3,360 
Executive 
Vice 
President Strategy & 
Business 
Development 
2017 
- 
Egil Meland 
293 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Subsidiaries 
2022 
- 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge, no potential or actual conflicts of interest exist between 
any duties to SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge of the senior management and their private interests or other duties 
in respect of their management roles. 
The business address for each of the persons listed under the senior management is the registered office of 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country in which 
they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway and Luxembourg in respect of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date.  
Norwegian Taxation  
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax. Such 
holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a 
business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. Such tax liability may be 
modified through an applicable tax treaty.  
Norway levies withholding tax at a 15 per cent. rate on certain interest payments from Norway. 
However, the withholding obligation applies only to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor 
who are resident in low tax jurisdictions (i.e. where the effective taxation is lower than 2/3 of what it would 
have been had the holder been resident in Norway). Due to the constitution of each Issuer as a Norwegian 
savings bank, and the fact that neither of the Issuers have any ownership in non-Norwegian subsidiaries, 
each Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes issued by each 
Issuer. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Notes. Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes 
is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from 
Norway. Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes 
is effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from 
Norway. Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. Limited liability companies and 
certain similar entities are exempt from net wealth taxation. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.  
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
as amended (the “Relibi Law”) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is resident in Luxembourg will be subject 
to a withholding tax of currently 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if 
the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, 
payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a 
withholding tax at a rate of currently 20 per cent.  
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in 
a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under 
"Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 22 June 2023, agreed with each Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In 
the Programme Agreement, each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or, 
if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms, to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA 
C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
If Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Accordingly, if Category 1 is specified in the Final Terms the Notes are being offered and sold only 
outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as 
a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented

--- Page 153 ---
153 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State of the European Economic Area , each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed 
by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may, make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the relevant Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.  
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
(i) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of 
Notes for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; 
(ii) 
to “professional investors” (Nw. profesjonelle kunder) as defined in Section 10-6 in the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007; 
(iii) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors”) as defined in 
Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007, subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or

--- Page 156 ---
156 
(iv) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement 
for the registration or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus 
pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (formally named 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) in dematerialised form or in another central 
securities depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the Notes 
are denominated in NOK and offered and sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or 
(ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, 
as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and 
will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, as modified and 
amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:  
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;

--- Page 157 ---
157 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or (5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities 
and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 
2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither any of the 
Issuers nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
Subscription Agreement.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Sparebanken Midt-Norge dated 17 December 2003, Sparebanken 
Nord-Norge dated 19 March 2001 and Sparebanken Rogaland dated 18 December 2003. 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
SpareBank 1 SMN dated 1 March 2023, the Board of Directors of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge dated 8 
February 2023, SpareBank 1 Østlandet dated 16 December 2023 and SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge dated 9 
May 2023.  
Admission to Trading and Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in 
London and Luxembourg and on the following websites: 
SMN:  
https://www.sparebank1.no/en/smn/about-us/investor/financial-
info/funding/archive.html   
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge:  
https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/about-
us/investor/financial-information/funding.html  
SpareBank 1 Østlandet:  
https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/about-us/investor/debt-
investors/funding.html  
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge:  
https://www.sparebank1.no/nb/sorost/om-
oss/investor/finansiell-info/funding/archive.html  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of each Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes 
in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(c) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and Pricing 
Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity) to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
Each of the Issuers currently prepares audited consolidated and non-consolidated accounts on an 
annual basis.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to be cleared through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of any of the Issuers 
since 31 March 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of any of the Issuers 
since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
None of the Issuers are or have been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which any of the Issuers are aware) in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of any of the Issuers.  
Independent Auditors  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the independent auditors of SpareBank 1 SMN are 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, which are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den 
norske Revisorforening), who have audited SpareBank 1 SMN’s consolidated and non-consolidated 
accounts, without qualification, in accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and 
practices generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing as of and for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. The regulations of the 
Norwegian accounting act and accounting standards, principles and practices generally accepted in Norway 
have been applied in the preparation of the financial statements of the non-consolidated accounts. 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board (the 
"IASB") as endorsed by the EU have been applied in the preparation of the financial statements of the 
consolidated accounts.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the independent auditors of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge are KPMG 
AS, whose partners are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske 
Revisorforening), who have audited both SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s consolidated and non-consolidated 
accounts, without qualification, in accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and 
practices generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing as of and for each of 
the two financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the independent auditors of SpareBank 1 Østlandet are Deloitte AS, 
whose audit partners are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske 
Revisorforening), who have audited both SpareBank 1 Østlandet’s consolidated and non-consolidated 
accounts, without qualification, in accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and 
practices generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing as of the financial 
years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. The regulations of the Norwegian accounting act 
and International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB and as endorsed by the EU have been 
applied in the preparation of the financial statements of the non-consolidated accounts. International 
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB and as endorsed by the EU have been applied in the 
preparation of the financial statements of the consolidated accounts.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the independent auditors of SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge are KPMG 
AS, whose partners are members of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske 
Revisorforening), who have audited both SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge consolidated and non-consolidated 
accounts, without qualification, in accordance with the laws, regulations, and auditing standards and 
practices generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing as of and for each of 
the two financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively.   
Websites 
The website of SpareBank 1 SMN is https://www.sparebank1.no/en/smn/personal.html.  
The website of SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is https://www.sparebank1.no/en/nord-norge/personal.html.  
The website of SpareBank 1 Østlandet is https://www.sparebank1.no/en/ostlandet/personal.html. 
The website of SpareBank1 Sørøst-Norge is https://www.sparebank1.no/nb/sorost/privat.html. 
The information contained on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Prospectus, unless specifically incorporated by reference and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers and 
their affiliates in, the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or Issuers’ affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers 
consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
THE ISSUERS  
 
SpareBank 1 SMN 
Søndre gate 4 
N-7467 Trondheim 
Norway 
 
SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
Fokserødveien 12,  
3241 Sandefjord 
Norway 
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge
SpareBank 1 Østlandet
Storgata 65
Strandgata 15 
N-9008 Tromsø 
2317 Hamar 
Norway 
Norway 
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities Europe SA
16, boulevard des Italiens
51 rue La Boétie
75009 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale  
Mainzer Landstrasse 16 
60311 Frankfurt am Main
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Germany 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe
J.P. Morgan SE
38, avenue Kléber  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
75116 Paris 
60310 Frankfurt am Main
France 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
UBS Europe SE
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,  
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d’Esch
L - 2953 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS
Allen & Overy LLP
PO Box 1524 Vika 
One Bishops Square 
N-0117 Oslo
London E1 6AD
Norway 
United Kingdom

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 
To SpareBank 1 SMN 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Sentrum 
Postbox 748 
N-0106 Oslo 
Norway 
 
To SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6 
Postboks 7000 Majorstuen 
0306 Oslo 
Norway 
To SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge 
To SpareBank 1 Østlandet 
KPMG AS
Deloitte AS
PO 6262
PO Box 221 Sentrum
N-9292 Tromsø 
N- 0103 Oslo 
Norway
Norway