--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
SPAREBANKEN SØR BOLIGKREDITT AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note (Premium) Programme 
Under the €8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note (Premium) Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) may from time to time issue covered bonds issued in accordance with the Act and the Regulations (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may be) (the Notes which term shall include, 
so far as the context permits, VPS Notes (as defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (the VPS Notes) settled through Euronext VPS, the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository (formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or another regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the Official List) and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer has further requested that the Central Bank 
send to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the NFSA) in its capacity as the competent authority in Norway (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, for purposes of listing Notes on the Oslo Børs ASA's regulated market (the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Each of the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References 
in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been either admitted (i) to the Official List and to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or (ii) to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to the relevant Series (as defined below). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”, as the case may 
be) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin (if listed on Euronext 
Dublin). Copies of the Final Terms in relation to the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin.  
The Issuer has been rated "A1” by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (Moody’s). Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom (UK) and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Union (EU) and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation, which is available on the ESMA website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) (last updated on 10 July 2024). Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes (as defined below) may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference 
rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute 
such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
 
Commerzbank 
Danske Bank 
DNB Markets  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nordea 
SEB  
Swedbank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 September 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor will they undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions in respect 
of the loans and other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool (as defined herein), but will instead 
rely on the obligations of the Issuer under the Act and the Regulations. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or 
the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and of the Cover Pool.  Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for 
or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS 
None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any environmental 
or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or gives 
any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green” 
or similar labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the Green Loans (as defined in “Use of Proceeds”), any verification of whether 
the Green Loans meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in 
“Use of Proceeds”) nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) for any Notes issued 
as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular 
Green Loans. The Green & Sustainability Bond Framework, the Second-Party Opinion (as defined in “Use of

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Proceeds”) and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be 
available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.sor.no/felles/om-sparebanken-sor/about/investor-relations/green-
and-sustainability-bond-framework/ but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as 
to the suitability or content of such materials. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and/or transfer of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, Norway), the UK and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor 
should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) 
Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) and, in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of persons 
domiciled in Norway, unless in (i) compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and (ii) the 
registration in Euronext VPS (as defined herein) – or another central securities depository which is properly 
authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to the CSD Act/CSDR (as 
defined below) – of VPS Notes (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II (as defined 
above) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars, NKR, NKr or 
NOK refer to Norwegian Kroner, GBP, Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling, yen refer to Japanese Yen, and 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .................................................................................................................................... 8 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................................................. 27 
Form of the Notes .................................................................................................................................................. 29 
Applicable Final Terms .......................................................................................................................................... 32 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes .................................................................................... 42 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes ............................................................................................................... 63 
Use of Proceeds ...................................................................................................................................................... 83 
Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds ....................................................................... 84 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS .......................................................................................................................... 88 
Sparebanken Sør Group ......................................................................................................................................... 90 
Summary of the Swap Agreements ........................................................................................................................ 95 
Book entry settlement in respect of VPS Notes ..................................................................................................... 99 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................... 100 
Subscription and Sale ........................................................................................................................................... 102 
General Information ............................................................................................................................................. 105

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
Overview of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, if 
appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300OQVF8I8FNWOB83 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under 
“Risk Factors” below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note (Premium) Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Danske Bank A/S, DNB Bank 
ASA, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Nordea Bank Abp, 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ), 
UniCredit Bank GmbH and any other Dealers appointed in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
Sparebanken Sør 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in euro, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Extendable Obligation: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity applies.  
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies and the Issuer has both 
(a) received approval from the NFSA to extend the maturity of the 
relevant Notes by 12 months and (b) failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Notes (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms) in full on their Maturity Date, then the 
Issuer’s obligation to pay any unpaid part of such Final Redemption 
Amount will be automatically deferred until the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes”, as the case may be), provided that any amount representing 
the Final Redemption Amount (or any part of it) due and remaining 
unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any 
unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date 
falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date (or any earlier Interest Payment Date 
on which the Notes are redeemed in full). 
The NFSA may grant such maturity extension approval if (i) either 
(A) there is, in the opinion of the NFSA, both (1) reason to assume 
that the Issuer will be placed under resolution in the near future and 
(2) no reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the 
Issuer from failing or (B) the Norwegian Ministry of Finance (the 
Ministry of Finance) having resolved to place the Issuer under 
resolution or public administration proceedings and (ii) there is, in 
the opinion of the NFSA, a reasonable prospect that the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of the Notes and (where applicable) the 
Coupons will be met within 12 months.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Each Note (other than VPS Notes) will on issue be represented by 
either a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, by a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable for 
Notes in definitive form. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title.  Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting 
of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS. VPS Notes will not be 
exchangeable for bearer Notes and vice versa.  See “Form of the 
Notes” below.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis 
of the Reference Rate set out in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
as provided in Condition 3.2(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 3(b)(iv) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions — Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 6 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes. In the event that any such  deduction is 
made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Cross-Default and other Events of 
Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross-default provision or 
any other events of default. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are covered bonds eligible for the label “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” (No.: obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett 
(premium)) and are issued on an unconditional and unsubordinated 
basis and in accordance with the Norwegian Act on Financial 
Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. 
april 
2015 
nr. 
17 
om 
finansforetak 
og 
finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and the Regulations of 9 December 
2016 No. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups 
(forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og 
finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations). The 
Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Act (together, the Covered Bonds), together with the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Swaps (as defined in the section 
“Summary of the Swap Agreements”) and any other derivative 
instruments entered into by the Issuer for hedging purposes in 
connection with the Covered Bonds (the Covered Bond Swaps), 
have, according to the Act, an exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised 
claim against a cover pool of certain registered eligible assets (the 
Cover Pool) upon public administration of the Issuer.  See also 
“Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds 
(Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)” below. 
Overcollateralisation: 
Pursuant to the terms of the Act, the Issuer is required to ensure that 
the prudent market value of the assets in a Cover Pool shall at all 
times exceed the value of the covered bonds with a preferential claim 
against the Cover Pool (derivative contracts taken into account) 
(Overcollateralisation). A higher level of Overcollateralisation may 
be set through regulations passed by the Ministry of Finance under 
the Act. Pursuant to the current Regulations the Issuer is required to 
ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 5 per 
cent. at all times. The Issuer has contractually agreed to provide a 
minimum level of overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool as set out 
in Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and Condition 2(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes. Such level of contractually agreed Overcollateralisation 
will be subject to change in accordance with any higher level imposed 
by applicable Norwegian legislation from time to time. See further 
“Risk 
Factors 
– 
Risks 
related 
to 
Notes 
generally 
— 
Overcollateralisation” below. 
Liquidity requirements: 
The Issuer has established systems for prudent liquidity management 
for the purpose of meeting its payment obligations in respect of 
interest and principal due and payable on the Covered Bonds issued 
by it from time to time in accordance with the requirements of the Act 
and Regulations.  See “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation 
regarding Covered Bonds (Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)”, and 
“Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS – Overdraft Facility Agreement” 
below. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be admitted to trading on either the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin or the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the relevant Series.   
 
The applicable Final Terms will state the relevant regulated 
market(s).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save for 
Condition 2.1 (and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes which will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian Law. 
 
The VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law, save for Conditions 2(a), 8, 9, 10, 
11 and 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
conditions which will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law. 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 
2019 No. 6 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act) which 
implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian 
law, and any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and 
procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced 
from time to time. The holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the 
rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise 
under the CSD Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer, sale and/or transfer of the Notes in the United States, the 
EEA (including, for these purposes, Norway), the UK and Japan. 
Further restrictions may be required in connection with any particular 
Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, 
TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme and has identified a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
and ability to make payments under the Notes. In addition, factors which the Issuer believes are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
The Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all 
The Issuer’s lending is to a large extent made on longer terms than the Issuer’s borrowings. Therefore, the Issuer 
is dependent on its ability to refinance borrowings upon maturity. Depending on overall market conditions, there 
is a risk that the Issuer will either be unable to refinance its borrowings or that it will be required to do so at a cost 
significantly higher than originally anticipated. 
Market turmoil caused by economic or policy factors, including (among other things) persistent high inflation, 
slowing economic growth, war and armed conflicts, the prospect of interest rate hikes from central banks, 
monetary policy or the effects of contagious diseases (such as the coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic) may cause 
increased volatility in financial markets and may cause the market to be more difficult to access at times. Further, 
negative economic developments and geopolitical tensions and disturbances may have an adverse effect on the 
global financial markets. This instability may make it difficult (or more expensive) for the Issuer to refinance its 
borrowings when required. This could in turn adversely impact the Issuer's ability to pay amounts due under the 
Notes (see also risk factor entitled "Default on mortgage loans in the Cover Pool may lead to the Issuer being 
unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes" below). 
The Issuer is dependent on maintaining its credit ratings in order to be able to refinance its borrowings on 
commercially reasonable terms, as credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which the Issuer is able to 
obtain funding. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer, the Cover Pool or the Sparebanken Sør Group, 
such as unexpected financial losses, deterioration of the residential property market in Norway, adverse regulatory 
changes or a downturn in the international or domestic financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, 
the Programme and/or any outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the 
Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing 
costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, 
undermine confidence in (and the competitive position of) the Issuer and/or limit the range of counterparties 
willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer. Any of these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in 
refinancing its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all and ultimately adversely impact the Issuer’s 
ability to make timely payment on the Notes. 
If the Issuer fails to refinance any outstanding Notes on their scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer may defer 
repayment of such Notes until a later date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for such Notes and the Issuer has received 
a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval from the NFSA. 
Default on mortgage loans in the Cover Pool may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes 
For a number of years, low interest rates, low inflation, higher house prices, a favourable tax regime and increased 
disposable income for households in Norway have led to a continued strong growth in demand for real estate, and 
consequently loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. 
The growth in demand for loans in recent years, especially in the residential mortgage market, has led to significant 
growth in the levels of indebtedness, which in turn has increased the potential financial vulnerability of some

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
residential mortgage borrowers. A high percentage of Norwegian residential mortgage borrowers, which 
constitutes the majority of the Issuer’s exposure, have floating interest rate mortgages, and are consequently 
exposed to the risk of interest rate increases. The majority of the residential mortgages included in the Issuer’s 
Cover Pool are subject to floating interest rates. During 2023 and 2024, mortgage interest rates have increased 
substantially compared to previous levels, and the Norwegian Central Bank (Nw. Norges Bank) has indicated that 
interest rates may be held higher for longer than previously anticipated. Even a moderate rise in interest rates may 
lead to a significantly higher interest burden, and a material reduction of disposable income, for residential 
mortgage borrowers who have taken on high levels of debt.  
The Issuer cannot rule out that borrowers whose mortgages are included in the Cover Pool may experience a 
sudden loss of income going forward. Default in respect of the Issuer’s assets included in the Cover Pool could 
jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes on a timely basis. The Norwegian economy is a 
small and open economy easily affected by global macroeconomic events and developments. A further escalation 
of the war in Ukraine or the geopolitical tensions in the Middle East could result in further geopolitical instability, 
trade restrictions, supply chain disruptions, increased energy prices and global inflationary pressure, which in turn 
could have further adverse impacts in the regional and global economic environment. These and other geopolitical 
factors may have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy which may lead to borrowers being unable 
to meet their payment obligations on their loans. This could in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Notes.  
 
Inflation in Norway has continued to rise over the past year two years, driven in large part by increased prices on 
electricity, oil and gas. In addition, devaluation of NOK against major currencies has made imported goods more 
expensive. Food prices have also risen significantly due to increased global commodity prices, increased 
production costs and a potential price-wage spiral, where persistent inflation in the cost of goods and services may 
lead to higher wage demands from employees, which could cause further inflation. If the relevant interest rates 
rise or stay persistently high and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income (whether in absolute terms or relative to 
their expenses), borrowers may be unable to meet their payment obligations on their mortgages. In particular, 
increases in the Norwegian policy rate combined with high inflation, may cause difficulties for borrowers to meet 
their payment obligations on their mortgages, and consequently adversely affect the Issuer’s capability to service 
the Notes and comply with regulatory requirements. 
Default in respect of the Issuer's assets included in the Cover Pool (as defined below) could jeopardise the Issuer's 
ability to make payments on the Notes in full or on a timely basis. If a material amount of assets in the Cover Pool 
were to default, there is no guarantee that the required level of assets within the Cover Pool could be maintained 
or that the Issuer would be in a position to substitute non-defaulting assets for defaulting assets or add a sufficient 
amount of new assets to the Cover Pool to comply with regulatory requirements. 
If borrowers default on their mortgage loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to realise 
the value of the collateral securing these mortgage loans. When collateral is enforced, a court order may be needed 
to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and to enable a sale by executive measures. If, in the context of an 
enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant court decision or the real estate market in Norway 
substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the mortgage 
loan. Further, should the prices of real property and the housing market in Norway substantially decline, the value 
of the Issuer’s collateral for its mortgage loans will be adversely affected and may result in the Cover Pool not 
containing sufficient assets to meet all covered liabilities and/or comply with applicable overcollateralisation 
requirements. Any failure to recover the full amount of the Issuer’s mortgage loans could jeopardise the Issuer's 
ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, which are backed by payments from the mortgage loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
The Issuer is dependent on the competitiveness of Sparebanken Sør and the demand for its products 
Due to high competition among mortgage lenders in the Norwegian mortgage market, the refinancing ratio for 
mortgages in Norway is quite high, which causes the pool of mortgage loans in the Issuer’s Cover Pool to reduce 
over time. To avoid a reduction of the Cover Pool, the refinanced mortgage loans must be replaced by new eligible 
mortgage loans to retain the total volume of mortgages in the Cover Pool over time. The mortgage loans included 
in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are originated by Sparebanken Sør and subsequently transferred to the Issuer in 
accordance with the Loan Transfer Agreement (as defined below). Sparebanken Sør’s ability to originate 
mortgages depends on its competitive market position and the demand for its products. 
A decrease in the demand for Sparebanken Sør’s mortgage loans may lead to less than expected mortgages being 
transferred from Sparebanken Sør to the Issuer. Less mortgage loans being transferred to the Cover Pool may

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, such as the statutory or contractually 
agreed level of Overcollateralisation or the Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes. 
Public administration of the Issuer and halt to payments from the Cover Pool may lead to Noteholders not 
receiving the full amount due on the Notes 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, timely payments shall be made on the Notes for so long as the 
Cover Pool is in material compliance with the statutory requirements under the Act and the Regulations. Public 
administration of the Issuer will not in itself be sufficient cause for termination or similar remedy by the 
Noteholders or the providers of the Swaps (the Swap Providers). The public administration board may take any 
action considered necessary to ensure that the holders of the Notes and the Swap Providers receive agreed and 
timely payment on the Notes and the Swaps, including selling assets in the Cover Pool and issuing new Notes and 
entering into new derivative instruments with recourse to the assets in the Cover Pool pari passu with the 
Noteholders. 
If it is no longer possible to make timely payments to Noteholders or Swap Providers, the public administration 
board shall set a date to halt payments. Where a halt to payments is introduced, the further administration in 
respect of the Issuer shall continue in accordance with Norwegian Bankruptcy law. The administration board shall 
as soon as possible inform the Noteholders and the Swap Providers of the fact that a halt to payments has been 
determined, the effective date of such halt to payments, as well as any other decision presumed to be of material 
interest to the Noteholders.  
The size of each claim with a right of priority to the assets included in the Cover Pool will be calculated as at the 
date on which the halt to payments takes effect. The calculation shall establish the present value of the relevant 
claim, as duly discounted in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations. 
 
To the extent that Noteholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the Cover 
Pool following a halt to payments, they will be able to prove for the balance of their claims as unsecured creditors 
of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of any other assets of the 
Issuer not included in the Cover Pool (or any other cover pool maintained by the Issuer). The Noteholders would 
in such case rank pari passu with any other holder of Notes, Swap Providers and the other unsecured, 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s assets are insufficient to cover all unsecured, unsubordinated 
claims in full, Noteholders could be unable to collect the full balance of their claims against the Issuer. 
The Issuer is reliant on Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps 
In order to hedge its interest rate risks and currency risks, the Issuer enters into Interest Rate Swaps and Currency 
Swaps with various Swap Providers (as defined in the section “Summary of the Swap Agreements”). A well-
functioning derivative market is essential for the Issuer in order to be able to enter into Interest Rate Swaps and 
Currency Swaps on commercially attractive terms or at all, and any disruption in the market for such Swaps or 
the Issuer’s access thereto could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s ability to manage its interest rate risks and 
currency risks in an adequate fashion. Such a disruption could also increase the refinancing risk for the Issuer if 
the Issuer in such scenario would find itself restricted from issuing Notes in other currencies than NOK and/or 
with a different interest profile than the assets in the Cover Pool. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer 
under a Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Swap. 
The Issuer’s default under a Swap due to non-payment or otherwise will suspend the relevant Swap Provider’s 
obligation to make further payments under that Swap, and the relevant Swap Provider may on certain conditions 
terminate the relevant Swap.  
If a Swap Provider is no longer obligated to make payments under a Swap, and exercises its right to terminate a 
Swap or defaults on its obligations to make payments under a Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in 
interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable). In addition, if the Swap Provider or its guarantor, as 
applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions 
contained in the relevant Swap Agreement, such Swap Agreement may be terminated. In any such scenario, the 
Issuer may encounter difficulties entering into a replacement Interest Rate and/or Currency Swap (as applicable) 
on commercially acceptable terms or at all.  
If an Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap is terminated due to the Swap Provider’s default, and unless a 
replacement Swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on its Notes in 
case of material fluctuations between either (i) for Interest Rate Swaps, the interest rates payable on the Cover 
Pool Assets and the applicable interest rate for the Notes, or (ii) for Currency Swaps, the currency of the Cover 
Pool assets and the currency of the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
If a Swap Provider suffers a rating downgrade and the affected Interest Rate Swaps or Currency Swaps, as 
applicable, cannot be transferred to an eligible replacement Swap Provider, the rating of the Notes may be 
adversely affected as a result.  
 
Termination payments for Swaps may reduce the value of the Cover Pool 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps or the Currency Swaps are terminated, the Issuer may as a result be obliged to 
make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider. The amount of the termination payment will be based 
on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap, as the case may be. Any 
termination payment to be made by the Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank pari passu with claims for payments 
due to the Noteholders. Consequently, if the Issuer is unable to make the termination payment to the relevant 
Swap Provider from its own funds, the Cover Pool may be used to make such termination payments which will 
reduce the value of the Cover Pool for other preferential claims, such as the Notes.  
Operational and compliance risks  
The Issuer’s business involves operational risks. Operational risks are defined by the Issuer as the risk of incurring 
losses, including damaged reputation, due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control routines or by 
external events that affect operations. The Issuer conducts its business subject to compliance risks (including the 
effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and voluntary codes of practice in Norway and other markets 
where the Issuer operates). There is a risk that the Issuer’s risk management strategies and procedures are not 
sufficient, which may expose the Issuer to unanticipated or unidentified risks. Further examples of relevant 
operational and compliance risks the Issuer is exposed to are the following (but not limited to):  
Settlement risk: e.g. the possibility that the Issuer has already paid a counterparty or given irrevocable instruction 
for a transfer of cash or securities, but the corresponding delivery of cash or securities, or, as the case may be, 
return payment does not settle at the agreed time as a consequence of default or a failure in the relevant settlement 
system.  
Risk of failure to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules: The Issuer’s compliance 
risk management systems and policies may not be fully effective in preventing all violations of laws, regulations 
and rules. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules can put a 
significant financial burden on financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities. 
Any failure by the Issuer or the Sparebanken Sør Group to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including 
those relating to money laundering, bribery, financial crimes, sanctions and other inappropriate or illegal 
transactions, may lead to penalties, fines, public reprimands, damage to reputation, issuance of business 
improvement and other administrative orders, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, adversely 
affect the ability to obtain future regulatory approvals or withdrawal of authorisation to operate. These 
consequences may harm the Issuer’s reputation, resulting in loss of customer or market confidence in the Issuer 
or deterioration of its business environment, and may adversely affect its business and results of operations.   
Risk of failure to comply with data protection and privacy laws and risk of being targeted by cybercriminals: The 
Issuer’s operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to date privacy and protection, 
including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. Juni 2018 nr. 38 om behandling av 
personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection 
Regulation). The requirements of these laws and regulations may affect the Issuer’s ability to collect, process and 
use personal data. Enforcement of data privacy legislation could result in the Issuer being subjected to claims from 
its customers alleging it has infringed their privacy rights, and it could face administrative proceedings (including 
criminal proceedings) initiated by the Norwegian Data Protection Authority. In addition, any enquiries made, or 
proceedings initiated by, individuals or regulators may lead to negative publicity and potential liability for the 
Issuer and the Sparebanken Sør Group. Non-compliance with these standards may lead to the Issuer facing 
substantial fines. 
The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security of the Issuer’s and the 
Sparebanken Sør Group’s systems are essential to its maintaining customer confidence and ensuring compliance 
with data privacy legislation. If the Issuer, the Sparebanken Sør Group or any third party suppliers fails to transmit 
customer information and payment details online securely, or if they otherwise fail to protect customer privacy in 
online transactions, or if third parties obtain and/or reveal the Issuer’s confidential information, the Issuer and the 
Sparebanken Sør Group may lose customers and potential customers may be deterred from using the Sparebanken

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Sør Group’s products and services, which could expose the Issuer to liability and could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Risk of failure to comply with financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision:  The 
Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision, all of 
which are subject to continuous development and updates. Some regulatory requirements are more general in 
nature (e.g. requiring the Issuer to maintain a "prudent" level of risk) while some are more specific, such as 
minimum liquidity requirements and capital adequacy regulations. Generally, there is a trend of increasing 
regulatory scrutiny of the financial service business within which the Issuer operates. Any significant regulatory 
development or increased supervision could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its business, the 
products and services it offers and the value of its assets. Further, such changes may result in increased compliance 
costs and may affect the Issuer’s results of operations. Breach of regulatory requirements may cause regulatory 
action being taken towards the Issuer by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (the NFSA) or other 
Norwegian regulators. 
Liquidity risk relating to revolving mortgage loans: The Issuer owns a portfolio of mortgage loans which are 
structured as personal revolving credit facilities for the borrowers, who can draw down and repay amounts at will 
within a set overall credit limit determined on the same criteria as for standard repayment loans. If the Issuer 
experiences a large demand for drawdowns under such credit limits simultaneously, there is a risk that the Issuer 
may not have sufficient liquid resources to meet the demand. 
The Issuer is dependent on services provided by other Sparebanken Sør Group companies and its brand 
value  
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sparebanken Sør. The Issuer does not have any employees of its own, 
and is thus dependent upon receiving labour force and services from Sparebanken Sør in order to carry on its daily 
business. The Issuer is also dependent on the “Sparebanken Sør” brand in its covered bond issuances and relies 
on the positive perception by investors of the brand. The Issuer will thus be dependent on the other Sparebanken 
Sør Group companies in order to succeed in its business. 
Should there be any disruptions to and/or negative impact on any Sparebanken Sør Group companies and/or 
should the brand value of the Sparebanken Sør Group substantially deteriorate, this may have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, as well as affecting the credit rating of 
the Issuer. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. If the Issuer converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates.  
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval may lead to deferral of the Maturity Date by 12 months   
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies. If Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for any Series of Notes and the Issuer has both (i)

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
received approval from the NFSA to extend the maturity of the Notes by 12 months (a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval) and (ii) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes in full on their Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer’s obligation to pay any part of the Final Redemption 
Amount not paid by the Issuer on the scheduled Maturity Date will automatically be deferred until the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount (or any part of it) due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the 
Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
The NFSA may grant a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval if (i) either (A) there being, in the opinion of the 
NFSA, both (1) reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under resolution in the near future and (2) no 
reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing or (B) the Ministry of Finance has 
resolved to place the Issuer under resolution or public administration proceedings and (ii) there is, in the opinion 
of the NFSA, a reasonable prospect that the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the relevant Notes and (if applicable) 
Coupons will be met within 12 months. Furthermore, a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval may only be 
granted if such maturity extension does not affect the Noteholders’ order of priority. 
In the event that the objective triggers for a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval are met, a subsequent 
declaration on the Issuer’s bankruptcy or resolution would not affect the Statutory Extended Final Maturity. 
The Issuer is not required to notify the Noteholders of such automatic deferral. The Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date will, if applicable, fall 12 months after the Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any 
unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) 
the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in 
respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the 
Issuer. However, failure by the Issuer to pay (i) the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date and/or (ii) any interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date 
falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date shall constitute a 
default in payment by the Issuer. 
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, as provided 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms notwithstanding that the relevant Note was a Fixed Rate Note as at its relevant Issue Date. 
In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may change 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are specified to be “Green Bonds” in the applicable Final 
Terms (such notes being referred to in this Base Prospectus as Green Bonds). It will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of Green Bonds specifically for Green Loans (as defined 
in “Use of Proceeds”), as described in the Issuer's Green & Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in “Use 
of Proceeds”).  
The Green & Sustainability Bond Framework is available for viewing on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/organisasjon/green-sustainability-bond-framework-2022.pdf. The Green & 
Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Compliance with the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework is monitored by the Green and 
Sustainability Bond Committee, which currently comprises the CEO, CFO, Executive vice president Corporate 
Market and Executive vice president Group Support of Sparebanken Sør and the head of Treasury, Group Finance 
Analysist and CEO of the Issuer. The Green & Sustainability Bond Framework may be amended or updated from 
time to time by the Green and Sustainability Bond Committee without the consent of Noteholders and none of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers assumes any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to 
the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date 
of publication of the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that the use of such net proceeds for any Green 
Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Loans. Neither the Arranger 
nor any Dealer shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Green 
Bonds. Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in 
any such Green Bonds and must determine for themselves the relevance of the information set out in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes 
or may be classified as, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or investment that may 
finance such project is evolving. No assurance can be given that a clear definition, consensus or label will develop 
over time or that, if it does, any Green Bonds will comply with such definition, market consensus or label. In 
addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to investors that 
any Green Bonds will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any “green” or “sustainable” 
or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy Regulation including the 
supplemental delegated regulations related thereto) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law 
in the UK by virtue of the EUWA, and, accordingly, the status of any Green Bonds as being “green” or 
“sustainable” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
Bonds and in particular with any Green Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor 
should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion, report or certification is only current as at the date that 
opinion, report or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Investors in such Green Bonds shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are included, listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner summarised in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms, there can be 
no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will be capable of 
being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Loans. Nor can there be any 
assurance that such Green Loans will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event of default under the Green Bonds or otherwise result in 
the Green Bonds being redeemed prior to their maturity date. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Green Loans as mentioned 
in the previous paragraph and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as mentioned above may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance 
Green Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
There is no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green targets of the Issuer. Therefore, 
payments of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect of any Green Bonds and rights to accelerate 
under the Green Bonds will not be impacted by the performance of Green Loans funded out of the proceeds of 
issue (or amounts equal thereto) of the Green Bonds or by any other green, social or sustainable assets of the 
Issuer. 
Any event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to 
Green Loans, and/or withdrawal or amendment of any opinion or certification in connection with any Green 
Bonds, or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters 
for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any Green Bonds no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market or any particular segment of any 
exchange or market as described above, and/or mismatch between the maturity of a Green Loan and the duration 
of any Green Bonds, and/or any failure by the Issuer to provide or publish any reporting or any impact assessment 
on the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) or meet any other environmental or sustainability targets from 
any issue of Green Bonds will not:  
(i) 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer, the Arranger and/or any Dealer; 
(ii) 
constitute an event of default under the Notes or a breach or violation of any term of the Green Bonds; 
(iii) 
constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, or permit any Noteholder to accelerate the Green 
Bonds or take any other enforcement action against the Issuer; 
(iv) 
lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer 
in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds 
or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes;  
(v) 
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of such Green Bonds to cover 
losses; or 
(vi) 
result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of any 
Green Bonds, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any Green Bonds. 
However, such event or failure may adversely affect the reputation of the Issuer and could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other notes, including (without 
limitation) Green Bonds which are intended to finance other Green Loans and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool will consist of loans which are secured on residential properties or on title documents relating to 
residential properties, holiday homes, claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against providers of Covered 
Bond Swaps and certain substitution assets. All assets in the Cover Pool must comply with the terms of the Act 
and the Regulations. If the prudent market value of the residential property securing the Mortgage Loans in the 
Cover Pool were to decline, the value of the assets in the Cover Pool will be proportionally reduced and may fall 
below regulatory and contractual requirements. This may ultimately lead to the Issuer being unable to issue further 
covered bonds and/or not being able to repay principal and interest due on the Notes.  
Overcollateralisation  
The Issuer is obligated under the Act to ensure that the value of the assets of the Cover Pool at all times exceeds 
the value of the covered bonds with preferential claims against the Cover Pool (taking into account the effects of 
derivative contracts) (Overcollateralisation). The Ministry of Finance is authorised to pass regulations setting a 
minimum requirement as to Overcollateralisation. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Regulations stipulate 
that the Issuer must ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 5 per cent. at all times. 
In addition, the Issuer has contractually agreed to provide a similar minimum level of Overcollateralisation in the 
Cover Pool, as set out in Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 2(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. Such level of contractually agreed 
overcollateralisation will be subject to change in accordance with any higher level imposed by applicable

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Norwegian legislation from time to time. However, Noteholders should be aware that the Overcollateralisation 
maintained by the Issuer does not guarantee that the preferential claim of Noteholders on the Cover Pool would 
be sufficient to ensure payment of all amounts due to Noteholders in the event of the Issuer's insolvency.  
The Issuer is not obliged to increase the Overcollateralisation percentage if any rating assigned to the Notes is 
reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer 
does not commit to ensure that any specific rating of the Notes will be upheld until maturity. 
Furthermore, provided that the Issuer complies with the Act and the Regulations at all times, failure by it to comply 
with the contractually agreed level of Overcollateralisation will not in itself prevent the Issuer from issuing further 
Notes, refinancing existing Notes or acquiring new mortgage loans into the Cover Pool. In such circumstances, 
Notes may have a claim against the Issuer for breach of contract or for other specific relief, subject to English law 
generally. 
When calculating overcollateralisation according to Norwegian legal requirements, certain loan-to-value 
thresholds must be observed. For residential mortgages, an 80 per cent. loan to value limit applies, while for other 
property mortgages, a 60 per cent. loan to value limit applies. The portion of the loans exceeding the relevant 
loan-to-value limit should not be included in the calculation of Overcollateralisation. If there are indications that 
the value of a mortgaged property in relation to which the associated mortgage loan has been included in the 
Cover Pool has declined materially relative to general market prices, the Issuer must ensure a review of the 
valuation of that property by a valuer who possesses the necessary qualifications, ability and experience to execute 
a valuation and who is independent from the credit decision process. Consequently, if the value of a mortgage 
property declines significantly after the mortgage loan has been included in the Cover Pool, this could result in 
(greater) parts of the relevant mortgage loan than exceeding the applicable loan-to-value threshold, in which case 
a lower amount of the mortgage loan than at the time of its inclusion in the Cover Pool would be able to count 
towards the Overcollaterlisation requirement, even if the mortgage loan is fully performing.  
A breach of the Overcollateralisation requirements may lead the NFSA to take actions to the Issuer and may 
prevent the Issuer from refinancing outstanding Notes at maturity by issuing additional Notes. For more 
information on Overcollateralisation, see “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds”. 
No events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do 
not include any events of default, the occurrence of which would entitle the Noteholders to accelerate the Notes 
and it is envisaged that Noteholders would only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Notes as and 
when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes, as the case may be. The absence of any events of default from Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes may make it less likely that the 
Noteholders will recoup their investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
Substitution assets in the Cover Pool 
The Issuer is obliged to keep certain substitution assets (which constitute a part of the Cover Pool), such as a cover 
pool liquidity buffer which shall cover the net outflows over the next 180 days of the relevant covered bond 
programme and only consist of receivables eligible for inclusion in that buffer. Pursuant to the Issuer's policy 
guidelines on substitution assets, substitution assets shall mainly consist of liquid government paper and highly 
rated financial instruments and covered bonds. 
The market value of the instruments and claims included as substitution assets in the Issuer’s Cover Pool is subject 
to, among other things, the inherent credit risk related to each instrument or claim and general market risks such 
as spread risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and currency risk. Interest rate risk and currency risk will in general 
be hedged by the Issuer. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be changed without the consent of Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, 
without the consent of holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, agree to any modification of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of Notes other than VPS 
Notes and the Couponholders as described in Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee may agree to amend the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders provided that either (i) 
such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material 
respect, or (ii) such amendment is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (iii) 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. 
The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, 
setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
Depending on the nature of the relevant modification or amendment, any such modification or amendment could 
impact the market value of the Notes. 
Issuance of definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade  
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE REGULATORY, POLITICAL AND LEGAL ENVIRONMENT OF THE 
ISSUER  
 
Regulatory changes may have an adverse impact on the Issuer and the Notes 
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision, all 
of which is subject to continuous development and updates. Overall, there is a trend of increasing regulatory 
scrutiny of the financial services business within which the Issuer operates. Any significant regulatory 
development or increased supervision could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its business, the 
products and services it offers and the value of its assets. Further, such changes may result in increased compliance 
costs and may affect the Issuer’s results of operations. 
The Norwegian law governing the issuance of covered bonds has recently been reformed by the implementation 
of the EU Covered Bond Rules (as defined below) into Norwegian law on 8 July 2022 and, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, there are no precedents as to how the provisions will be interpreted by Norwegian courts or other 
judicial authorities. Therefore, there is a certain legislative uncertainty with respect to how the interpretation of 
the EU Covered Bonds Rules may affect the Notes, which could have an adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes.  
There are risks that certain “benchmark” rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the 
future, which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such 
“benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR), 
have become the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing 
such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation entered into force 1 January 2018 in general, subject to certain transitional 
provisions. Certain requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply with respect to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates in order to support market participants in developing 
contractual fallback provisions for a scenario in which EURIBOR may permanently cease to exist. On 4 December 
2023, the working group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Also, in 2019, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK started its work with exploring 
an alternative reference rate and consequences of a discontinuation of NIBOR. In 2019, it recommended a 
modified NOWA as the alternative reference rate for NIBOR, which from 1 January 2020 has been administered 
by the Norwegian Central Bank (Nw. Norges Bank). The working group continued its work through 2020 by 
establishing two subgroups comprising a group for market standards and fallback provisions and a group for 
exploring the establishment of an Overnight Index Swap (OIS) market in NOK. On 28 September 2020, the 
working group published a consultation paper on fallback provisions and term and spread adjustments between 
NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of NIBOR. The consultation paper was updated by the working group 
in November 2021. Subsequently, in December 2021, the working group published guidelines on the use of 
NOWA in financial contracts and as a fallback solution. Since 29 April 2021, the Norwegian Central Bank has 
been publishing a NOWA compounded index and compounded NOWA averages to further support the use of 
NOWA as a reference rate for financial products. 
Investors should be aware that the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, provide for certain fallback arrangements for the purpose of 
determining the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, any component part thereof) applicable to an issue of 
Floating Rate Notes.  
If Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be 
determined (any such Notes, Relevant Notes), such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that, upon 
the Issuer determining that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, 
component part thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined by the Issuer (having consulted with an

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Independent Adviser) by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, either case, an Adjustment Spread, in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (as described more fully in the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes). 
An Adjustment Spread is either (a) the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the 
relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference 
Rate);  
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
relevant Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied);  
(iii) 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for transactions which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by such Alternative Reference Rate; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(v) 
the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its 
discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective of 
reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders.  
The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Relevant Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. In addition, the application of an Adjustment Spread could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such Adjustment Spread will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, the Issuer may also determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser) that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant 
Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described 
above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, 
in the case of Relevant Notes, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and 
Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing , or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a “benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.Other regulatory developments 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through 
increased regulation of financial institutions and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions. This has 
resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation, which may 
have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or on the incentives 
for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved 
significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being commonly 
referred to as Basel III (Basel III). Basel III provided for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential rules, 
including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for global 
systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial institutions and certain 
minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (NSFR). BCBS member countries agreed to implement Basel III from 1 January 2013. In December 2017, 
the Basel Committee published proposed amendments to the Basel III framework (such changes being commonly 
referred to as Basel IV), and the BCBS members originally agreed to implement Basel IV from 1 January 2022, 
subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements up to January 2027. In response to 
Covid-19, the BCBS decided to postpone the implementation by one year. On 27 October 2021, the European 
Commission proposed to implement Basel IV with effect from 1 January 2025 with transitional arrangements 
applying over a future five-year period (the Basel IV Proposal). On 24 January 2023, the European Parliament’s 
Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee (ECON) announced the adoption of draft reports on the Basel IV 
Proposal and on 27 June 2023, the European Council announced that negotiators from the European Council and 
the European Parliament reached a provisional agreement of the Basel IV Proposal. As implementation of Basel 
IV requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as 
well as the treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible assets or not), may be subject to some level of national 
variation. It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have been made for insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework for 
Europe. 
On 17 December 2021, the Ministry of Finance published a legislative proposal on implementation of Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162 (the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain 
amendments to Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (CRR) (collectively, the EU Covered Bond Rules). 
The legislative proposal was based on a consultative paper by the NFSA on 13 January 2020, and took effect on 
8 July 2022. Implementation of the new EU Covered Bond Rules imposed new requirements on the Issuer such 
as an increased Overcollateralisation requirement (from 2 to 5 per cent.), a new liquidity buffer requirement of 
180 days and objective triggers for exercise of extendable maturity (also known as ‘soft bullet’) rights by the 
Issuer. 
Currently, Norwegian covered bonds comply with Article 129 of the CRR (as amended by Regulation 2019/2160) 
and therefore qualify for a 10 per cent. risk weighting in eligible European jurisdictions. However, the Issuer 
cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory developments described above will impact the treatment of the 
Notes. Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above (and 
any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other 
applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. No predictions can be made as 
to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise, and the implementation of the regulatory 
developments described above may have an adverse effect on the Notes and their value. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The value of the Notes will be affected by market interest rates 
Investments in Fixed Rate Notes involve a risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the life 
of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets typically changes on a daily basis. As the market 
interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. Consequently, if 
the market interest rate rises, the value of the Fixed Rate Notes declines accordingly. 
Investment in Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating reference rates such as EURIBOR, CIBOR, 
NIBOR and STIBOR as applicable and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating reference rate levels make it 
impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Furthermore, where the Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
do not provide for a minimum rate of interest above zero per cent., investors may not receive any interest payments 
during one or more interest periods if the applicable reference rate decreases or increases to a certain level. 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay current interest but instead are issued at a discount from their nominal value. The 
difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity and reflects 
the market interest rate. Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the market interest rate. The market values of Zero Coupon Notes tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer 
the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes. 
Liquidity risk 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of 
investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have a significant impact on 
the secondary market for the Notes and investors may have to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their 
principal amount. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Currency exchange rate risk and currency exchange control 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks occur for the Issuer if the present value of assets and liabilities, including derivatives, in 
foreign currencies do not coincide. However, the risk is limited by the use of Currency Swaps and by matching 
interest rate flow with the maturity of loan and other assets of the Issuer. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes.  
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Notes are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Notes will constitute obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory preference to the assets in 
the Cover Pool pursuant to the Act and the Regulations, and the Notes will not be obligations of, or guaranteed 
by, any other member of the Group or any other person. An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. In addition, an investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant 
Notes and there can be no assurance that the Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under 
the Notes. No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes 
shall be accepted by any other member of the Group or any of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap Providers or 
any other party to the transaction documents relating to the Programme.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published and filed with the Central Bank, shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
together with the independent auditors’ report thereon (an English translation is available on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.sor.no/globalassets/financial-reporting/2022-annual-report-sparebanken-
sor-boligkreditt.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
together with the independent auditors’ report thereon (an English translation is available on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.sor.no/globalassets/financial-reporting/2023-annual-report-sparebanken-
sor-boligkreditt.pdf; 
(c) 
the interim unaudited financial statements of the Issuer for the six month period ended 30 June 2024 (an 
English translation is available on the website of the Issuer at https://www.sor.no/globalassets/financial-
reporting/2024-q2-report-sparebanken-sor-boligkreditt.pdf); 
(d) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 33-50 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 51-67 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 
28 June 2018 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+2018_5941632f-e20b-412d-820b-d2d790829d0f.pdf); 
(e) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 37-57 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 58-77 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 5 
July 2019 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_f9250088-6c45-
4c67-af8d-506a33296df6.pdf); 
(f) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 36-56 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 57-76 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 
29 June 2020 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3fda4e3d-
1da0-4cd2-8753-0bdcf14cd8bf.pdf); 
(g) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 39-59 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 60-80 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 8 
July 2021 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/obligasjonslan/sor-boligkreditt/sparebanken-sor-boligkreditt-2021-
base-prospectus.pdf);  
(h) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 42-63 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 64-84 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 9 
September 2022 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/obligasjonslan/sor-boligkreditt/sparebanken-sor-boligkreditt-2022-
base-prospectus.pdf); and 
(i) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” (pages 42-62 inclusive) and 
“Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” (pages 63-83 inclusive) set out in the base prospectus dated 
29 September 2023 relating to the Programme (available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/obligasjonslan/sor-boligkreditt/2023-base-prospectus-sparebanken-
sor-boligkreditt.pdf.  
The auditors’ reports outlined in (a) and (b) above constitute accurate and direct translations of the Norwegian 
originals. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached or, 
in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
NOTES (OTHER THAN VPS NOTES) 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, 
in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against 
presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required 
by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in 
such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for 
(a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The 
holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon either 
(a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
9 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Agent. 
The exchange upon notice or the exchange at any time upon an Exchange Event should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Notes are issued in denominations comprising a minimum Specified Denomination (such as 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount (such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)). Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons relating 
to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due 
has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void 
at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 29 September 2023 
and executed by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes”), 
the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned 
to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a 
single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  Legal title to 
the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS.  On the issue of such VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the VPS Agent (the VPS Letter), which 
letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of the Final Terms attached thereto.  On 
delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the applicable Final Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to 
Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Agent will credit 
each subscribing account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will only 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa. 
GENERAL 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Applicable Final Terms 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 
as it forms part of United Kingdom (UK) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio 
management[,/and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined 
below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II)]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of sales to 
EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the [United Kingdom (UK)/UK]. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Date] 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300OQVF8I8FNWOB83 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note (Premium) Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
18 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in these Final Terms, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
the website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the base prospectus dated 
[28 June 2018/5 July 2019/29 June 2020/8 July 2021/9 September 2022/29 September 2023] [[and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [date(s)]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 September 
2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in these Final Terms, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This 
document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at the website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.]

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [ ]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [ ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[ ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ][Issue Date][Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[]] 
9. 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity: 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[ ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[ ]; in each case falling 12 months after the 
Maturity Date] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date:  
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [ ] 
per cent. Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph 15/16/17 below)] 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date:  
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[ ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [ ] 
per cent. Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph 15/16/17 below)] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[From [Fixed Rate to Floating Rate][Floating 
Rate to Fixed Rate] with effect from [ ]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(see paragraph 19/20 below)] 
14. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(i) 
Period to (but excluding) the Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 15(i)) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year, from and including [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Period from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 15(ii)) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year, from and including [ ], up to and 
including the Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s): 
 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(i) 
Period to (but excluding) the Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 16(i)) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent): 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Rate: 
[ ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(ii) 
Period from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 16(ii)) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent): 
[[ ] shall be the Calculation Agent][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Rate: 
[ ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 5.2: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days  
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Notes in definitive form [on 60 days’ notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Notes 
in definitive form on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Notes 
in definitive form [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][ ]  
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Notes 
in definitive form: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS: 
By: ................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] / 
[admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange 
Regulated Market] with effect from [ ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin and listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin] / [Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated 
Market] with effect from [ ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes calculated by reference to a benchmark 
only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is 
defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 apply] such 
that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[ ] by [ ]. 
[[Each of ][ ] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) and is on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
ESMA 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Business Purposes][Green Bonds][●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general business purposes and/or Green Bonds, 
will need to include those reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
6. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Euronext VPS, the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository  
Organisation number [ ] 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from 
the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS 
Notes] 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
rules applicable or TEFRA rules not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Form of 
the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered Bond (Premium) (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett (premium)) issued by Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) in accordance with Chapter 11, 
Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 
10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and Chapter 11 of the 
Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups (forskrift 9. desember 
2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations). 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
(as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 29 September 2023 and made between the Issuer, and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and any other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached 
on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of Notes and shall, in 
relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue 
Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restricted from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 29 
September 2023 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin), the applicable

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  If the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area, the applicable 
Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock 
exchange and otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. When used in the Conditions, Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and 
provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and the Paying 
Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes of each Tranche constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that have been provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool as covered bonds 
(obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations and 
(ii) the rights of providers of Covered Bond Swaps. 
2.2 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as any of the Notes is outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act and 
the Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined below) with

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
respect to the Notes shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Covered Bonds and the Issuer’s obligations under Covered Bond Swaps having recourse to such 
Cover Pool, provided that to the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is stipulated in 
any applicable legislation from time to time, such level of overcollateralisation shall be the minimum 
level required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2.2. 
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes 
or Zero Coupon Notes. 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest Period means 
the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.2(a)(ii) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; 
or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
(ii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(iii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone interbank 
offered rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or the Stockholm interbank 
offered rate (STIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 3.2(b)(A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of 3.2(b)(B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at 
the Specified Time, the Reference Banks Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Reference Banks Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Reference Banks Agent with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Reference 
Banks Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Reference Banks Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Reference 
Banks Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Reference Banks Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:  
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 3.2(b)(ii), the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate,  
then the following provisions shall apply to the Notes:    
(A) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (on the terms 
described in Condition 3.2(d)(B) below), as soon as reasonably practicable, to consult with the 
Issuer in determining: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate,  
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than twelve Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the Issuer Determination Cut-off 
Date), for the purposes of determining all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(d)).  
(B) 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.2(d) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, as applicable, for any determination made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 3.2(d). 
(C) 
If a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 3.2(d): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall subsequently be used in place of the relevant Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(d)); 
(2) 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 3.2(d));

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(3) 
the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser  and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion 
specify: 
(x) 
changes to the Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (i) the Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Specified 
Time and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (ii) the 
method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation 
to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer determines are reasonably 
necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the 
relevant Original Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 3.2(d)); and 
(4) 
promptly (and in any event no later than ten Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
and the determination of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, any Adjustment Spread, the 
Issuer shall give notice thereof (including, in the case of the appointment of an 
Independent Adviser, the name and contact details of such Independent 
Adviser) and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to 
Condition 3.2(d)(C)(3) to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11. 
(D) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) a Successor Reference Rate 
or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 3.2(d) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 3.2(b)(ii). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the relevant Adjustment 
Spread as described in this Condition 3.2(d) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 
3.2(d)(C)(3), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or 
any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if required).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.2(d), the Agent is not obliged to concur with the 
Issuer in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 3.2(d) which would 
have the effect of (i) exposing the Agent to any liability or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protections, of the Agent in the Agency Agreement and/or the Conditions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.2(d), if in the Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation 
under this Condition 3.2(d), the Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct 
the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
In the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the relevant Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Alternative Reference Rate; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(v) 
the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, 
in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the 
objective of reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders; 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that (i) the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or (ii) the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser, determines is most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; or  
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders using 
such Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3.2(d); 
Original Reference Rate means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 
3.2(d); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to it. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2, whether by the 
Agent, the Reference Banks Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.3 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of a Series 
of Notes 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes 
and the Issuer has both (i) received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval and (ii) failed to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Note shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3.3 on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date upon which 
the Notes are redeemed in full and the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to Condition 3.5. 
In such circumstances, the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period falling after the Maturity Date, and the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of such Interest Period, shall be 
determined by the Agent (or such other party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions” are applicable for the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, Condition 3.1 mutatis mutandis or (ii) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that “Floating Rate Note Provisions” are applicable for the period from

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, 
Condition 3.2 mutatis mutandis, as applicable, and (in each case) the applicable Final Terms. 
This Condition 3.3 shall only apply to a Series of Notes if (i) Statutory Extended Final Maturity is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and (ii) the Issuer has both (A) received a Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval in respect of such Notes and (B) failed to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount in full on the Maturity Date, and in such circumstances the maturity of such Notes will be 
automatically extended to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5.1. 
3.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall 
for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 below) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date or, 
as the case may be, the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment 
in question has been made. 
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
4.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(d) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5.8); 
and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in 
the next paragraph. 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Issuer has both (i) received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval and (ii) failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, then (subject 
as provided below) the Issuer’s obligation to pay any part of the Final Redemption Amount not paid by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall be deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies, any relevant Swap Provider and the Agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least 4 Business Days in London prior to the Maturity Date of 
any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Notes on 
that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties (other than the Agent) shall not affect 
the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
Where the applicable Final Terms provides that Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies to the Notes 
and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, a failure by the Issuer to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.5, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on an Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and in accordance with Condition 11, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 6) or any change in application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measure available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date).  In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 11 below not less than 15 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from 
(and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 5.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 below at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 below not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the 
notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their 
instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global 
Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for 
notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.4 shall be 
irrevocable. 
5.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.2: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
5.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
5.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.6 above (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Conditions 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4 above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount  calculated as provided in Condition 
5.5(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Norway; 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of their 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 4.5). 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer); and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
9. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4.  Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall 
only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency or of a Paying Agent failing to become or ceasing 
to be a participating foreign financial institution for the purposes of the Code, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor paying agent. 
10. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due 
in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7. 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by 
those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, 
for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding 
not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and 
on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, made to correct a manifest or 
proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date 
from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons (and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes 
and the Coupons) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to 
Condition 2.1 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it) which is 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 15.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute 
as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 15.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(c) 
This Condition 15.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only.  To 
the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
15.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 
Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London, EC2V 7EX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process 
in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act or ceasing 
to be registered in England, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Dispute.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
16. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the Act, Section 
11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from time to time; 
Covered Bond Swaps means the Issuer’s obligations under the Swaps and any other derivative 
instruments entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds; 
Covered Bonds means the Notes and any other covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Act and the Regulations; 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than loans) 
which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from time 
to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a 
Currency Swap Agreement; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge the 
Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been hedged 
by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider under 
an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
Rating Agencies means Moody’s Investor Service Limited or any other rating agency that rates any or 
all of the Issuer’s covered bonds (including Notes issued under the Programme), including in each case 
its successor;  
Register means the register of Covered Bonds required to be maintained pursuant to the Act and 
Regulations; 
Reference Bank means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Reference Banks Agent; 
Reference Banks Agent means an independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker 
appointed by the Issuer; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, or 
Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR);

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date means the date to which the Issuer’s obligation to pay the 
amount outstanding on the Maturity Date is deferred in the event the Issuer receives a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval; 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval means that the Issuer has obtained approval from the NFSA 
to extend the maturity of a Series of Notes by 12 months as a result of (i) either (A) there being, in the 
opinion of the NFSA, both reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under public administration in 
the near future and no reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing or 
(B) the Ministry of Finance having resolved to place the Issuer under resolution or public administration 
proceedings and (ii) it is, in the opinion of the NFSA, a reasonable prospect that the Issuer’s obligations 
in relation to the VPS Notes and (where applicable) the Coupons will be meth within 12 months; 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person;  
Swap means each Currency Swap and each Interest Rate Swap; and 
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will 
be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by Euronext VPS. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
The VPS Notes are covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered Bond (Premium) (in Norwegian: 
obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett (premium)) issued by Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) in accordance 
with Chapter 11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 
2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and 
Chapter 11 of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups 
(forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the 
Regulations).   
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme and 
each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and subject to an agreement (such agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) dated 18 January 2021 made 
between the Issuer and Sparebanken Sør (the VPS Agent).  
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) (VPS Notes and Euronext VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of the trust agreement (such trust agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 30 June 2017 made between the Issuer and 
Nordic Trustee ASA  (currently Nordic Trustee AS) (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include any 
successor as VPS Trustee). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with the VPS.  
The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect of VPS Notes as 
detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The Final Terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms which complete these Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which complete 
these VPS Conditions. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the VPS Notes from time to time (the VPS Noteholders 
and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these VPS 
Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
A copy of the VPS Trustee Agreement is available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the VPS Trustee at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 Oslo, Norway (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus). 
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the VPS 
Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in these VPS Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS 
Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in the currency (the Specified 
Currency) and the denomination(s) (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination.  VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification 
code in Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice versa. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext 
VPS.  The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one issued on behalf 
of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that are 
in force from time to time.  Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person (other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg)) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee 
and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes.  VPS 
Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from time 
to time. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
(a) 
Status of the VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer that have been provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool as covered bonds 
(obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations and 
(ii) the rights of providers of Covered Bond Swaps. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as any of the VPS Notes is outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act 
and the Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined below) 
with respect to the VPS Notes shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds and the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bond Swaps having 
recourse to such Cover Pool, provided that to the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation 
is stipulated in any applicable legislation from time to time, such level of overcollateralisation shall be 
the minimum level required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2(b). 
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the VPS Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to 
the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(b) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these VPS Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month on which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) above the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (C) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than T2) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR) or the 
Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of 
NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 3(b)(ii)(1), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 3(b)(ii)(2), fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the 
Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the 
Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this paragraph (iii) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this paragraph (iii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:  
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; and

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii)(B), the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate,   
then the following provisions shall apply to the VPS Notes:    
(A) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (on the 
terms described in Condition 3(b)(iv)(B) below), as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
consult with the Issuer in determining: 
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or  
(2) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate,  
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in any such case, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) no later than twelve Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the Issuer Determination Cut-
off Date), for the purposes of determining all future payments of interest on the VPS 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3(b)(iv)). 
(B) 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iv) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the 
VPS Trustee, the Calculation Agent and all VPS Noteholders, as applicable, for any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iv). 
(C) 
If a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread is determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with this Condition 3(b)(iv): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall subsequently be used in place of the relevant Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the VPS Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(b)(iv)); 
(2) 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future payments of interest on 
the VPS Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 3(b)(iv));  
(3) 
the Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion 
specify: 
(x) 
changes to the Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (i) the Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Additional Financial 
Centre(s) and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the VPS Notes and 
(ii) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the VPS Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer determines are reasonably necessary 
to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the VPS Notes for all future payments of interest on 
the VPS Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 3(b)(iv)); and

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(4) 
promptly (and in any event no later than ten Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and 
the determination of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and, in either case, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give 
notice thereof (including, in the case of the appointment of an Independent 
Adviser, the name and contact details of such Independent Adviser) and of any 
changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 3(b)(iv)(C)(3) to 
the Calculation Agent, the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 9. 
(D) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) a Successor Reference 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 3(b)(iv) prior to the 
relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest 
Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B). 
No consent of the VPS Noteholders or the VPS Trustee shall be required in connection with 
effecting the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and, in either case, the relevant Adjustment Spread as described in this Condition 3(b)(iv) or 
such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 3(b)(iv)(C)(3), including for the execution of 
any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the VPS Agency 
Agreement or the VPS Trustee Agreement (if required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(b)(iv), the Calculation Agent is not 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated 
under this Condition 3(b)(iv) which would have the effect of (i) exposing the Calculation Agent 
to any liability or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, 
of the Calculation Agent in the Agency Agreement and/or the Conditions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(b)(iv), if in the Calculation Agent’s 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 3(b)(iv), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as 
to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided 
with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation 
to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
In the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate); 
(2) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the relevant Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(3) 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Alternative Reference Rate; 
or 
(4) 
the  Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the relevant Original Reference Rate, where

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
such rate has been replaced by the relevant Successor Reference Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(5) 
the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, having regard to the objective of reducing or eliminating, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to the VPS Noteholders; 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that (i) the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Periods, or (ii) the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is 
most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(1) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (2)(i); or  
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (4)(i); or 
(5) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (5)(i); or 
(6) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to the VPS Noteholders using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(7) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 3(b)(iv); 
Original Reference Rate means 
(1) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the VPS Notes; or 
(2) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of Condition 3(b)(iv);

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period.  Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the 
VPS Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 9 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.  The notification of any rate 
or amount, if applicable, shall be made to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to 
Euronext VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(viii) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate 
as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in 
such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(ix) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
3, by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on all parties and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of a Series of Notes 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of VPS 
Notes and the Issuer has both (i) received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval and (ii) failed to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
VPS Note shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3(c) on its outstanding nominal amount 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date upon 
which the VPS Notes are redeemed in full and the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to 
Condition 3(d). In such circumstances, the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period falling after the 
Maturity Date, and the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of such 
Interest Period, shall be determined by the Agent (or such other party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with (i) if the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
specify that “Fixed Rate Note Provisions” are applicable for the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, Condition 3(a) mutatis mutandis or 
(ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that “Floating Rate Note Provisions” are applicable for the 
period from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date, Condition 3(b) mutatis mutandis, as applicable, and (in each case) the applicable Final Terms. 
This Condition 3(c) shall only apply to a Series of VPS Notes if (i) Statutory Extended Final Maturity is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and (ii) the Issuer has both (A) received a Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval in respect of such Notes and (B) failed to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount in full on the Maturity Date, and in such circumstances the maturity of such VPS Notes will be 
automatically extended to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such VPS 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such VPS 
Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement).  Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS 
Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the VPS Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with 
the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place.  The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.   
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be effected through

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing Euronext 
VPS.  The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder.  The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating institution with 
Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS Conditions so require, and (iii) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be listed in 
each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(A) 
in London; and 
(B) 
in any Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(C) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which T2 is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne or Wellington, respectively) or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(iv) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 1(i)(h)); 
and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as 
provided in the next paragraph. 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Issuer has both (i) received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval and (ii) failed to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, then (subject 
as provided below) the Issuer’s obligation to pay any part of the Final Redemption Amount not paid by

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall be deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies and the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent and any relevant 
Swap Provider as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 4 business days in London 
prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series of Notes on that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties shall 
not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
Where the applicable Final Terms provides that Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies to the VPS 
Notes and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, a failure by the Issuer to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5(e), the VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on an Interest Payment Date (if this 
VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the VPS Agent and in accordance 
with Condition 9, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment date due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 6) or any change in application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of VPS Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measure available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the VPS Agent to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5(e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum notice period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the VPS Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS 
Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed VPS Notes) will be selected in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to such VPS Notes, not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any VPS 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9 not less than the minimum notice period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes must, within 
the notice period, give notice (the Put Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5(b): 
(i) 
each VPS Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (or as the case may be) the date upon which 
such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such VPS Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner.  Any VPS Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph 5(a), 5(b), 5(c) or 5(d) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount as provided in Condition 5(e)(ii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS 
Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any VPS Note: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Norway; 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes in respect of such VPS Note by reason of their having 
some connection with Norway other than the mere holding of such VPS Note; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition (c)). 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 15) 
therefor. 
8. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction.  VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of Euronext VPS.  
A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, transfer 
or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than 
by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
9. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after 
delivery to Euronext VPS.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
10. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
(a) 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully 
set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes).  Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, Oslo Børs or by VPS Noteholders holding not 
less than 10 per cent.  of the Voting VPS Notes. (For the purpose of this Condition, Voting VPS Notes 
means the aggregate nominal amount of the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise 
deregistered in Euronext VPS, less the VPS Notes owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive 
influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.) 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding not less than 50 per 
cent. in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing holders of Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS 
Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Voting VPS Notes, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount 
of the Voting VPS Notes.  A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding 
on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
(b) 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at 
least two-thirds of the votes cast in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(B) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(E) 
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (i); 
(F) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the 
matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required); 
(G) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(H) 
a change of VPS Trustee; 
save as set out in paragraph (i) above, the VPS Trustee may agree to amendments to the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders provided that 
(i) such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any 
material respect, or (ii) is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (iii) 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make 
such amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice 
obviously is unnecessary. 
11. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
secured to its satisfaction.  VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by the 
Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create and 
issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest 
starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
VPS Notes. 
13. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes) 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Conditions 2(a), 8, 
9, 10, 11 and 12 (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such conditions) 
which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  The VPS Trustee 
Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities 
Depositories, as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights 
and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations 
and legislation. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 14(b)(iii) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the VPS Notes (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 14(b), each of the Issuer and any holders of VPS Notes or 
Couponholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(iii) 
This Condition 14(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the holders of VPS Notes only.  To the extent 
allowed by law, the holders of VPS Notes may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) 
proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 
Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London, EC2V 7EX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process 
in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of 
Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
15. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Agency Agreement means an amended and restated agency agreement dated 29 September 2023 
between the Issuer and the Agent named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time; 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of VPS Notes means an agreement entered 
into between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent for such purposes; 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the person appointed as calculation 
agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation Agency 
Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in 
respect of the VPS Notes; 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the Act, Section 
11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from time to time; 
Covered Bond Swaps means the Issuer’s obligations under the Swaps and any other derivative 
instruments entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds; 
Covered Bonds means the VPS Notes and any other covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)  
issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Act and the Regulations; 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than loans) 
which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from time 
to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a 
Currency Swap Agreement; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Exchange means, for the purpose of these VPS Conditions, the securities exchange or other reputable 
marketplace for securities, on which the VPS Notes are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing 
of the VPS Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in arrear 
on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may 
not be the Issue Date; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge the 
Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been hedged 
by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider under 
an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue of the VPS Note; 
Oslo Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Oslo;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Conditions; 
(b) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the Conditions after that date) have been 
duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in the Conditions and the 
VPS Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions) and remain available for payment of the 
relevant Notes; 
(c) 
those Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(d) 
those Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the Conditions; 
Rating Agencies means Moody’s Investor Service Limited or any other rating agency that rates any or 
all of the Issuer’s covered bonds (including Notes issued under the Programme) including in each case 
its successor; 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent; 
Register means the register of Covered Bonds required to be maintained pursuant to the Act and 
Regulations; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, or 
Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 p.m. (Oslo time, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR); 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date means the date to which the Issuer’s obligation to pay the 
amount outstanding on the Maturity Date is deferred in the event the Issuer receives a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval;  
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval means that the Issuer has obtained approval from the NFSA 
to extend the maturity of a Series of VPS Notes by 12 months as a result of (i) either (A) there being, in 
the opinion of the NFSA, both reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under public administration 
in the near future and no reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing 
or (B) the Ministry of Finance having resolved to place the Issuer under resolution or public 
administration proceedings and (ii) it is, in the opinion of the NFSA, a reasonable prospect that the 
Issuer’s obligations in relation to the VPS Notes and (where applicable) the Coupons will be meth within 
12 months; 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person;  
Swap means each Currency Swap and each Interest Rate Swap; 
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
applied by the Issuer for its general business purposes. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Where the “Reasons for the offer” item of the applicable Final Terms refers to “Green Bonds”, the Issuer intends 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes specifically, to finance or re-finance, in 
whole or in part, Green Loans as set out in the Issuer’s Green & Sustainability Bond Framework (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework) which is available 
for viewing on the Issuer’s website at (https://www.sor.no/globalassets/organisasjon/green-sustainability-bond-
framework-2022.pdf).The Issuer’s Green & Sustainability Bond Framework is based on the International Capital 
Markets Association iteration from 2021, which include Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles as well 
as Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as defined therein). 
“Green Loans” are loans and investments within the Green Loan categories and will be set out in the Green & 
Sustainability Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the address above). Such Green Loan 
categories are outlined in the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework (available on the Issuer’s website at the 
address above) and currently include new and existing mortgages for low carbon residential buildings in Norway 
(Residential Green Buildings). 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to determine 
their environmental robustness) has evaluated the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework and issued a second 
party opinion on the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with 
the Green Bond Principles as published by the International Capital Markets Association from time to time (the 
Second-Party 
Opinion). 
The 
Second-Party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://www.sor.no/globalassets/organisasjon/green-sustainability-bond-framework-second-party-opinion-
2022.pdf. 
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the sustainability bond and green bond markets to continually 
advance the sustainable terms of the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework. Accordingly, the Green & 
Sustainability Bond Framework may be updated from time to time to reflect current market practices or to include 
other assets that promote climate-friendly and/or other environmental or social purposes. The amended Green & 
Sustainability Bond Framework would be subject to the relevant internal and external review processes and a new 
second-party opinion on the Green & Sustainability Bond Framework would be obtained in connection with any 
such amendment. Noteholders would not be entitled to vote on such cases. Any amendments to the Green & 
Sustainability Bond Framework and any new second-party opinion on the Green & Sustainability Bond 
Framework will be published and will be available on the Issuer's website at the addresses above.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION 
REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of Norwegian law governing the issuance of covered bonds 
in Norway, at the date of this Base Prospectus.  The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs covered bonds comprises Chapter 11, 
Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 
10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and Chapter 11, 
Subsection 1 of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups 
(forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the 
Regulations, and together with the Act, the Legislation). 
The EU’s legislation on covered bonds (being Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the Covered Bond Directive) and 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, implementing certain amendments to Art. 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) 
(together, the EU Covered Bond Rules), has been implemented into Norwegian law as of 8 July 2022. 
LEGISLATION 
Under the Legislation, certain Norwegian credit institutions which meet the general definitions of a “Financial 
Undertaking” (finansforetak) and “Credit Institution” (kredittforetak) contained in the Act, and whose articles of 
association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements may issue covered bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett).  The Act defines Credit Institutions as non-banking Financial Undertakings who receive repayable 
assets other than deposits from the public and grant commercial credits and guarantees in its own name.  Credit 
Institutions must hold a license issued by the Ministry of Finance (or pursuant to delegation, by the NFSA) in 
order to conduct business as a Credit Institution.  
In addition, following the implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules into Norwegian law, Credit Institution 
are required to obtain permission for a covered bond programme by the NFSA before issuing any covered bonds 
under that programme for the first time, and furthermore, Credit Institutions must notify the NFSA at least 30 
days prior to the first issuance under that covered bond programme.   
The Issuer is a “kredittforetak”, as defined by the Act and has (i) received the required Credit Institution licence, 
(ii) adapted its articles of association to meet the mandatory requirements, and (iii) obtained approval from the 
NFSA of its covered bond programme under which it may issue covered bonds labelled “European Covered Bond 
(Premium) (No.: obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett (premium)) and consequently, the Issuer may issue such covered 
bonds. 
The Legislation provides that holders of covered bonds (and also counterparties under derivative contracts entered 
into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of claim, on a 
pari passu basis between themselves and the counterparties under derivatives agreements relating to the covered 
bonds, over a pool of certain security assets (the Cover Pool).   
Under Norwegian law, a domestic issuer of bonds (including covered bonds) must issue the bonds in 
dematerialised book-entry form by initially recording such bonds with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository (formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS) or 
in another central securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to 
register such bonds pursuant to the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities Depositories and 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014. However, that registration requirement does not apply if such bonds are either (i) 
denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian residents only, or (ii) denominated 
in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
THE REGISTER 
The Credit Institution must maintain a register (the Register) of the issued covered bonds, the related derivative 
agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and eligible derivative agreements. In 
accordance with the Legislation, a Credit Institution may establish a separate Register for the issue of covered 
bonds relating to a different Cover Pool.  If there is more than one Cover Pool, the Credit Institution must identify 
which Cover Pool a covered bondholder will hold a preferential claim against.  Where a Credit Institution has 
made two or more issues of covered bonds which have a preferential claim against different Cover Pools, eligible

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
derivatives agreements and substitution assets shall be registered and held in separate accounts for each Cover 
Pool. 
Each Register relating to a Cover Pool must at all times contain detailed information on the nominal value of the 
covered bonds, the assets included in the Cover Pool, and the covered bonds and derivative agreements associated 
with the Cover Pool.  Consequently, any Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes in 
relevant information. Registration of such information is not in itself conclusive evidence of the contents of the 
Cover Pool pertaining to the covered bonds, but shall, according to the preparatory works to the Norwegian 
covered bond legislation, serve as strong evidence. 
BENEFIT OF A PRIORITISED CLAIM 
Pursuant to the Act, if a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration 
or is liquidated, the holders of covered bonds issued by the Credit Institution and the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements entered into by the Credit Institution will have an exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised 
claim against the Cover Pool.  The prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating 
to the fees and expenses of the administration board.  According to the provisions of section 6-4 of the Norwegian 
Liens Act of 1980 and section 11-15 of the Act, a future administration board of the Credit Institution will have a 
first priority lien over all of the assets included in the Cover Pool, as security for fees and expenses incurred by 
the administration board in connection with the administration of the Credit Institution. Such statutory lien will 
rank ahead of the claims of holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the relevant derivative 
agreements, but will, however, be limited to 700 times the NOK 1,277 standard Norwegian court fee (which 
currently amounts to NOK 893,900) in respect of each Cover Pool. Payment of expenses for operation, 
management, recovery and realisation of the Cover Pool may also be demanded before the covered bondholders 
and counterparties to the relevant derivative agreements receive payment from the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act, claims of the holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties 
to the relevant derivatives agreements against a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds will rank ahead 
of claims of all other creditors of the Credit Institution with respect to the Cover Pool (save for the priority 
described above granted to an administration board in respect of fees and expenses).  The preferential claims shall 
also apply to funds which are subsequently remitted in accordance with terms of contract applying to assets 
included in the Cover Pool, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied with. 
Pursuant to the Act, loans and receivables included in the Cover Pool may not be assigned, pledged, or made 
subject to any set-off, attachment, execution or other enforcement proceedings.  However, an exemption regarding 
the prohibition against set-off has been made in relation to derivative agreements, as further described in the 
Regulations. 
COVER POOL — COMPOSITION OF ASSETS 
Pursuant to the Regulations, a Cover Pool for covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” may only consist of assets which fulfil the requirements set forth in Article 129 of the CRR, including 
loans secured by various types of mortgages (Mortgages), loans granted to or guaranteed by certain governmental 
bodies (Government Loans), receivables in the form of certain derivative agreements and substitution assets. 
The Mortgages may include residential mortgages, mortgages over other title documents relating to residences 
(together with the former, Residential Mortgages), mortgages over vacation property (which under the 
Legislation, as a general rule, shall be treated as Residential Mortgages) and mortgages over other real property 
(Other Property Mortgages and, together with the former, Mortgages).  The real property and the registered 
assets which serve as security for the loans included in the Cover Pool must be located in a member state of the 
EEA. 
Government Loans must be either guaranteed by or issued by governmental bodies which must meet certain 
requirements under Article 129 of the CRR. 
The main portion of the Cover Pool shall be represented by a certain type of primary cover asset (e.g. Residential 
Mortgages, Other Property Mortgages or Government Loans) (Primary Asset), i.e., the Cover Pool shall 
primarily consist of one certain category of receivables deemed as eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool. 
Substitution assets shall consist of (i) the cover pool liquidity buffer and (ii) other assets eligible for inclusion in 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
which 
are 
not 
Primary 
Assets 
or 
eligible 
derivatives 
agreements. 
 
LOAN TO VALUE RATIOS  
Pursuant to the Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR, when calculating the value of the Cover Pool assets 
consisting of loans secured by Mortgages, the following loan to value requirements apply to:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(1) 
Loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall not exceed 80 per cent. of the value of the relevant property 
(60 per cent. of prudent market value in the case of mortgages over vacation property); and 
(2) 
Loans secured by Other Property Mortgages shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the relevant 
property. 
Should a loan secured by Mortgages exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the 
permitted limit may be included in the calculation of the value of the Cover Pool. Consequently, the portion 
exceeding the relevant ratio may not count towards the 5 per cent. overcollateralisation requirement (as further 
described below in the section headed “Overcollateralisation”). 
If the value of a mortgaged property declines significantly after the loan secured by Mortgages has been included 
in the Cover Pool, this could result in (greater) parts of the relevant loan exceeding the applicable loan- to-value 
threshold, in which case a lower amount of the loan than at the time of its inclusion in the Cover Pool would be 
able to count towards the 5 per cent. overcollateralization requirement. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
The Legislation requires that the value of the Cover Pool for credit mortgage institutions (No.: boligkredittforetak) 
at all times must exceed by at least 5 per cent. the aggregate value of the covered bonds issued by the Credit 
Institution (taking into account the effects of relevant derivative contracts).  
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by Mortgages is required to be 
made on a prudent basis, and such prudent value may not exceed the market value of each individual asset.  The 
estimation of the value is required to be made by a competent and independent person (i.e. a person without 
involvement in the credit granting process) and be documented, and such documentation is required to include 
information on who performed the calculation and the principles on which the calculation was based.  The value 
of residential real property may, however, be based on generally applicable price levels, when this is considered 
justifiable based on the market situation.  
Defaulted loans shall be disregarded for purposes of the valuation, and loans provided to one single customer or 
secured by the same real estate property shall never count in excess of 5 per cent. of the aggregate balance of a 
cover pool.   
The value of derivative agreements and substitution assets included in the Cover Pool shall be set to by calculating 
the prudent market value of such assets, as further detailed in the Legislation.  
In accordance with Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain amendments to Article 129 of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013, the Ministry of Finance has set the overcollateralization requirement for credit mortgage 
institutions to 5 per cent.  
In order to ensure compliance with the above mentioned overcollateralisation requirement, each Credit Institution 
issuing covered bonds is required to establish systems for continued control of the development of the value of 
the Cover Pool assets, and to monitor the development of the relevant market situations.  If developments in the 
market situation or in the situation pertaining to individual assets so warrants, the Credit Institution is required to 
ensure that a renewed calculation of the value is performed. 
LIQUIDITY REQUIREMENTS 
The Act requires that the Credit Institution ensures that the cash flow from the Cover Pool at all times is sufficient 
to enable the Credit Institution to discharge its payment obligations towards the holders of covered bonds and 
counterparties under relevant derivative agreements and projected costs related to operating and winding-up of 
the covered bond programme.  The Credit Institution shall at all times hold a liquidity buffer which shall cover 
the net outflows over the next 180 days of the covered bond programme. Calculation of the liquidity buffer 
requirement for covered bonds allowing for maturity extensions should be based on the extended maturity date. 
Furthermore, the Credit Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net liquidity outflows 
over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (LCR Regulation). 
The liquidity buffer requirements set forth in the LCR Regulation and the cover pool liquidity buffer are 
coordinated so that assets included in the cover pool liquidity buffer may be counted towards the LCR Regulation 
liquidity requirement. 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
An independent auditor dedicated to monitor the cover pool (Cover Pool Monitor) shall be appointed by the 
Credit Institution issuing covered bonds, and the Credit Institution shall notify the NFSA of who it has appointed.  
The Cover Pool Monitor is required to, amongst other things, monitor the Register, and shall at least every three

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
months, review compliance with the Legislation’s provisions relating to the Register, such as requirements related 
to (i) the composition of the Cover Pool, (ii) overcollateralisation, (iii) liquidity, (iv) registration of information 
in the Register and (v) publication of investor information.  
The Credit Institution is required to give the Cover Pool Monitor all relevant information pertaining to its business, 
and the Cover Pool Monitor must be granted access to the Register, and may also request additional information.  
The Cover Pool Monitor shall report its observations and assessments to the NFSA on a regular basis.  
Pursuant to the Regulations, a Credit Institution’s external auditor cannot act as Cover Pool Monitor. The NFSA 
has interpreted this prohibition so that it applies to the audit firm, not only a Credit Institution’s specific auditor. 
COVER POOL ADMINISTRATION IN THE EVENT OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION 
Credit Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may be placed under public administration if the conditions 
for resolution are otherwise met but the Ministry of Finance does not consider that resolution would be in the 
public interest. Public administration entails that the institution's former governing bodies are replaced by an 
administration board (the Board) which assumes control over the institution. The Board will attempt to either 
restructure the institution and continue its business, or in absence of viable alternatives liquidate the institution 
and distribute its assets to the creditors. 
Public administration of the Credit Institution does not in itself give the institution’s creditors the right to 
accelerate claims. 
If a Credit Institution, which has issued covered bonds, is placed under public administration pursuant to the Act, 
and the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, the Board shall ensure that, to the 
extent possible, the holders of covered bonds and counterparties to relevant derivative agreements receive timely 
payment of their respective claims, such payments being made from the Cover Pool for the duration of the 
administration of the Credit Institution. 
If the Board is unable to make timely payments to the covered bondholders or the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements, the Board must set a date for halt to payments, and inform interested parties of this as soon 
as possible.  If halt to payments is initiated, the further administration of the Credit Institution will be conducted 
in accordance with general Norwegian bankruptcy legislation. The covered bondholders and counterparties to 
relevant derivative agreements will in such event continue to have a prioritised claim against the Cover Pool and 
the Board shall, as soon as possible, notify them of decisions presumed to be of material significance to them.  
Any residual claims of the covered bondholders and counterparties to related derivative agreements will remain 
valid claims against the Credit Institution, but will rank equal (pari passu) with other unsecured and 
unsubordinated creditors of the Credit Institution. 
MATURITY EXTENSIONS 
Pursuant to the Legislation, a Credit Institution is permitted to include conditions in the terms of a covered bond 
contract stating that repayment can be postponed in certain circumstances. A Credit Institution will only be 
allowed to extend the maturity of covered bonds if it has received approval from the NFSA to extend the maturity 
of covered bonds as a result of (i) either (A) there being, in the opinion of the NFSA, both (1) reason to assume 
that the Credit Institution  will be placed under resolution in the near future and (2) no reasonable prospect that 
any other action would prevent the Credit Institution  from failing or (B) the Ministry of Finance having resolved 
to place the Credit Institution under resolution or public administration proceedings and (ii) there being, in the 
opinion of the NFSA, a reasonable prospect that the Credit Institution obligations will be met within 12 months, 
provided that in each case such maturity extension may only be granted if the maturity extension does not affect 
the covered bondholder’s order of priority in respect of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS 
 
INTRODUCTION 
The Issuer of Notes under the Programme is Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS. The Issuer is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Sparebanken Sør (Sparebanken Sør or the Bank). 
The Issuer is a limited company incorporated under the laws of Norway and was originally incorporated on 9 
April 2008 under the name Newco Kristiansand 19 AS. On 7 January 2009 the Issuer’s name was changed to 
Pluss Boligkreditt AS. The Issuer’s organisation number is 992 467 002, its registered office is Kristiansand and 
the place of registration is Norway. The Issuer’s registered address is Rådhusgata 7-9, 4611 Kristiansand and its 
telephone number is +47 977 09 200. The NFSA granted the Issuer a licence to become a mortgage credit 
institution on 22 December 2008. On 4 March 2014, Pluss Boligkreditt AS merged with Sør Boligkreditt AS, and 
the newly merged company with organisation number 992 467 002, changed its name to Sør Boligkreditt AS. 
With effect from 6 November 2014, the Issuer changed its name to Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS.  
The Issuer’s objective is to purchase mortgage loans, primarily financed by Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer arranges the purchase and transfer of mortgage loans from Sparebanken Sør and markets the Notes to 
prospective investors. 
OPERATIONS 
Mortgage loans are issued by Sparebanken Sør. To obtain a mortgage loan, prospective borrowers must complete 
an application form which includes providing certain information about themselves, such as household income, 
current employment details, bank account information, current mortgage information (if any) and certain other 
personal information. Information on prospective borrowers’ income is obtained from the public tax register and 
through a credit reference agency search which details public information on historic income, any negative credit 
history, foreclosures/bankruptcy and other economic issues. In addition, an internal credit score of each applicant 
is generated by an automated system, which supports the credit application process. 
The guidelines adopted by the Issuer’s board of directors with respect to the eligibility of transferrable mortgage 
loans and the transfer procedure are set out in the Issuer’s credit policy (the Credit Policy). Eligible mortgage 
loans are assets which are eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool, as determined by the Act and Regulations (as 
amended, varied or supplemented from time to time) and the Credit Policy (Eligible Mortgage Loans). The 
Credit Policy specifies guidelines for the acquisition of mortgage loans from Sparebanken Sør (requirements 
related to the loans, the borrowers and the collateral), the monitoring and reporting of credit risk and any other 
criteria the Issuer’s board of directors may, from time to time, find necessary.  
LOAN TRANSFER AND SERVICING AGREEMENTS 
The Issuer has entered into a loan transfer agreement with Sparebanken Sør to purchase and transfer Eligible 
Mortgage Loans from Sparebanken Sør to the Issuer (the Loan Transfer Agreement). In addition the Issuer has 
entered into a loan service agreement (the Loan Service Agreement) which provides that Sparebanken Sør will 
continue to be the servicer of all mortgage loans transferred to the Issuer and that Sparebanken Sør retains the 
responsibility for handling any demands made by a borrower in respect of its transferred mortgage loans and for 
any losses incurred by a borrower due to operational errors by Sparebanken Sør.  
The Issuer will use available cash and/or draw on the Overdraft Facility (as defined below) to pay for the Eligible 
Mortgage Loans acquired pursuant to the Loan Transfer Agreement. The Eligible Mortgage Loans will be 
purchased by the Issuer from Sparebanken Sør at their market value. The transfer and management of the portfolio 
are handled through electronic software from TietoEvry AS. The system manages the transfer and re-transfer of 
mortgage loans, including the associated collateral, administering of cash flows related to the mortgages, tax 
reporting and notifications to borrowers. 
OVERDRAFT FACILITY AGREEMENT 
The Issuer and Sparebanken Sør have entered into an overdraft facility agreement (the Overdraft Facility). The 
Overdraft Facility shall be applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer including financing payments 
by the Issuer under the Loan Transfer Agreement and under the Covered Bonds, or payments under any related 
derivative contracts.  
RATING

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS has been assigned an A1 issuer rating 
with “positive outlook” by Moody’s. The issued covered bonds have Aaa rating from the same rating agency. 
NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
The Issuer and Sparebanken Sør have entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement). 
The Note Purchase Agreement is entered into as the primary mechanism to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient 
funds to pay the final redemption amount of any issue of Covered Bonds and any related derivative agreements 
on the maturity date thereof. The Note Purchase Agreement shall be read in conjunction with the Loan Facility 
Agreement, which also shall ensure that the Issuer has sufficient access to liquidity to meet its obligations related 
to the Covered Bonds and any related derivative agreements.  
DERIVATIVES ARRANGEMENT 
The Issuer has entered into interest rate and currency swap derivative arrangements with third party banks and 
Sparebanken Sør for the purpose of controlling interest rate risk related to the Issuer’s funding and lending 
operations. See also “Summary of the Swap Agreements” below. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s total equity capital was NOK 4,963 million. The Issuer had paid-in equity of total 
NOK 2,975 million, of which NOK 2,475 million was share capital and NOK 500 million was share premium. 
Retained earnings were NOK 1,988 million. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s total assets were NOK 65,528 million, of which NOK 59,346 million were net 
loans to customers. Issued Covered Bonds were NOK 53,769 million. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of four members. The current directors are as follows: 
Geir Bergskaug 
Chairman, (CEO, Sparebanken Sør) 
Seunn Smith-Tønnessen 
(University Director, Agder University Kristiansand) 
Steinar Vigsnes 
(CFO, Sparebanken Sør) 
Svein Ole Holvik 
(Credit officer, Retail Market) 
The business address for the four members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is the registered address of the Issuer. 
MANAGEMENT 
Marianne Lofthus is the Managing Director (CEO) of the Issuer. The business address of the Managing Director 
is the registered address of the Issuer. 
SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sparebanken Sør and is licensed to operate as a mortgage credit 
institution with the right to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Norwegian covered bonds legislation (as 
amended, varied or supplemented from time to time). The main objective of the Issuer is to ensure stable and 
long-term funding of Sparebanken Sør on competitive terms. All transactions and agreements concluded between 
Sparebanken Sør and the Issuer are on arm’s length terms in accordance with Norwegian corporate law. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
The auditors of Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS.  
CONFLICT OF INTEREST WITHIN ADMINISTRATION, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
There are no conflicts of interest between any commitments to the Issuer by any members of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors or management of the Issuer and their private interests and other duties. 
JURISDICTION 
The Issuer is organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør Group 
 
INTRODUCTION 
The Sparebanken Sør Group (the Group) consists of Sparebanken Sør, the Issuer and Sørmegleren Holding AS 
(which owns the real estate broker Sørmegleren AS). 
 
Company 
Holding1 
Balance sheet value per 30 
June 2024 (NOK million) 
Subsidiaries2 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS 
100.00% 
3,196 
Sørmegleren Holding AS 
90.10% 
25 
Sørlandets Forsikringssenter AS 
100.00% 
7 
Transitt Eiendom AS 
100.00% 
6 
Prosjektuvikling AS 
100.00% 
2 
Associated Companies 
 
 
Frende Holding AS 
20.29% 
442 
Brage Finans AS 
27.57% 
1,007 
Norne Securities AS 
15.14% 
23 
Balder Betaling AS 
23.00% 
232 
 
SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Overview 
Sparebanken Sør is an independent savings bank with its head office in Kristiansand in the Kingdom of Norway.   
Sparebanken Sør is registered in Norway under company registration number 937 894 538 (LEI: 
549300U497VKMF6R3Q14) and has its registered office at Rådhusgaten 7-9, N- 4611 Kristiansand, Norway, 
phone number (+47) 977 09 200. 
The Bank is operating under the Act and the Regulations, and is under the supervision of the NFSA.  
Sparebanken Sør’s equity certificates are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker code «SOR».  
Sparebanken Sør’s long term deposit rating from Moody’s is affirmed as A1 with a positive outlook. 
Principal activities 
Sparebanken Sør is a supplier of all core services within financing, including savings and domestic and 
international payments. The Bank offers general insurance, occupational pensions and group life insurance in 
Frende Forsikring, and leasing in Brage Finans.  
Operations and compliance 
The Group operates in a regulated environment and must conduct its business in compliance with such regulations. 
Regulations include, but are not limited to, anti-money laundering, privacy protection and anticorruption. 
Furthermore, the nature of the business of the Group, and in particular Sparebanken Sør, involves risks of, inter 
alia, embezzlement, insider trading and fraud. Sparebanken Sør covers the operational business and hence the risk 
management of the Group as a whole. The operation of the business of the Group is heavily dependent on IT 
 
 
1  
As of 30 June 2024 
2  
Balance Sparebanken Sør

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
systems, which are exposed to risks of failure or cybercrime, such as Trojan attacks. Any events affecting 
Sparebanken Sør’s ability to carry out its operations on behalf of the Group may affect the Group at large. 
History 
The story of Sparebanken Sør goes back to 1824 when Christianssands Sparebank was established as one of the 
first savings banks in Norway. Sparebanken Agder was formed in 1984 as a result of a merger between 
Christianssands Sparebank and several other local banks. Two other savings banks became part of Sparebanken 
Agder in 1985 and 1986. The name of the Bank was later changed to Sparebanken Pluss in 1988. 
Sparebanken Pluss merged with the former Sparebanken Sør with effect from 1 January 2014. Sparebanken Pluss 
was the surviving entity in the merger, but was renamed Sparebanken Sør, being the same name as the non-
surviving entity. 
Proposed Merger with Sparebanken Vest  
On 28 August 2024, Sparebanken Sør announced that the board of directors of Sparebanken Sør and Sparebanken 
Vest, a Norwegian savings bank, had approved a plan for merging the two banks (the “Proposed Merger”). 
Sparebanken Vest will be the surviving entity and thus assume all of Sparebanken Sør’s assets, rights and 
liabilities upon the completion of the Proposed Merger. The aim is to complete the legal merger within the second 
quarter of 2025, upon which Sparebanken Vest will be rebranded to a name to be decided by the parties.  
The completion of the Proposed Merger is currently conditional upon numerous matters, including among other 
things approval by the general meeting of Sparebanken Sør and Sparebanken Vest (which is being sought primo 
October 2024) as well as the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and the Norwegian Competition 
Authority granting the required permissions for completion without imposing conditions that significantly alter 
the assumptions that the merging parties have made under the merger plan.   
Measured in gross lending as of 30 June 2024, the combined bank will be the largest savings bank in Norway. 
SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS 
Sparebanken Sør Boligkreditt AS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sparebanken Sør, and the company is licensed 
to operate as a mortgage credit institution with the right to issue Covered Bonds in accordance with the Act and 
the Regulations (as amended, varied or supplemented from time to time). The main objective of the company is 
to ensure stable and long-term funding on competitive terms. 
Sørmegleren  
Sørmegleren is the Bank’s real estate company. This real estate business has a dominant position in large parts of 
the Bank’s market areas. In addition to dominating the market for second-hand homes, the company also has a 
very strong position in the new-build market. This is particularly in and around the largest towns of Agder County. 
Sørmegleren has a total of 17 branches and has 97 employees. 
PRODUCT COMPANIES PARTLY OWNED BY SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Frende Holding AS 
Frende Holding AS is the parent company of Frende Skadeforsikring AS and Frende Livsforsikring AS, which 
offer general and life insurance to retail and corporate customers. As of 30 June 2024, Sparebanken Sør has a 20.3 
per cent. ownership interest in Frende Holding AS.  
Brage Finans AS 
Brage Finans AS is a nationwide financial services group that offers leasing and vendor’s lien to the corporate 
and consumer markets. As of 30 June 2024, Sparebanken Sør has a 27.6 per cent. ownership interest and is the 
second largest shareholder. The company was established in 2010 and operates from its head office in Bergen. In 
addition, the company has sales offices in Kristiansand, Porsgrunn, Sandefjord, Stavanger, Haugesund, Ålesund 
and Trondheim. The company’s business includes leasing (leasing financing agreements) and boat and car-
financing to both corporate and retail markets. Distribution of the company’s products takes place through owner 
banks, via retailers of capital goods, and through its own sales force.  
Norne Securities AS 
Norne Securities AS is an investment firm that offers online trading, traditional brokerage services and corporate 
finance services. As of 30 June 2024, Sparebanken Sør has a 15.1 per cent. ownership interest and is the second 
largest shareholder of the company.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Norne has further developed its role as Norway’s leading advisor and issuer of equity certificates in Norwegian 
savings banks. The company has further sharpened its business in two distinct market areas: Online Equity and 
Fund Trading for the retail customer market and Corporate Finance and Investment Advice for the corporate 
customer market and professional investors. 
Balder Betaling AS 
Balder Betaling AS is owned by Sparebanken Sør together with 20 other savings banks. As of 30 June 2024, 
Sparebanken Sør has a 23.0 per cent. ownership interest. The company has an ownership share of 10.6 per cent. 
in Vipps AS and aims to further develop Vipps together with other owners. Sparebanken Sør thus has an indirect 
ownership interest in Vipps AS of 2.43 per cent. 
MARKET POSITION 
Sparebanken Sør has approximately 186,000 retail customers, and 23,000 corporate customers, primarily located 
on the Norwegian southern coast. In its home county, Agder, Sparebanken Sør has approximately 30 per cent. 
market share among retail customers, with around 1 per cent. in Rogaland and 5 per cent. in Vestfold og 
Telemark3. 
The Group’s branch offices are located in the counties of Agder, Vestfold, Telemark and Rogaland. The Group 
also has customers in other geographical areas, who are served by the established offices.  
Of total loans and credits, loans to retail customers account for 64 per cent., whereas the share of lending to small 
and medium-sized companies is 36 per cent. 
According to its internal reports, the Bank has a strong market position in the retail banking market in the regions 
in which it has operations. Digital platforms have, to an increasing extent, characterised the Bank’s 
communication and sales channels. Use of self-service solutions on mobile phones and the internet has grown 
rapidly, and the Bank’s customer service department has seen an influx of enquiries via electronic channels in 
addition to enquiries via the traditional switchboard service. Applications of digital platforms, customer service 
and the Bank’s wide distribution network, have together formed a complete consultancy and service option for its 
customers. 
Sparebanken Sør has continued cooperation with Norway Christian Purchasing Society (KNIF) and will continue 
to focus on this customer segment in the whole of Norway. These customers include hospitals and enterprises 
within the health sector, schools, kindergartens, church organisations and missionary organisations, and children 
and youth organisations. 
 
STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES OF THE GROUP 
Sparebanken Sør’s mission statement is that "we shall create sustainable growth and development for our region" 
and the vision statement is "the future bank of relations", and the values are steady, dedicated and future-oriented. 
The vision underlines that through professional banking operations the Group will be a driving force in 
 
 
3  
Source: Eiendomsverdi AS, a company that develops and supplies information tools and systems to estimate market value (both 
on an individual unit level and on a portfolio level) for the Norwegian residential real estate market.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
development of the social and commercial life of Southern Norway. As an independent organization, Sparebanken 
Sør believes it has an important role to play in enriching society. 
 
To strive towards the vision, the Bank has defined seven strategic ambitions: 
• Financially attractive 
• Relationship banking Retail and Corporate Market 
• Customer first 
• Data-driven 
• Competent and motivated 
• Active society participant 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Knut Ruhaven Sæthre 
Chairperson 
Mette Ramfjord Harv 
Deputy Chairperson 
Merete Steinvåg Østby 
Erik Edvard Tønnesen 
Trond Randøy 
Eli Giske 
Hans Arthur Frigstad  
Tina Marie Kvale 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors of Sparebanken Sør is the registered address of 
Sparebanken Sør.  
 
MANAGEMENT OF SPAREBANKEN SØR 
Geir Bergskaug 
CEO 
Gunnar Thomassen  
Executive vice president (EVP) Corporate Market 
Pål Ekberg 
Executive vice president (EVP) Retail Market 
Rolf H. Søraker 
Executive vice president (EVP) Group Support 
Bjørg Beate Kristiansen 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) 
Gry Moen  
Executive vice president (EVP) Business Support 
Steinar Breen  
Executive vice president (EVP) Strategy and Compliance 
Steinar Heggland Vigsnes 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
Eva Kvelland 
Executive vice president (EVP) Marketing and Communications 
Bente Svensen 
Executive vice president (EVP) Process Improvement 
 
AUDITORS 
The auditors of Sparebanken Sør are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS.  
CONFLICT OF INTEREST WITHIN ADMINISTRATION, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
There are no conflicts of interest between any commitments to Sparebanken Sør by any members of the Board of 
Directors or management and their private interests and other duties. 
JURISDICTION 
Sparebanken Sør is organized under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Summary of the Swap Agreements  
CURRENCY SWAP AGREEMENTS  
The Issuer may enter into currency swaps from time to time with Currency Swap Providers (as defined below) by 
executing ISDA Master Agreements (including the schedule and credit support annex thereto and related 
confirmations) (each such agreement, a Currency Swap Agreement and each of the transactions thereunder, a 
Currency Swap), in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Covered Bonds issued in currencies other 
than NOK and (b) assets forming part of the Cover Pool but denominated in NOK, subject always to the 
requirements as referred to in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds (Obligasjoner 
med fortrinnsrett)” above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Currency Swap Provider 
is/are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Currency Swap Provider, the relevant Currency 
Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, be required to take certain 
remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant 
Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap to be transferred to an entity with 
rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) required 
by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the 
requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its 
obligations under the relevant Currency Swap or taking some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating 
agency. 
Termination events 
The Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the following: 
(a) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under that Currency Swap Agreement and any applicable grace period has 
expired; 
(b) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Currency Swap Provider 
or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Currency Swap Provider without an assumption of its 
obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is made by 
the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the Currency Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Currency 
Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another agreement 
between the Issuer and such Currency Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant 
Currency Swap Agreement by the Currency Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace 
period; 
(c) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of either party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs which renders performance of the obligations impossible; 
(d) 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Currency Swap Provider 
under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement due to a change in law or change in application of the 
relevant law;  
(e) 
if the relevant Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply 
with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement and described above under “Ratings downgrade”; 
(f) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are redeemed (and in the event of a partial redemption, only part of 
the relevant Currency Swap will be terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(g) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are purchased and surrendered for cancellation (and in the event of 
a partial purchase and surrender for cancellation, only part of the relevant Currency Swap will be 
terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(h) 
if the relevant Currency Swap is not registered in the cover pool register; or 
(i) 
a halt to payments occurs with respect to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap Provider may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment will be based on a 
good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering into a swap with terms and conditions 
that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment obligations of the 
parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant 
market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and 
payable prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds 
available to pay amounts due to the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Currency Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Currency Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
The Currency Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a Currency Swap.  However, if, due to a change in law or change in 
application of the relevant law, the Currency Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Currency 
Swap or to receive a payment under a Currency Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, the 
relevant Currency Swap Provider may terminate the relevant Currency Swap. 
The Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Currency Swap Provider will rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims against 
the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps with Interest Rate Swap Providers 
(as defined below) by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including the schedule and credit support annex 
thereto and related confirmations) (each such agreement, an Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each of the 
transactions thereunder, an Interest Rate Swap), in order to hedge the Issuer’s interest rate risks arising from a 
mismatch between floating interest earned on the Issuer’s assets and fixed interest payable on the Issuer’s 
obligations, subject always to the requirements as referred to in “Summary of the Norwegian Legislation 
regarding Covered Bonds (Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)” above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an Interest Rate Swap 
Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Interest Rate Swap Provider, the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, be 
required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations 
under the relevant Interest Rate Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap to be 
transferred to an entity with rating(s) as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance 
with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) as specified in the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to 
become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
or taking some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
(a) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under that Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any applicable grace period 
has expired; 
(b) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider without an assumption 
of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is 
made by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under 
another agreement between the Issuer and such Interest Rate Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision 
of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement by the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not remedied within 
the applicable grace period; 
(c) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of either party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs which renders performance of the obligations impossible or impracticable; 
(d) 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement due to a change in law or change in application of the 
relevant law; and 
(e) 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement and described above under “Ratings downgrade”;  
(f) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are redeemed (and in the event of a partial redemption, only part of 
the relevant Interest Rate Swap will be terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(g) 
if the corresponding Series of Notes are purchased and surrendered for cancellation (and in the event of 
a partial purchase and surrender for cancellation, only part of the relevant Interest Rate Swap will be 
terminable) prior to their scheduled maturity date;  
(h) 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap is not registered in the cover pool register; or 
(i) 
a halt to payments occurs with respect to the Cover Pool. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment will be based on a 
good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering into a swap with terms and conditions 
that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment obligations of the 
parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant 
market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and 
payable prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds 
available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on the 
Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from an Interest Rate Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Interest Rate Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Interest Rate Swap to another entity. 
Taxation, governing law and status 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding 
taxes are imposed on payments made under an Interest Rate Swap.  However, if, due to a change in law or change 
in application of the relevant law, the Interest Rate Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under an 
Interest Rate Swap or to receive a payment under an Interest Rate Swap from which an amount has been deducted 
or withheld, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider may terminate the relevant Interest Rate Swaps. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Interest Rate Swap Providers will rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SWAP PROVIDERS 
The Issuer will only enter into Swaps with entities which are “qualified counterparties” for the purposes of the 
Act and the Regulations. 
DEFINITIONS 
In this section the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a Currency 
Swap Agreement;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider under an 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement;  
Swap means each Currency Swap and each Interest Rate Swap; and 
Swap Provider means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Book entry settlement in respect of VPS Notes 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euronext VPS currently in effect.  The information in this section concerning Euronext VPS has 
been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of Euronext VPS are advised to 
confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euronext VPS.  Neither the Issuer 
nor any other party to the VPS Trustee Agreement, VPS Agency Agreement or the Agency Agreement will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the VPS Notes held through the facilities of Euronext VPS or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
EURONEXT VPS  
Euronext VPS (formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) is a Norwegian 
public limited liability company which is authorised by the NFSA as a central securities depository in accordance 
with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act), which 
implements Regulation (EU) 909/2014 (the CSDR) into Norwegian law, and is licensed to register financial 
instruments in accordance with the CSD Act and CSDR.   
The CSD Act and its ancillary regulation passed thereunder require that, amongst other things, all Norwegian 
notes and bonds issued from time to time shall be initially recorded with Euronext VPS or another central 
securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register such notes 
and bonds pursuant to the CSDR (such notes and bonds, the VPS Securities). However, that registration 
requirement does not apply to notes and bonds which are either (i) issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway 
and denominated in Norwegian Kroner with subscription limited to non-Norwegian residents only, or (ii) issued 
outside Norway in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities registry and, therefore, registration of ownership, transfer and other rights 
to financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry.  Any issuer of VPS Securities will be 
required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS Securities are recorded and registered 
information about such VPS Securities are kept up-to-date, and each investor is required to either (i) have her/his 
own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s holding of VPS Securities at any time or (ii) hold VPS 
Securities in a nominee account with a nominee meeting the statutory requirements in Section 4-3, paragraph 1 of 
the CSD Act or having been approved by the NFSA pursuant to Section 4-3, paragraph 3 og the CSD Act.   
Both the issuer and the investor (or, where relevant, the nominee) will, for the purposes of registration in Euronext 
VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or Norwegian investment 
firm.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Taxation  
NORWAY  
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations for non-resident holders of 
Notes.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws 
of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes.  
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income or withholding tax.  Such 
holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a 
business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Norway levies withholding tax on certain interest payments from Norway. The withholding obligation applies 
only to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to 
the Issuer’s constitution as a credit institution wholly owned by a Norwegian savings bank, and the Issuer not 
having any ownership in non-Norwegian subsidiaries, the Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply 
to interest payments on the Notes. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of 
the Notes.  Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Norway, have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholdings would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may 
be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason 
of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Notes other than VPS Notes – Further Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes – Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. 
 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Subscription and Sale 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 18 September 2024, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and 
any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
UNITED STATES 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes (other than VPS Notes) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  In the case of Notes other 
than VPS Notes, the applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will also 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
JAPAN 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
NORWAY  
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base Prospectus has 
been filed with the NFSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
a) in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total 
consideration to not less than €100,000 per investor; 
b) to "professional investors" (Nw. "profesjonelle kunder") as defined in section 10-6 of the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75; 
c) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in section 10-6 
of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
d) in any other circumstances provided that no other such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no.75. 
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository 
which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act 2019 (Nw. verdipapirsentralloven) and Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014, unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of 
Norway. See also the selling restriction “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” above.  
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
General Information 
AUTHORISATION 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder has been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
board of directors of the Issuer dated 23 November 2023. 
LISTING OF NOTES 
The admission of Notes to the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount (excluding 
accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only 
to the issue of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche.  Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. Application has also been made to the Oslo 
Børs ASA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated 
Market. Each of the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and the Oslo Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a 
regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on https://www.sor.no/felles/om-sparebanken-sor/about/investor-
relations/sparebanken-sor-boligkreditt/:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, VPS Trustee Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
Any English translation referred to in (a) above constitutes an accurate and direct translation of the Norwegian 
original.  
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to settle through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euronext VPS are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Euronext VPS is Tollbugata 2, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL CHANGE 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 30 June 
2024 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
LITIGATION 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (PwC), members of the Norwegian Institute of Public 
Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening) who have audited the Issuer’s financial statements, without 
qualification, in accordance with laws, regulations and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in 
Norway, including the International Standards on Auditing for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023. The address of PwC is Dronning Eufemias gate 71, Postboks 748 
Sentrum, 0106 Oslo, Norway.  
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
Information in relation to the contents of the Cover Pool can be found in the Issuer’s quarterly and annual reports.  
Such reports, translated into English, are published on the website of the Issuer at https://www.sor.no/felles/om-
sparebanken-sor/about/investor-relations/sparebanken-sor-boligkreditt/.   
Save as set out above, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue 
of a Note. 
DEALERS TRANSACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. 
LANGUAGE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
URLs 
References to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual references and are included for 
information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes issued under the Programme to the Official List 
or trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør 
Boligkreditt AS 
 
 
Rådhusgata 9 
 
 
4610 Kristiansand 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
AGENT 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch 
 
 
Debt & Agency Services 
 
 
21 Moorfields 
 
 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS AGENT 
 
 
Sparebanken Sør 
 
 
Rådhusgaten 7-9 
 
 
4611 Kristiansand 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
 
 
Nordic Trustee AS 
 
 
Kronprinsesse Märthas 
plass 1 
 
 
0160 Oslo 
 
 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling 
LLP 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
 
One Bishops Square 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT 
AUDITORS 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
AS 
Dronning Eufemias 71, 
Postboks 748 Sentrum 
0106 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
 
 
 Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorsffsgade 40 
DK – 1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark  
 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
N-0021 Oslo 
Norway  
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Helsinki 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland  
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
 SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock 
I.F.S.C. 
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
UKO2: 2008594330.8