--- Page 1 ---
SPAREBANK 1 SR-BANK ASA
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway)
€10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this base prospectus (the “Programme” and the “Base Prospectus”), SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA (the “Issuer”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” herein (“Senior Preferred 
Notes”); (ii) on a non-preferred basis as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” herein (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”); or (iii) on a subordinated basis as 
provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” herein (“Subordinated Notes”). The Terms and Conditions of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will contain only limited event of default provisions and will not contain any cross-default provisions. The Terms and Conditions of Subordinated Notes will not contain any 
events of default.
Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), registered form (“Registered Notes”) (the Bearer Notes together with the Registered Notes, the “Ordinary Notes”) or 
uncertificated book entry form (“VPS Notes”) cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA ( “Euronext VPS”).
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein.
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” and any additional Dealers appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to purchase such Notes.
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act 
dated 16 July 2019, as amended, on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”) to approve this document as a base prospectus relating to the Notes. The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”), the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus, the economic and financial 
opportunity of the operation of the Issuer or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”).
This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus within the meaning of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus is valid from 10 June 2021 until 10 June 2022 
and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will only apply for the time that this Base 
Prospectus is valid. 
The Issuer intends to request that the CSSF provide the competent authority in Norway (the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (“FSAN”) (Finanstilsynet)) with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Luxembourg Prospectus Law (the “Notification”). The Issuer may request the 
CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) with a Notification. Following provision of the 
Notification, the Issuer may apply for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange (or on the regulated market of any 
other Member State to which a Notification has been made), either together with a listing on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as a single listing. If 
any Notes issued under the Programme are to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a Notification has been 
made), this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any VPS Notes which are to be listed are expected to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt 
Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. Information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding 
Exempt Notes and any Pricing Supplement (as defined below) relating thereto shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus, and the CSSF has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the offering and sale of Exempt Notes or in the related Pricing Supplement to 
which the Exempt Notes are subject.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein 
which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” (the “Ordinary Note Conditions”) and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes” (the “VPS Conditions” which, when taken together with the Ordinary Note Conditions, are referred to as the “Conditions”)) of Notes will be set out in a final terms 
document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be filed with the CSSF and with respect to Notes to be listed on 
any other stock exchange or market will be delivered to such other stock exchange or market, on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of 
Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). Accordingly, in the case of Exempt Notes, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to the applicable Final Terms should be read and construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement unless the context requires otherwise.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any state securities laws and the Notes in 
bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States. The Notes are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) in compliance with applicable securities 
laws.
Each purchaser of a Note will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to restrict the 
resale or other transfer of such Note, as described in this Base Prospectus, and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such 
resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).
Ratings of Senior Non-Preferred and Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Ratings may be 
assigned by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”). Moody’s is not established in the European Union but the rating it may give to the Senior Non-Preferred and 
Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme may be endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As such Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List- registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned by Moody’s to Notes already issued. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 June 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
Ordinary Note Arranger
VPS Note Arranger
J.P. Morgan
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
Dealers (in respect of the Ordinary Notes only)
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Credit Suisse
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC
J.P. Morgan
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Nomura
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
i
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other 
provision or order under the Securities Act.
The VPS Note Arranger is the only party appointed as dealer for the VPS Notes. The Ordinary Note Arranger 
and the Dealers have not been involved in the structuring of the VPS Notes, will not participate in any 
issuances of the VPS Notes and therefore accept no responsibility or liability in connection with the VPS 
Notes (in particular, for any subscriptions to the VPS Notes under the Programme and/or any issuance or 
underwriting thereof).
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and the 
Base Prospectus (and in respect of any Notes, this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms) makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer only and not that of any 
other entities. The Notes are solely obligations of the Issuer and are not obligations of, or guaranteed by, any 
other member of the SR-Bank Group, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers, any 
company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme. As used herein, “SR-Bank Group” means the group comprising the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries. No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the 
Notes will be accepted by any of the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers, any 
company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme.
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set 
out below of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and (in the case of Ordinary Notes listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange) will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms and all documents which 
are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference and 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents form part of this Base Prospectus. In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the 
context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision 
as extended, amended or re-enacted.
The Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger and the Dealers make no representation or warranty as 
to the accuracy or completeness of any such information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers, the 
Ordinary Note Arranger or the VPS Note Arranger as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. Neither the Dealers, the Ordinary Note Arranger nor the VPS Note Arranger accepts any liability 
in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with

--- Page 4 ---
ii
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or any of the 
Dealers.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Ordinary 
Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S. For a description of these and certain 
further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered within Norway or to or for the benefit of 
persons domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes 
and the registration in Euronext VPS of VPS Notes.
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars, all references to 
“NOK” refer to Norwegian Kroner, all references to “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling, all references 
to “yen” refer to Japanese Yen, all references to “SEK” refer to Swedish Kroner and all references to “euro”
and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger and the Dealers do not represent 
that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.

--- Page 5 ---
iii
In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or 
the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Norway), the United 
Kingdom, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to €STR, SONIA, SOFR, LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, NIBOR, CITA, HIBOR, SIBOR, STIBOR, TIBOR and CMS Rates (each as defined in 
the Conditions), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), 
which are provided by the European Central Bank, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”), European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (“DFBF”), Norske Finansielle Referanser, DFBF, EMMI, Hong 
Kong Association of Banks, Association of Banks in Singapore, Financial Benchmarks Sweden AB, JBA 
Tibor and ICE, respectively.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus no provider of any Reference Rate, other 
than EMMI (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of 
NIBOR), appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) the Bank of England, the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank are not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of the BMR and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply such that Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, (a) a “retail investor” means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and (b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, (a) a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the

--- Page 6 ---
iv
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. Consequently no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).
Canada – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be 
made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a 
purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. 
The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. If applicable, pursuant to 
section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with this offering.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Ordinary Note Arranger nor the VPS Note Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
v
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets;
(v)
understand that an investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries only and not that of any other entities; and
(vi)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes which are complex financial instruments unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact the investment will have on 
the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a higher level 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the

--- Page 8 ---
vi
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws or rules.

--- Page 9 ---
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
IMPORTANT NOTICE.................................................................................................................................i
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME..................................................................................2
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................ 12
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS................................................................................................................................... 34
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................. 36
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS ....................................................................................... 38
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 48
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS.................................................................................................................. 52
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT.................................................................................................. 64
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORDINARY NOTES..................................................................... 78
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES................................................................................ 138
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 191
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ............................... 195
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. 202
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................... 203

--- Page 10 ---
2
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes”
and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this section. References to 
“Final Terms” shall be deemed to refer to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The following 
description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
Issuer:
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
The Issuer is a public limited liability company. The Issuer was 
incorporated in Norway on 1 October 1976 with registration 
number 937 895 321.
The Issuer is licensed by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway (“FSAN”) (Finanstilsynet) as a bank and investment 
firm. For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see 
“Description of the Issuer’s Business” and “Management of the 
Issuer” below.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier:
549300Q3OIWRHQUQM052
Website of the Issuer:
https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us.html
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Ordinary Note Arranger:
J.P. Morgan AG
VPS Note Arranger:
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
Dealers:
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A.
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC Continental Europe
J.P. Morgan AG
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Nomura International plc
Société Générale
(in respect of the Ordinary Notes only)
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. Notes may also be issued to third 
parties.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of

--- Page 11 ---
3
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued from time to 
time in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
(see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”) including the following restrictions applicable at 
the date of this Base Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year:
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the issue 
proceeds are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent; see “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.
Under 
the 
Luxembourg 
Prospectus 
Law 
relating 
to 
prospectuses for securities, the CSSF is not competent to 
approve prospectuses for the listing of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months 
and which also comply with the definition of securities in 
Article 2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation.
Registrar:
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Principal Paying Agent and Paying 
Agent:
Citibank, N.A., London Branch is the Principal Paying Agent. 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme is a 
Paying Agent located in Luxembourg.
Transfer Agent:
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Calculation Agent:
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (or such other person appointed 
as such in connection with any Series)
VPS Agent (in the case of VPS Notes):
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
VPS Trustee (in the case of VPS Notes):
Nordic Trustee AS
Programme Size:
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement)
aggregate nominal amount of all Ordinary Notes and VPS 
Notes outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies:
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. 
dollars, Japanese Yen, Sterling, Swedish Kroner and, subject to 
any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions and any 
applicable requirements, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or

--- Page 12 ---
4
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations or directives applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. Unless otherwise permitted by the 
current laws, regulations and directives, Subordinated Notes 
will have a minimum maturity of at least five years.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par 
or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes:
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (in the case of Bearer 
Notes); registered form (in the case of Registered Notes); or in 
uncertificated book entry form (in the case of VPS Notes); as 
described in “Form of the Notes”.
Each Registered Note will be deposited on or around the 
relevant Issue Date with a common depositary or, where 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure (“NSS”), with a common safekeeper, as 
the case may be for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system.
Each Bearer Note will on issue be represented by a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes.
Each Bearer Note (i) will either be issued in new global note 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and will be 
deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date with a common 
safekeeper for the International Central Securities Depositaries 
or (ii) will not be issued in new global note form, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and will be deposited on or around 
the relevant Issue Date with a common depositary for the 
International Central Securities Depositaries.
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS.
Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable for Registered 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances set out in “Form 
of the Notes” below.
Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable for Bearer Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances set out in “Form of the 
Notes” below.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
5
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The margin (if any) relating to such Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms).
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate or 
a minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms).
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Benchmark Discontinuation (not 
applicable to SOFR):
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a 
view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any, and any Benchmark Amendments as described in 
Condition 3(f).
Benchmark Transition Event (applicable 
to SOFR):
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
will replace 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes as described 
in Condition 3(g). 
Reset Notes:
Notes may have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one 
or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the 
relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the Reset 
Period, or (as the case may be) the relevant Reference Bond 
Rate, plus a margin (if any), in each case as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Reset Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Interest on Reset Notes will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as

--- Page 14 ---
6
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Exempt Notes:
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree.
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree.
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree.
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate the redemption 
amount, the scheduled maturity date (which in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, must be at least five years after the issue 
date in respect of such Notes) and will also indicate whether the 
relevant Notes can be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than for taxation reasons or (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) following an 
Event of Default) or whether the relevant Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer (“Issuer Call”) (which, in 
respect of Subordinated Notes, may not take place prior to the 
fifth anniversary of the Issue Date) upon giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice (or, if applicable, not 
less than any other minimum period of notice nor more than 
any other maximum period of notice as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the

--- Page 15 ---
7
case may be, on a date or dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, at the maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
terms as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 5(j) 
applies, if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
redeem Subordinated Notes (subject to the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator).
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 5(k)
applies, if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes or the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be (subject to the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator).
No early redemption of (i) Senior Preferred Notes, (ii) Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or (iii) Subordinated Notes may take place 
without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if and to the extent such permission is required).
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Note which is not an Exempt Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at least 100 per cent. of its nominal value on its 
scheduled maturity date.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their determination and distribution; see 
“Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year” above.
Denomination of Notes:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency; see “Certain Restrictions —
Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above; and 
provided that the minimum denomination of each Note (other 
than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed by the Kingdom of Norway
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless required by law, in which case, 
subject to certain exceptions and the Issuer’s right to redeem 
the affected Notes before their scheduled maturity, such 
additional amounts in respect of interest on such Notes will also

--- Page 16 ---
8
be paid as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders of such amounts of interest as would have been 
received by them had no withholding or deduction been 
required.
Events of Default:
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
contain only limited event of default provisions and will not 
contain any cross-default provisions.
Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default.
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes:
The 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law) at least equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (including deposits) (but in any event senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and other obligations which rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, present and future, from 
time to time outstanding. See Condition 2(a).
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will 
at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and pari passu with claims in respect of Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims.
Subject as set out in the paragraph below, in the event of a 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of 
public administration, claims of the holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes against the Issuer in respect of or arising under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any amounts 
attributable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) 
shall rank:
(i)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(ii)
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity 
Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any;
(iii) in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior 
Securities; and
(iv) junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors.
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive in Norway on 1 July 2021, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank within the class of unsecured 
debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking 
contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive (for the avoidance of doubt, 
should there be any inconsistency between any statutory

--- Page 17 ---
9
ranking introduced in Norway in order to implement the 
provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking as set 
out in the paragraph above, such statutory ranking shall 
prevail).
See Condition 2(b).
Status of the Subordinated Notes:
Subordinated Notes will constitute dated, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations (ansvarlig lånekapital) of the Issuer, 
and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and pari passu with claims in respect of 
Subordinated Parity Securities.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, claims of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes against the Issuer in respect of or arising 
under the Subordinated Notes (including any
amounts 
attributable to the Subordinated Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank:
(i)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(ii)
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity 
Securities;
(iii) in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior 
Securities; and
(iv) junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior 
Creditors.
See Condition 2(c).
Subordinated Notes – Substitution or 
Variation:
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 5(l) 
applies, if at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 17(c) of the Ordinary Note Conditions, the Issuer 
may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i), (if, and to the 
extent, so required), either substitute all (but not some only) 
Subordinated Notes for, or vary their terms so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities 
(as defined in Condition 5(l)), as further provided in Condition 
5(l).
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes –  Substitution or 
Variation:
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 5(m) 
applies, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs 
and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 17(c)
of the Ordinary Note 
Conditions, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(i), (if applicable and to the extent so required), 
either substitute all (but not some only) Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) for, or vary 
their terms so that they remain or, as appropriate, become,

--- Page 18 ---
10
Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined in Condition 5(m)), as 
further provided in Condition 5(m).
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision.
Listing approval and admission to 
trading:
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base 
Prospectus. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Ordinary Notes issued under the 
Programme within the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers in relation to a Series of Notes. In 
particular, Notes may be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, as 
more particularly described on the cover page of this Base 
Prospectus.
Exempt Notes may also be issued which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be Bearer Notes, Registered Notes or VPS 
Notes and whether such Notes are to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Ratings:
Ratings of Senior Non-Preferred and Senior Preferred Notes 
issued under the Programme shall be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement’’. 
Ratings may be assigned by Moody’s. Moody’s is not 
established in the European Union but the rating it may give to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
issued under the Programme may be endorsed by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings assigned to the Notes already issued. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Governing Law:
The Ordinary Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Ordinary Notes will be 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English 
law, save as to Condition 2 of the Ordinary Note Conditions 
which will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Norwegian law.
VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of

--- Page 19 ---
11
or in connection with the VPS Notes will be governed by and 
shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 64 on Central Securities Depositories (the “CSD 
Act”) 
(Nw. 
verdipapirsentralloven), 
which 
implements 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and to the 
extent applicable, the Norwegian Act on Registration of 
Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64 (as amended from 
time to time) and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to 
the rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities which 
arise under these Acts and any related regulations and 
liabilities.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(“Euronext VPS”) and/or any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, other than in relation to 
VPS Notes, which are cleared through Euronext VPS.
Delivery:
The Notes may be settled on a delivery against payment basis 
or a delivery free of payment basis, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including the Republic of Italy
and Norway), the United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes; see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.
United States Selling Restrictions:
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States. Bearer Notes 
will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) 
(“TEFRA D”) or U.S. Treasury Regulations
§1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(“TEFRA C”), unless
the Bearer Notes are issued in 
circumstances in which the Bearer Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below.

--- Page 20 ---
12
RISK FACTORS
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consider carefully all the information contained in this document, including the 
considerations set out below and all documents incorporated by reference herein, before making any 
investment decision.
Any investment in the Notes issued under the Programme will involve risks including those described in this 
section. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that the Issuer may face. Additional 
risks and uncertainties that the Issuer is unaware of, or that the Issuer currently deems to be immaterial, may 
also become important risk factors that affect it or the Notes. Prospective investors should carefully consider 
the following discussion of the risk factors and the other information in this Base Prospectus (including the 
documents incorporated by reference herein) before deciding whether an investment in the Notes is suitable 
for them.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations and could be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with the Notes.
If any of the listed or unlisted risks actually occurs, the Issuer’s business, operations, financial condition or 
reputation could be materially adversely affected, with the result that the trading price of the Notes of the 
Issuer could decline and an investor could lose all or part of its investment. 
In each sub-section below, the Issuer has arranged the risks with the most material risk first, in its 
assessment, considering the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the possibility of their 
occurrence. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s Business
Material deterioration in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers may lead to the Issuer being unable to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes.
As the Issuer’s revenue is derived almost entirely from customers based in Norway, the Issuer and the SR-
Bank Group are directly and indirectly subject to the inherent risks arising from general economic conditions 
in Norway, other economies which impact the Norwegian economy and the state of the Norwegian and global 
financial markets.
If interest rates rise and/or borrowers suffer a decline in income, borrowers may be unable to meet their 
payment obligations on their loans, which may lead to increased disruptions in repayments of loans, as well as 
write-downs and losses for the Issuer, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes. 
If the Issuer’s borrowers default on secured loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to 
realise the value of the collateral securing these loans. When the collateral is enforced, a court order may be 
needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay (if disputed by the borrower) and to enable a sale by 
executive measures. If, in the context of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant 
court decision or the relevant market in which the mortgage or other form of security is established 
substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the loan. 
Any failure to recover the full amount of the loans could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
13
Commercial real estate
As of 31 March 2021, 14.6 per cent. (NOK 30.9 billion) of the Issuer’s total gross loans was related to 
commercial real estate. The commercial real estate portfolio includes loans to owners of commercial 
properties for leasing with long-term contracts such as office buildings, industrial buildings, retail stores and
shopping malls. As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s loans in stage 31 within the commercial real estate sector 
amounted to NOK 65 million, compared to NOK 59 million in the first quarter of 2020.  
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and coupled with the measures taken by the Norwegian government to 
mitigate the pandemic (such as partial lock-down and limitations on crowds of people), tenants within the 
commercial real estate sector, and in particular within the retail store and shopping segments, have faced a 
significant decline in revenue. If the situation persists, this could have a significant adverse impact on such 
companies’ credit quality and, consequently, on their ability to pay their rent. Increased disruptions in 
repayments of rent from tenants will result in reduced revenue for the lessors, which in turn could result in 
disruptions in payment obligations under loans provided by the Issuer.  Disruptions in repayments of loans, as 
well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer may in turn jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes.
Energy, oil and gas exposures
As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s energy, oil and gas portfolio represented 1.2 per cent. (NOK 2.4 billion) of 
the Issuer’s total gross loans. The significant drop in oil prices in the second quarter of 2020 increased the 
risks related to the Issuer’s energy, oil and gas portfolio. As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s loans in stage 3 
within the Issuer’s energy, oil and gas portfolio amounted to NOK 735 million, compared to NOK 570
million in the first quarter of 2020.
Reduced oil prices will continue to impact the oil-related industry, which could result in a material adverse 
effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in this industry. This could have a significant impact on 
oil, gas, oil service and offshore companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective credit quality, 
thus leading to a material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by the Issuer on its loan portfolio 
within this sector.
Shipping and other transport
As of 31 March 2021, loans to customers within the shipping and other transport sector represented 5.6 per 
cent. (NOK 11.9 billion) of the Issuer’s total gross loans. The shipping industry is driven, among other things, 
by demand in international trade and the current COVID-19 pandemic coupled with the substantial downturn 
in the oil market since the second quarter of 2020, has resulted in material decreases in freight volumes and 
rates and corresponding material decreases in the revenues of businesses in the shipping industry. As of 31 
March 2021, the Issuer’s loans in stage 3 within the shipping sector amounted to NOK 477 million, compared 
to NOK 389 million in the first quarter of 2020. If the situation persists, this could have a significant adverse 
impact on such companies’ profitability and, consequently, on their respective credit quality, which in turn 
could lead to a material increase in impairments and/or losses experienced by the Issuer.
Retail trade, hotels and restaurants
As of 31 March 2021, 1.6 per cent. (NOK 3.4 billion) of the Issuer’s total gross loans was related to retail 
trade, hotels and restaurants. As of 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s loans in stage 3 within this sector amounted to 
NOK 9 million, compared to NOK 7 million in the first quarter of 2020. Due to the current outbreak of 
COVID-19, coupled with the measures taken by the Norwegian government to mitigate the pandemic and the 
                                                       
1
Loans and financial commitments in stage 3 are loans and financial commitments that have seen a significant rise in credit risk since 
granting and where there is objective evidence of a loss event on the balance sheet date. Calculated from and including 2018 following the 
transition to IFRS 9.

--- Page 22 ---
14
decrease in tourism, this sector is experiencing a decrease in revenue which in turn might result in disruptions 
in payment obligations under loans provided by the Issuer, as well as write-downs and losses for the Issuer. 
Counterparty defaults may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes
The SR-Bank Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and 
corporate clients. Many of these transactions expose the SR-Bank Group to the risk that the SR-Bank Group’s 
counterparty defaults on its obligations prior to maturity when the SR-Bank Group has an outstanding claim 
against that counterparty. The Issuer’s counterparty risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the 
Issuer cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the counterparty 
exposure. Any such counterparty default may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s cash flows, business, 
financial position and results of operations, with potential adverse consequences on the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes.
The Issuer’s business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive 
environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits
A substantial part of the Issuer’s liquidity and funding requirements are met through reliance on customer 
deposits. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Issuer’s lending and deposit 
spreads. The Issuer is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits or 
its funding costs and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers. 
Although both the interest rates payable by the Issuer on deposits and the interest rates that it is able to charge 
on loans to customers are mainly floating rates, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to reprice its 
floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to repricing gaps in the short or medium term. 
As applicable interest rates on several deposits are close to zero, it may not be possible in the future to offset 
in full or in part a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a corresponding decrease in interest rates 
on deposits, and thus there is a risk that the Issuer may face increased funding costs.   
The Issuer faces fierce competition in the Norwegian retail and commercial banking markets. The Issuer may 
face pricing pressure as competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or offering new services 
at low prices. 
The current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the Issuer’s deposit spreads. The Issuer may not be 
able to lower its funding costs, in line with decreases in interest rates on loans. Interest rates are sensitive to 
several factors that are out of the Issuer’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and 
central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. An increase in interest rates could 
reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by the Issuer’s customers. 
Conversely, a reduction in the interest rates may adversely affect the Issuer through, among other things, a 
decrease in demand for deposits and increased competition in respect of deposit rates and interest rates on 
loans to customers, which in turn could adversely affect the Issuer's funding costs and the Issuer’s ability to 
pay amounts due under the Notes.
The Issuer may not be able to obtain wholesale funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all
Due to changes in customer savings behaviour and relatively high credit demand, the Issuer is dependent on 
sources of capital other than deposits, such as wholesale funding, including issuance of long-term debt market 
instruments. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during 
periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the Issuer.
The recent market turmoil caused by the global outbreak of the COVID-19 virus means that it is currently 
more difficult to obtain wholesale funding on commercially satisfactory terms. If this situation continues for a

--- Page 23 ---
15
prolonged period of time, it could adversely impact the Issuer's funding and ability to pay amounts due under 
the Notes. Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Issuer is able to obtain funding in the 
wholesale market. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer such as a downturn in the international 
or domestic financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, the Programme and/or any 
outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to 
perform its obligations under the Notes, but could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, 
adversely affect the liquidity position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine 
confidence in (and the competitive position of) the Issuer, and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to 
enter into transactions with the Issuer. Any of these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in obtaining
funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
The Issuer is reliant on interest rate swaps and currency swaps
In order to hedge its interest rate risk and currency risk, the Issuer enters into interest rate swaps and currency 
swaps. If a swap provider is no longer obliged to make payments under a swap and exercises its right to 
terminate a swap or defaults on its obligations to make payments under a swap, the Issuer will be exposed to 
changes in interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable). 
A well-functioning derivatives market is essential in order for the Issuer to enter into interest rate swaps and 
currency swaps on commercially attractive terms or at all, and any disruption in the market for interest rate 
swaps and currency swaps or the Issuer’s access thereto, could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s ability to 
manage its interest rate risks and currency risks in an adequate fashion. Such a disruption could enhance the 
refinancing risk for the Issuer if the Issuer in such a scenario finds itself restricted from issuing Notes in 
currencies other than NOK and/or Notes with different interest profile from its other obligations. 
The Issuer is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be 
adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available.
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and communication 
technology (“ICT”) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches and towards 
greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications on smartphones. ICT 
systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, malicious 
hacking, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. ICT systems need regular upgrading to 
meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements and to keep pace with possible expansion 
into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance on information and communication 
technology more broadly. The Issuer may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and 
upgrades may fail to function as planned. 
In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues 
associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, there is a risk that the Issuer could 
face liability for losses due to ICT system failures. There is also a risk that the Issuer could face fines from 
bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable them to comply with applicable banking or reporting 
regulations, including data protection regulations.
The Issuer is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems. Should 
these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil its obligations under the relevant outsourcing contract, 
the Issuer’s ICT systems may be adversely affected. In particular, the Issuer and its customers have been, and 
may in the future become, affected by network problems, which relate to third-party suppliers, and which 
have affected and might affect in the future certain of the Issuer’s internet banking and cash machine 
functions, resulting in service interruptions. A major disruption to the Issuer’s ICT systems, whether under the 
scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material adverse effect on the normal 
operation of the Issuer’s business and thus on its financial condition and the results of its operations.

--- Page 24 ---
16
Cybercrime
The Issuer’s activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT 
crime in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continuously evolving. 
Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Issuer’s internet bank users and include the potential 
unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials as 
well as account and credit card information. The Issuer may experience security breaches or unexpected 
disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the 
Issuer, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation and 
results of operations.
Risk relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-
viability of the Issuer
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”) entered into force. BRRD has been implemented in Norway through amendments to 
Chapter 20 of the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om 
finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 nr. 17) (the “Financial Institutions Act”), which took effect 
on 1 January 2019. The implementing legislation grants authority to the FSAN to implement detailed 
requirements and supplementary regulations in its capacity as resolution authority. 
The Issuer is a Norwegian bank and accordingly falls within the scope of the BRRD as implemented in 
Norway. The only bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or administrative procedures to which a bank such as 
the Issuer could be subject under the laws of Norway, are either resolution pursuant to the tools provided for 
under the BRRD, or winding up by way of public administration as further set out in Chapter 20 of the 
Financial Institutions Act. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which 
enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), 
which may limit the capacity of the firm to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in -
which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing 
institution (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the “general bail-in 
tool”), which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide

--- Page 25 ---
17
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework.
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to 
be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).
If the Issuer becomes subject to resolution as provided for in the BRRD, holders of Notes may be subject to 
the application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their 
investment. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the principal amount or 
any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well 
as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD as implemented in Norway or 
any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value 
of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes 
will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors 
such as depositors.
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool is 
less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a 
holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the firm (which is 
referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). However, any such compensation is 
unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a 
considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation as compared to when amounts may otherwise have 
been due under the Notes.
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes, which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, includes Green Bonds and Eligible Green Loans (as defined under “Use of 
Proceeds” below)) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability 
loss absorption). Any shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into 
equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool and/or other resolution powers as 
outlined above.
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which: (i) the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken); (ii) the relevant authority determines 
that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted; or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required 
by the institution or its group other than for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy 
of a Member State and to preserve financial stability.
In addition to becoming subject to the general bail-in tool, holders of Subordinated Notes may accordingly be 
subject to write-down or conversion into equity as a result of the non-viability loss absorption rules, which 
may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment.

--- Page 26 ---
18
Under the BRRD, there is a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own 
funds and other eligible liabilities (“MREL”) which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in 
order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect (subject to 
transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
of 23 May 2016 sets forth regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology 
for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
On 20 November 2020, the FSAN communicated the MREL requirement for the Issuer, being 34.4 per cent. 
(NOK 37.396 billion) of its adjusted risk weighted assets as of 31 December 2019. Based on the 31 March 
2021 figures, the Issuer must issue approximately NOK 20 billion in new, MREL qualifying instruments in 
order to comply with its current MREL requirement. The MREL requirement determined by the FSAN must 
no later than 1 January 2024 be fulfilled with debt instruments that rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by the Issuer. The Issuer can include senior preferred debt in its MREL calculations until 1 January 
2024. It remains to be seen whether Senior Preferred Notes which are otherwise MREL eligible under the 
BRRD and the CRR (as amended from time to time) will become MREL qualifying instruments under 
Norwegian law and the requirements set by the FSAN from time to time.
Under current Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify 
for the fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed in (which is a 
broader concept). For example, instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less 
than one year may be bailed-in (but would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). Similarly, 
Senior Preferred Notes (which, as noted above, will not be eligible towards the MREL requirement after
1 January 2024 pursuant to current rules) may be bailed-in. Noteholders should therefore be aware that a 
broad range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in any Notes that are bailed-in.
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in Subordinated Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency.
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are unsecured and subordinated. Although Subordinated 
Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a 
significant risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent.
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (referred to herein as 
a “winding-up of the Issuer”), all claims in respect of the Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves, pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities, in 
priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities and junior to any present or future claims of 
Specified Senior Creditors. If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable 
the Issuer to repay the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their 
entire investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims 
of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, 
Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes.
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of 
any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable 
by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
19
There are limited events of default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes
There are limited events of default in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by the Issuer, as described in Condition 8(b) of the Ordinary Note Conditions and Condition 8(d) of the 
VPS Conditions. Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are restricted by the limited events of 
default.
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes
In the event that the Issuer fails to pay interest or principal when due on any Subordinated Note, the holders 
of such Notes shall not be entitled to bring proceedings against the Issuer for payment of such amounts.
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to the Notes
No holder of any Notes or the relative Coupons who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise 
any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes held by the 
relevant Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be.
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 5(k) applies, if a MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Ordinary Notes) and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but 
subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the Ordinary Note Conditions or Condition 10 of the VPS Conditions (as applicable), the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 5(k), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value 
of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be.
Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 5(j) applies, if a Capital Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes) 
occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further 
provided in Condition 5(j), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant 
Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value 
of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 28 ---
20
There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the Subordinated 
Notes, as the case may be.
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator
In addition to the call rights described above under “Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption”, 
Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period of, 
for example, five years. To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must (if, and to the extent, then required by 
the Relevant Regulator) obtain the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator.
Any early redemption by the Issuer of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes is also subject to 
the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent, then required by the Relevant 
Regulator and by the Applicable MREL Regulations).
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by 
the Issuer. The exercise of a call is subject to the Issuer’s discretion, and in addition the Relevant Regulator 
must agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and 
certain other factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will exercise its 
discretionary right to exercise the call and/or that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call, if exercised. 
Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment 
in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable). 
During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the market value 
of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be.
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 5(l) applies, if a Capital Event has occurred or in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(c) of the Ordinary Note Conditions, the Issuer 
may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), substitute all 
(but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 17(c) of the Ordinary Note 
Conditions from English law to Norwegian law), without the requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Securities.
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, where the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 5(m) applies, if a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
17(c) of the Ordinary Note Conditions, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if applicable), substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 17(c) of the Ordinary Note 
Conditions from English law to Norwegian law), without the requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying MREL Securities.

--- Page 29 ---
21
The Terms and Conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one 
or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, 
provided that the relevant Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities or 
Qualifying MREL Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
While the Issuer cannot otherwise make changes to the terms of Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are 
materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Notes as a class, the governing law of Condition 17(c) 
of the Ordinary Note Conditions may be changed from English law to Norwegian law in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability, in the case of the VPS Conditions where not already governed by Norwegian 
law. No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation.
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes as “eligible liabilities”
is subject to uncertainty
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be “eligible liabilities” which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations 
then applicable) of the Issuer (“MREL Eligible Liabilities”). However, there is uncertainty regarding the final 
substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted 
and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event may occur.
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to Condition 
5(i) (if applicable), (i) where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specify Condition 5(k) to be applicable, redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of 
Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specify Condition 5(m) to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of 
Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying 
MREL Securities. See “Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification 
Event Redemption” and “In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes”
for a description of the risks related to an early redemption of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, of Notes.
Brexit may also have an impact on English law governed MREL or regulatory capital issuances, as there is 
currently uncertainty as to whether the FSAN, in its capacity as resolution authority in Norway, would be 
satisfied that any write down or bail-in of these instruments by the FSAN would be recognised by English 
courts for the purposes of Article 55 of the BRRD (regarding contractual bail-in). See further – “Risks 
applicable to Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes: The Subordinated 
Notes may be written down by the Issuer’s shareholders or the Norwegian authorities under the Financial 
Institutions Act” and “In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes”. For 
instance, it is not yet possible to predict any consequent impact of Brexit on any outstanding English law 
governed MREL or regulatory capital issuances by the Issuer.
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or 
no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it.
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one

--- Page 30 ---
22
or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Potential 
investors should be aware that:
(i)
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;
(ii)
they may receive no interest;
(iii)
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected;
(iv)
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;
(v)
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices;
(vi)
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains some 
other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable will likely 
be magnified; and
(vii)
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the 
effect on yield.
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risks entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances.
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of 
the issue price could lose all of his investment.
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of his investment.
There may be no active trading market for the Notes
The Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to 
be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes 
are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending 
upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer.
Although an application has been made for Notes issued the Programme to be admitted to listing on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, there can be 
no assurances that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted 
or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there can be no assurances as to the development 
or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate 
Notes.
The Issuer may issue Inverse Floating Rate Notes which have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate 
based upon a reference rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those Notes are typically more volatile than 
the market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and 
with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the

--- Page 31 ---
23
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes.
Risks related to Notes generally
Defined majorities of Noteholders may approve modifications to or waivers in respect of the Notes.
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority.
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice.
The Ordinary Note Conditions (except for Condition 2) are based on English law in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
Condition 2 of the Ordinary Note Conditions and the VPS Conditions are based on Norwegian law in effect as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, all of the VPS Conditions are based on Norwegian law in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to Norwegian law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus 
and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that his holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that his holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.
If such notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes that have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments of the Issuer and the Notes 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in recent 
years in order to increase capital requirements, increase the quantity and quality of capital and raise liquidity 
levels in the banking sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel

--- Page 32 ---
24
Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) and implemented by the EU through CRD IV 
(as defined below).
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and to 
implement the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital 
requirements. This package included the directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (the “CRD IV”) and the Regulation 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms (the “CRR”). CRD IV and CRR were implemented in Norway 31 December 2019. 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks consist of two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital 
requirements determined by the political authorities. As per the provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, 
banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”), within which at 
least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital.
In addition, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met by 
Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the capital buffer requirements consists of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, (ii) a 
systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent. of RWAs and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 1 per cent. of RWAs. 
Accordingly, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the minimum common equity tier 1 capital requirement 
for the Issuer, including the buffer requirements, is 11 per cent. of RWAs.
Under CRD IV, each EU Member State is responsible for setting a counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to 
exposures in its own jurisdiction. The relevant authorities in the other EU Member States are required to 
apply such rate to the exposures in that jurisdiction of the banks which they regulate (with discretion whether 
to recognise a rate higher than 2.5 per cent. of RWAs). The counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to a 
particular bank will be the weighted average of the counter-cyclical buffer rates in those jurisdictions where 
such bank has exposures from time to time (with the bank’s home relevant authority determining the 
applicable counter-cyclical buffer rate for exposures in jurisdictions outside the EU or in any EU jurisdiction 
where the relevant authority has not set a counter-cyclical buffer rate).
The level of the counter-cyclical buffer will be re-assessed by the Ministry of Finance and the relevant 
authorities in each other Member State each quarter and may result in an increase or a decrease in the rate. A 
decision to increase the requirement may normally enter into force no earlier than 12 months following such 
decision.
CRD IV permits regulators to require the banks which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred 
to as “Pillar 2” capital requirements. The FSAN’s Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 
requirements and are expected to reflect institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are 
not covered or only partly covered by Pillar 1. The Pillar 2 requirement is the supervisory authority’s 
assessment of many factors at a given point in time and may be revised upwards or downwards on an ongoing 
basis to address the specific risk profile of the institution being regulated. The current Pillar 2 requirement for 
the Issuer is 1.7 per cent.  
The Basel III framework also provided for capital requirements based on total (i.e., non-risk weighted) assets, 
referred to as leverage ratio requirements. On 20 December 2016, the Ministry of Finance resolved to impose 
a requirement for leverage ratio of 3 per cent. for banks, finance companies, holding companies in financial 
groups and investment firms who provides certain investment services, as well as a general buffer 
requirement of 2 per cent. for banks. Any entity which does not comply with the leverage ratio requirements 
must send a plan to the FSAN within five business days with a timetable for the required increase of the

--- Page 33 ---
25
leverage ratio. If the FSAN does not consider the plan to be sufficient, it can order the entity to implement 
various types of measures to remedy the situation. The regulation setting out the leverage ratio requirements 
has been effective from 1 January 2017 and states that the requirements have been applicable from 30 June 
2017. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee adopted changes to several parts of the Basel III standards for capital 
adequacy assessments, aiming, among other things, to ensure greater consistency between banks’ reported 
capital adequacy figures and capital requirements. The changes include adjustments to the standardised 
approach and the internal ratings-based approach, as well as the introduction of a new capital floor. The new 
capital floor requirement will reduce differences in risk weights and result in more harmonised capital 
requirements across national borders. However, the changes to Basel III are not planned to take effect until 1 
January 2022, with a five-year phase-in period. The EU is expected to adopt the recommendations by 
amending its legislation. This legislation will also be applicable in Norway through the Agreement on the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA Agreement”).
In order to ensure compliance with an ever-changing regulatory landscape, the Issuer may need to increase its 
capital ratios in the future by reducing its lending or investment in other operations or raising additional 
capital. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, may not be 
available on attractive terms or at all. In addition, it is difficult to predict what regulatory requirements 
relating to capital may be imposed in the future or accurately estimate the impact that any currently proposed 
regulatory changes may have on the business, the products and services offered by the Issuer and the values 
of its assets. For example, if any entity of the Issuer is required to make additional provisions, increase its 
reserves or capital, or exit or change its approach to certain businesses as a result of the initiatives to 
strengthen the regulation of credit institutions, this could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s results of 
operations or financial condition.
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes 
requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has 
introduced a LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. Due to the limited size of the 
domestic capital market, the minimum requirement for LCR in NOK is set at 50 per cent. for banks that have 
U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies. The lack of NOK LCR should be fulfilled by either U.S.$ or 
euro. The LCR requirement for euro and U.S.$ is, thus, in practice, 100 per cent. plus the lack of NOK LCR. 
As a result and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the Issuer may need to hold additional liquid 
assets, which may have an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition.
A net stable funding ratio (“NFSR”) has also been proposed with the Basel III framework. This funding seeks 
to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding. Norway has so 
far not implemented NSFR liquidity rules pending further developments in EU regulations governing NSFR.
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the 
CRR, the CRD IV, the BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution 
Mechanism for the Banking Union and proposed an amending directive to facilitate the creation of a new 
asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt (the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform Package 
covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, the mandatory restrictions on 
distributions, the permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, the macroprudential tools, a new 
category of “non-preferred” senior debt, the MREL (as defined below) framework and the integration of the 
Financial Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. The various 
directives and regulations intended to implement the Banking Reform Package were published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and will enter into force in the European Union 20 days 
thereafter, subject to various transitional provisions. Such directives and regulations implementing the 
Banking Reform Package have yet to be implemented as a matter of domestic law in Norway.  On 9 April

--- Page 34 ---
26
2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal to Parliament for the 
implementation of the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD into Norwegian law. At the date 
of this Base Prospectus, uncertainty remains over the exact timing for adoption and entry into force of the 
national legislation transposing the amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD into Norwegian law.
The new category of “non-preferred” senior debt mentioned above is included in the Banking Reform 
Package by virtue of a draft amending directive facilitating the creation of such new asset class of “non-
preferred” senior debt which was published in final form on 12 December 2017 (the “Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive”). On 4 December 2020, the Ministry of Finance submitted a legislative proposal for transposing 
the Creditor Hierarchy Directive into Norwegian law through amendments of the Financial Undertakings Act. 
The legislative proposal was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament on 23 April 2021 and will enter into force 
on 1 July 2021.
Until the Banking Reform Package has been fully implemented in Norway, it is uncertain how it will affect 
the Issuer or holders of the Notes.
Floating Rate Notes / other Notes referencing or limited to benchmark
So-called benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), ISDAFIX (now restructured and renamed the ICE Swap Rate), referenced swap rates and 
other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”), to 
which the interest on securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented, and may include the introduction of “risk free” rates such as 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR. These reforms may cause the relevant benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, or have other consequences which may have a material adverse effect on the value of and amount 
payable under the Notes. In respect of the risks related to alternative benchmarks such as SOFR, SONIA and 
€STR, please see “The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes” below. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council’s regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”) which was published in the official journal on 29 June 
2016. In addition to the aforementioned regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. In addition, in July 2017 the Chief Executive of the Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in the United Kingdom questioned the sustainability of LIBOR in its current 
form, and advocated a transition away from reliance on LIBOR to alternative reference rates. He noted that 
currently there is wide support among the LIBOR panel banks for voluntarily sustaining LIBOR until the end 
of 2021, facilitating this transition. At the end of this period, it is the FCA’s intention that it will not be 
necessary to sustain LIBOR through its influence or legal powers by persuading, or obliging banks to submit 
to LIBOR. Therefore, the continuation of LIBOR in its current form (or at all) after 2021 cannot be 
guaranteed.
On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that: 
(i)
the publication of 24 LIBOR settings (as detailed in the FCA announcement) will cease immediately after 
31 December 2021; 
(i)
the publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 
June 2023; 
(ii)
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR settings will no 
longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to measure

--- Page 35 ---
27
and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on requiring the ICE to continue to 
publish these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market 
and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after end 2021); 
(iii)
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to measure 
and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on requiring the IBA to continue to 
publish these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market 
and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further period until end 2022 after which time 
publication of these settings will cease permanently); and 
(iv)
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will no 
longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to measure 
and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consider the case for using its proposed 
powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further 
period after end June 2023). 
Any changes to the administration of LIBOR or the emergence of alternatives to LIBOR as a result of these 
reforms such as SOFR. SONIA and/or €STR, may cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or to 
be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential 
discontinuation of LIBOR or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which the rate 
is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to LIBOR. The development of alternatives to 
LIBOR may result in Notes linked to or referencing LIBOR performing differently than would otherwise 
have been the case if such alternatives to LIBOR had not developed. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes referencing or linked to LIBOR.
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such Benchmark may adversely affect such Benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on 
the same Benchmark. 
Other Benchmarks suffer from similar weaknesses to LIBOR and although work continues on reforming their 
respective methodologies to make them more grounded in actual transactions, they may be discontinued or 
subject to changes in their administration. If an administrator alters, discontinues or suspends calculation or 
dissemination of a Benchmark, this may cause a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes 
to apply. The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing a Benchmark.
Changes to the administration of a Benchmark or the emergence of alternatives to a Benchmark, may cause 
such a Benchmark to perform differently than in the past, or there could be other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. The discontinuation of a Benchmark or changes to its administration could require changes to 
the way in which the rate of interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to such a 
Benchmark. The development of alternatives to a Benchmark may result in Notes linked to or referencing 
such a Benchmark performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if the alternatives to such 
a Benchmark had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, 
and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such a Benchmark.
Whilst alternatives to certain Benchmarks for use in the bond market are being developed, outstanding Notes 
linked to or referencing a Benchmark may transition away from such a Benchmark in accordance with the 
particular fallback arrangements set out in their terms and conditions. The operation of these fallback 
arrangements could result in a different return for Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders (which

--- Page 36 ---
28
may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they might receive under other similar securities which 
contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise receive in the event that 
legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any given Benchmark to an 
alternative rate).
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the rate of interest in respect of floating 
rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the rate of interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement).  In circumstances where such 
Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement 
may be available.
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen 
Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the rate of interest may ultimately revert to the rate of 
interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes 
from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued 
may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes.
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (i) that it has or will cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate or (ii) that such rate is or will be no longer representative of its underlying 
market. If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser. After consulting with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate even if the Original 
Reference Rate continues to be available. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to 
determine the rate of interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they 
would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. In addition, the market 
(if any) for Notes linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be less liquid than the market for 
Notes linked to the Original Reference Rate. Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the 
Original Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the 
Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without 
any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders.
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that an 
Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Issuer and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
spread, formula or methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser,
determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter

--- Page 37 ---
29
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be.
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Issuer may not be able to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes.
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the rate of interest for the 
next succeeding Interest Period will be the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs 
before the first Interest Determination Date, the rate of interest will be the initial rate of interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue to attempt to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest 
Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial rate of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of 
interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is not adopted because it 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital and/or the Notes as 
eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the loss absorption regulations,
or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the treatment of the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date 
as the effective maturity of the Notes by the regulator, the initial rate of interest, or the rate of interest
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate 
Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the rate of interest in respect of floating rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the rate of interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is a Benchmark Floating Rate Option, the rate of interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If 
the relevant Benchmark is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the rate of interest
that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes
The Programme provides for the issuance of Floating Rate Notes with interest determined on the basis of the 
reference rates SONIA, SOFR and €STR.

--- Page 38 ---
30
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as  
reference rates in the capital markets and the adoption of SONIA and SOFR as an alternative to Sterling 
LIBOR and Dollar LIBOR, respectively. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference 
rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a 
designated term).  
The nascent development of SONIA, SOFR and €STR rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA, SOFR and €STR based rates for such markets and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. The use of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR and €STR. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR linked Instruments issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, 
including those in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes. The Issuer may in future also issue Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates 
in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates across these markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Instruments referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR.
SONIA, SOFR and €STR differ from rates such as EURIBOR or LIBOR in a number of material respects, 
including that SONIA, SOFR and €STR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, 
whereas EURIBOR and LIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and EURIBOR on the 
one hand and SONIA, SOFR or €STR on the other hand may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018 daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SOFR, SONIA or €STR are only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (or other date on which accrued interest may become due on the Notes). It 
may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to 
trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of 
such Notes. Further, in contrast to, for example, EURIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SOFR, SONIA 
or €STR become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 8 (Events of Default), or 
are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for
the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined on the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable.
Since SONIA, SOFR and €STR are relatively new market indices, Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never

--- Page 39 ---
31
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SONIA, SOFR or €STR such 
as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of 
such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR do not prove to be widely used in securities like Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or
€STR, the trading price of such Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR may be lower than those of 
Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes 
at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA, SOFR or €STR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in 
Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR. If the manner in which SONIA, SOFR or €STR is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the 
trading prices of such Notes. Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes using SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR as a reference rate may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in conventional 
debt securities.
Risks related to Green Bonds
The application of the net proceeds of Green Bonds as described and defined in “Use of Proceeds” may not 
meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria.
It is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from the offer of any Green Bonds (as 
defined under “Use of Proceeds” below) issued under the Programme specifically for Eligible Green Loans
(as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below). 
Prospective investors in any Green Bonds issued under the Programme should have regard to the information 
in “Use of Proceeds” regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Bonds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for “green” 
purpose (as described in “Use of Proceeds”) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to any Eligible Green Loans.
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a “green bond” or market 
consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development 
by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical 
screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that that the eligibility 
criteria for Eligible Green Loans will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime

--- Page 40 ---
32
implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other 
equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any other) framework for such securities.
There can be no assurance by the Issuer that the use of proceeds of Green Bonds will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.
No 
assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which 
may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any 
Eligible Green Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the 
date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Bonds. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
If any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any Eligible Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any 
such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the 
life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the issue of Green Bonds for Eligible Green 
Loans in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, there can be no assurance that the 
Issuer will be able to do this. None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Green Bonds or to 
report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Green Loans as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to 
withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of Green 
Bonds to meet investors’ expectations requirements regarding any “green” or similar labels will constitute an 
event of default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Green Bonds. None of such failure will create 
an obligation or incentive on the Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds, nor an option for the Noteholders to 
redeem the Green Bonds. Furthermore, none of such failure will compromise any classification of the Notes 
as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities.
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of Green Bonds for any Eligible Green Loans as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any

--- Page 41 ---
33
such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or 
certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green 
Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 42 ---
34
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND SUPPLEMENTS
TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
The following documents have been filed with the CSSF and shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus:
(a)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 together with the independent Auditor’s report thereon (an English translation is 
available on the website of the Issuer at https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-
bank/om-oss/Investor/Rapporter/2020/SpareBank_1_SR-Bank_Annual_Report_2020.pdf) set out on 
the following pages of the Issuer’s 2020 annual report (in a document named “Annual Report 2020”):
Income Statement
p. 58
Balance Sheet
p. 59
Statement of Changes in Equity
p. 60
Cash Flow Statement
p. 61
Notes
p. 62 – 130 (inclusive)
Auditor’s Report
p. 131 – 137 (inclusive); 
(b)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 together with the independent Auditor’s report thereon (an English translation is 
available on the website of the Issuer at https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-
bank/om-oss/Investor/Rapporter/2019/Annual_Report_2019_2.pdf) set out on the following pages of 
the Issuer’s 2019 annual report (in a document named “Annual Report 2019”): 
Income Statement
p. 56
Balance Sheet
p. 57
Statement of Changes in Equity
p. 58
Cash Flow Statement
p. 60
Notes
p. 61 – 125 (inclusive)
Auditor’s Report
p. 126 – 131 (inclusive); 
(c)
the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the three-month 
period ended 31 March 2021 (an English translation is available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-
oss/Investor/Rapporter/2021/Q1/Quarterly_Report_SRBNK_Q1_2021.pdf) set out on the following 
pages of the Issuer’s interim unaudited first quarter report (in a document named “Quarterly Report
2021 Q1”):
Income Statement
p. 18
Balance Sheet
p. 19
Statement of Changes in Equity
p. 20
Cash Flow Statement
p. 21

--- Page 43 ---
35
Notes
p. 22 – 42 (inclusive)
(d)
the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2020 in 
relation to the Programme as set out on pages 77-130 therein (inclusive);
(e)
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2020 in 
relation to the Programme as set out on pages 131-177 therein (inclusive); 
(f)
the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2019 in 
relation to the Programme as set out on pages 75-123 therein (inclusive);
(g)
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2019 in 
relation to the Programme as set out on pages 124-165 therein (inclusive); 
(h)
the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2018 in 
relation to the Programme as set out on pages 63 – 100 therein (inclusive), as amended by pages 15 to 
28 (inclusive) the Prospectus Supplement dated 15 March 2019; and
(i)
the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2017 in 
relation to the Programme as set out on pages 64 – 101 therein (inclusive).
Any such non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) 
from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in 
London and in Luxembourg. Documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be 
published on the Issuer’s website (https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us.html) and the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). No information on any website forms part of this Base 
Prospectus except as specifically incorporated by reference, as set out above. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
36
USE OF PROCEEDS
General
Unless the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case 
may be) is stated to be for “green” purposes, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes.
Green Bonds
Use of proceeds, project evaluation and selection
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to be for 
“green” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (the “Green Bonds”), an amount equal to the 
net proceeds from each such issue of Green Bonds will be used as described below. 
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any such issue of Green Bonds to
finance or refinance, in part or in full, an array of new and/or existing green projects (as described in the 
section headed “Use of Proceeds” of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as defined below) (the “Eligible 
Green Loans”). Eligible Green Loans are expected to include loans in the following categories:

Residential Green Buildings: new and existing mortgages for energy efficient residential buildings in 
Norway;

Commercial Green Buildings: loans to energy efficient commercial properties;

Renewable Energy: loans to finance or refinance activities of renewable energy generation sources 
(hydro power, wind, solar);

Clean Transportation: loans to finance or refinance low carbon vehicles and/or low carbon 
transportation infrastructure; and

General: general corporate purposes loans to “pure play” green companies (being those deriving 
more than 90 per cent. of their revenues from the above categories).
The Issuer has relied on the support of an external green real estate consultant Multiconsult ASA to define the 
associated eligibility criteria which are further described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework published on 
its 
website:
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-
oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/gjeldsinvestorer/Green_Bond_Framework_2020.pdf (including, as amended, 
supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time, the “Green Bond 
Framework”).
The Issuer takes care to ensure that all selected Eligible Green Loans comply with official national and social 
standards and local laws and regulations. It is part of the transaction approval process of the Issuer to take 
care that all activities comply with internal environmental and social standards.
Management of Green Bond proceeds
The Issuer intends to allocate the proceeds from any issue of Green Bonds under the Programme to a portfolio 
of loans that meet the use of proceeds eligibility criteria and in accordance with the evaluation and selection 
process presented above and in the Green Bond Framework (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”).
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio that 
matches or exceeds the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds.

--- Page 45 ---
37
Eligible Green Loans will be added to or removed from the Issuer’s Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to the 
extent required. 
While any Green Bond amount equal to the net proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold and/or 
invest in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments, the balance of an 
amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio.
Reporting
The Issuer intends to make and keep readily available allocation and impact reporting in respect of each issue 
of Green Bonds under the Programme, with effect from a year after the issuance, to be renewed annually until 
full allocation (the “Allocation Report”). The Issuer has appointed a specialised green consultant 
Multiconsult ASA to develop the methodology for the estimation and calculation of impacts, which will be 
provided on a portfolio basis (the “Impact Report”). Both the Allocation Report and the Impact Report will 
be available on the Issuer’s website.
The Issuer intends to align the reporting with the portfolio approach described in the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles Handbook “Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2019)” (available at 
https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/June-2019/Handbook-Harmonized-
Framework-for-Impact-Reporting-WEB-100619.pdf). 
External review – second party opinion
The Issuer has obtained an independent verification assessment from Sustainalytics B.V., dated 30 August 
2019, to confirm the validity of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 2019. The second party opinion from 
Sustainalytics B.V. is available at: www.sustainalytics.com. The contents of such website shall not be 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus. The independent verification report has been published on the Issuer’s 
website. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, an independent verification assessment from Sustainalytics 
B.V. has not been conducted on the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 2020. However, the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Frameworks in 2019 and 2020 are identical save for the removal of “refurbished residential buildings in 
Norway with an improved energy efficiency of 30 per cent.” from the list of eligibility criteria under the 
Green Building Eligible Project Category.
External review – verification
In addition, the Issuer may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity (or 
until full allocation), a limited assurance report of the allocation of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds 
to eligible assets, provided by its external auditor. 
Neither the Green Bond Framework, nor any of the above reports, verification assessments or contents of any 
of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. The information on the above 
websites have not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 46 ---
38
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS
Overview
On 1 October 1976, 22 savings banks in Rogaland merged to form Norway’s first regional savings bank, 
Sparebanken Rogaland. At that time, this was the most comprehensive merger that had been carried out 
among Norwegian savings banks. The regional savings bank grew through their active participation in 
Rogaland’s social and business development, which has been their guiding concept ever since 1839, when the 
first of the merged savings banks was founded in Egersund. The intention of the founders of the savings banks 
in the rural districts was to contribute to positive community development by channelling locally created
value back into local communities.
In 1996, the bank was a co-founder of SpareBank 1 Alliance, which is a banking and product alliance. The 
SR-Bank Group’s participation in the SpareBank 1 Alliance links it to independent banks with local roots. In 
March 2007, the bank formally changed its name from Sparebanken Rogaland to SpareBank 1 SR-Bank. On 
21 June 2011, the Ministry of Finance granted SpareBank 1 SR-Bank permission to convert from a savings 
bank to a limited liability company (limited liability savings bank) and to establish a savings bank foundation 
on specific terms and conditions. The conversion and establishment of Sparebankstiftelsen SR-Bank was 
completed with effect from 1 January 2012. The company’s legal name was simultaneously changed to 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA is registered with the Norwegian Company Registry 
with organisation number 937895321. The address of the registered office is Christen Tranes gate 35, 4007
Stavanger, Norway (tel +47 915 02002).
The SR-Bank Group had 1,332 full-time equivalent employees as of 31 December 2020. The SR-Bank Group 
comprises the parent bank, SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, and the subsidiaries EiendomsMegler 1 SR-Eiendom 
AS, SR Forvaltning AS, SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Forretningspartner, SR-Boligkreditt AS, FinStart Nordic AS 
and Monner AS. The Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any one shareholder. The 
Issuer’s largest shareholder is a foundation, Sparebankstiftelsen SR-Bank, which owns 28.3 per cent. of the 
shares.
Business Operations
The SR-Bank Group’s market area is Southern Norway. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA had 34 branches and 
total assets of NOK 287.0 billion (on group level) as of 31 December 2020. Its registered head office is in 
Stavanger, Norway. The bank’s customer-orientated activities are organised into three divisions: the retail 
market, corporate market and capital market, respectively. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA provides products and 
services in the fields of financing, investments and payment services. The SR-Bank Group also provides 
pension, life and P&C (property and casualty) insurance products through SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS (19.5 per 
cent. owned by SpareBank1 SR-Bank ASA).
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA’s primary market area is the southern and western Norway with 350,000 retail 
customers and a market share of around 20 per cent. at year-end 2020. In addition to retail customers, the 
retail market division also serves 10,000 small business and agricultural customers.
In 2020, the corporate market division was responsible for serving 18,700 corporate customers via a broad 
distribution network. The division has five regional business units and two specialist units: one for the energy 
and maritime sectors and one for the public sector.
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Markets is one of the region’s leading securities firms. Its activities include own 
account and customer trading in interest rate instruments and foreign exchange, providing advice and 
facilitating debt and equity funding, as well as administrative securities services.

--- Page 47 ---
39
Business Strategy
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA aims to be the most attractive supplier of financial services in the south of 
Norway. The bank’s strategy is based on good customer experiences, professionalism, local roots and decision 
making, financial strength, profitability and market trust.
SR-Bank Group’s Performance
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank recorded good progress in all of the group’s business areas in 2020. The bank’s 
position in Rogaland was strengthened in both the retail market and the corporate market, and at the same 
time the group strengthened its positions in Vestland and the Agder counties. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA has 
within the space of a few years also become a challenger for established financial service groups in Oslo.
The market has been impacted by Covid-19 and low oil prices since the middle of March 2020. The 
government of Norway has taken steps to support the business sector, and liquidity loans and cash support for 
companies will help many get through the crisis. Lower interest rates are having a positive impact on the 
housing market and contributing to good demand for mortgages from retail customers. Even though the 
period has been, and still is, challenging, in the SR-Bank Group’s experience, the group’s corporate 
customers are creative and solution oriented. For its part, the group is providing advice in order to find good 
solutions for customers, including payment holidays. 
The group’s net interest income totalled NOK 4,142 million in 2020, an increase of NOK 155 million when 
compared to 2019 (NOK 3,987 million). The increase in net interest income was mainly due to increased 
lending and deposit volumes. 
The equity markets started the year with a marked fall in March/April 2020 as a result of the uncertainty 
surrounding the impact of Covid-19. The market turbulence decreased during the year and the Oslo Børs 
ended 2020 by being up 4.6 per cent. compared to year end 2019. The group’s capital losses from securities 
totalled NOK 141 million for the full year. This was due to a combination of capital losses including hedging 
instruments totalling NOK 92 million from the fixed income portfolio due to spread widening and capital 
losses of NOK 49 million from the portfolio of shares and equity certificates.
Impairments on loans and financial liabilities totalled NOK 2,030 million in 2020, compared with NOK 235 
million in 2019. The impairment losses on loans in 2020 largely involved individual exposures within oil-
related activities. The board regards the quality of the loan portfolio and risk management as good. 
Financial Overview
The SR-Bank Group achieved a pre-tax profit of NOK 1,821 million in 2020. The net profit for the year 
amounted to NOK 1,590 million, compared with NOK 3,124 million in 2019. Given the prevailing 
circumstances in 2020 with Covid-19 and the closing down of Norway for longer periods, the board is very 
satisfied with the results.
Solid efforts by employees, good credit work and good relationships with customers were important drivers 
behind a good result. Our market position as one of Southern Norway's leading financial services groups and 
the country’ second largest Norwegian owned bank was further strengthened by a net increase of 4,800 retail 
customers aged 13 and older and more than 2,500 new corporate customers. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank grew its 
market shares for branches outside Rogaland in 2020. 
Net commissions and other operating income totalled NOK 1,396 million in 2020, down from NOK 1,416 
million in 2019. The reduction was primarily attributable to lower commissions from SpareBank 1 
Boligkreditt AS and less income from money transfer services. The net return on financial investments 
amounted to NOK 699 million in 2020, compared with NOK 1,127 million in 2019. Income from ownership

--- Page 48 ---
40
interests decreased by NOK 212 million to NOK 663 million in 2020. The most important reason for this was 
the lower profit contribution, inclusive of the merger effects, from SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS.
The group’s operating costs were NOK 2,386 million in 2020, compared with NOK 2,478 million in 2019, a 
reduction of NOK 92 million. Personnel costs were reduced by NOK 36 million to NOK 1,436 million. 
The group’s net impairments on loans and financial liabilities amounted to NOK 2,030 million compared with 
NOK 235 million in 2019. The high impairment losses were a consequence of the continued challenging 
market conditions, especially for offshore-related activities. Higher impairment losses have therefore been 
required for some exposures. Closely monitoring customers and preventive work remain important tools for 
maintaining a good risk profile in the group’s loan portfolio in order to reduce future losses.
The allocation of the year’s profit is based on the parent bank’s distributable profit of NOK 1,070 million for 
2020. On 28 April 2021, the general meeting of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA authorised the bank’s board of 
directors to resolve and distribute dividends of up to NOK 793 million, equivalent to NOK 3.10 per share, at 
such time the board deems it appropriate in light of the bank’s solidity, overall financial condition and 
prevailing market conditions. Until the authorisation to distribute dividends is exercised, NOK 1,070 million 
has been allocated to other equity.
Developments in Q1 2021
The SR-Bank Group made a pre-tax profit of NOK 880 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared to NOK 
247 million in the first quarter of 2020 and NOK 175 million higher than in the previous quarter. The most 
important factors that affected financial performance in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the previous 
quarter were commissions and other income increasing by NOK 32 million following high levels of activity 
in several areas, a NOK 65 million increase in the value of FinStart Nordic AS’s investments in the first 
quarter of 2021 and impairment losses decreasing by NOK 149 million from the fourth quarter of 2020.
Impairments on loans and financial liabilities decreased by NOK 149 million to NOK 121 million in the first 
quarter of 2021, compared to NOK 560 million in the first quarter of 2020. The impairment provisions in the 
first quarter of 2021 were linked to a small number of customers.
The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 18.1 per cent at the end of the first quarter of 2021, compared to 
17.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2020. The entire profit for 2020 is currently being withheld pending a 
potential dividend distribution by the board of directors of up to NOK 793 million, equivalent to NOK 3.10 
per share, at a later stage as discussed above. 
Risk and Capital Management
The core business of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA is to achieve value creation through taking conscious and 
acceptable risk. The SR-Bank Group, therefore, invests significant resources in maintaining and developing 
risk management systems and processes that are in line with leading international practice. The board of 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank has established its own risk committee.
The risk and capital management should underpin the SR-Bank Group’s strategic development and goal 
attainment, while ensuring financial stability and prudent asset management. This shall be achieved through:

a good risk culture characterised by a high awareness of risk management and the SR-Bank Group’s 
core values;

a good understanding of which risks drive earnings;

pricing activities and products in line with their underlying risk, insofar as this is possible;

--- Page 49 ---
41

having adequate financial strength based on a chosen risk profile and simultaneously striving for 
optimal capital allocation to the various business areas;

utilising diversification effects; and

preventing single events seriously damaging the SR-Bank Group’s financial position.
The SR-Bank Group’s risk is quantified, inter alia, by computing expected losses and risk-adjusted capital for 
unexpected losses. Expected losses describe the amount one statistically expects to lose during a 12-month 
period, while risk-adjusted capital describes how much capital the SR-Bank Group believes it needs to cover 
the actual risk to which the SR-Bank Group is exposed. The most important risks the SR-Bank Group is 
exposed to are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and ownership risk. See also “Risk 
Factors” above.
Major Subsidiaries
Eiendomsmegler 1 SR-Eiendom AS
EiendomsMegler 1 SR-Eiendom AS is well represented throughout the group’s market area and has 40 
branches from Grimstad in the south-east to Bergen in the north Its activities include residential and 
commercial real estate broker services. The company achieved a pre-tax profit of NOK 49.9 million (NOK 
6.0 million). In 2020, 6,707 (6,441) properties were sold with a total value of around NOK 21.1 billion (NOK 
21.7 billion). The supply of new assignments was satisfactory given the extraordinary market situation due to 
the Covid-19 outbreak.
SR-Forvaltning AS
SR-Forvaltning AS is an investment firm licensed to provide active management and fund management 
services. Pre-tax profit was NOK 19.3 million in 2020 (NOK 25.4 million). The company saw positive net 
subscriptions of NOK 320 million in 2020. New subscriptions were heavily affected by the Covid-19 
outbreak in February and March but recovered well from April. Savings agreement business grew particularly 
well, both in terms of volume and numbers. The assets under management at year end 2020 amounted to 
NOK 13.5 billion (NOK 12.5 billion).
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ForretningsPartner AS 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ForretningsPartner AS achieved a pre-tax profit of NOK 21.0 million in 2020 (NOK 
10.7 million). The result includes depreciation of intangible assets amounting to NOK 2.9 million (NOK 2.5 
million). The results for 2020 were affected to some extent by the Covid-19 outbreak, with lower turnover and 
higher losses on customer receivables than would be expected in a normal situation. The company has 
maintained stable operations during the period and has had a high level of customer-oriented activity.
SR-Boligkreditt AS
SR-Boligkreditt AS is a wholly owned subsidiary and was established in the second quarter of 2015. The 
purpose of the company is to purchase home mortgages from SpareBank 1 SR-Bank and it funds this by 
issuing covered bonds. SR-Boligkreditt AS enables SpareBank 1 SR-Bank to diversify and optimise its 
funding. At year-end 2020, SR-Boligkreditt AS’s total assets were NOK 95.2 billion.
FinStart Nordic AS
FinStart Nordic AS achieved a pre-tax result of NOK -113.1 million in 2020 (NOK 27.3 million). The deficit 
was due to restructuring costs in 2020 and negative value changes in the investment portfolio from the former 
SR-Investering AS. This portfolio is mainly offshore and oil-related, where the effect of low oil prices 
combined with the Covid-19 outbreak reduced the value of the portfolio by a total of NOK 58.6 million in 
2020. The total decrease in value in FinStart Nordic AS’s portfolio was NOK 66.4 million in 2020, while in

--- Page 50 ---
42
2019 there was a positive change in value in the securities of NOK 54.8 million. A new Fintech investment 
portfolio has after the first phase of Covid-19 developed positively as far as most of the investments are 
concerned, despite somewhat reduced growth and a more demanding market for raising external capital.
Monner AS
Monner AS posted a deficit of NOK 17.4 million in 2020 (deficit of NOK 14.0 million). The negative result 
was in line with expectations and due to the company being in a development phase, which means that costs 
from products and market development will be higher than earnings. Income decreased in 2020 due to the 
Covid-19 outbreak, although this was largely compensated for through cost-saving measures. The market 
recovered in the autumn of 2020 and income was rising at year end 2020. In 2020, the company launched new 
functionality aimed at providing more assistance to investors and companies and sees good opportunities for 
further growth in 2021.
The SpareBank 1 Alliance
The SpareBank 1 Alliance’s purpose is to acquire and provide competitive financial services and products and 
to exploit economies of scale in the form of lower costs and/or higher quality. The alliance also helps to 
secure the participating banks’ value creation for the benefit of their own regions and the banks’ owners.
The SpareBank 1 banks run the alliance through their ownership of, and participation in, SpareBank 1 
Banksamarbeidet DA. The development and organisation of the product companies are organised through the 
banks’ ownership of the holding company SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS.
The SpareBank 1 Alliance was established to develop and deliver joint IT / mobile solutions, branding and 
marketing concepts, business models, products and services, expertise, analysis, processes, best-practice 
solutions and procurement. The SpareBank 1 Alliance has also developed two competence centres for 
payment transmission services (based in Trondheim) and credit management (based in Stavanger).
The SpareBank 1 Alliance Structure
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS is owned by SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA (19.5 per cent.), SpareBank 1 SMN (19.5 
per cent.), SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge (19.5 per cent.), SpareBank 1 Østlandet (12.4 per cent.), Samarbeidende 
Sparebanker AS (19.5 per cent.), and the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (“LO”) and affiliated 
trade unions (9.6 per cent.).
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS owns 100 per cent. of the shares in SpareBank 1 Forsikring AS, ODIN Forvaltning
AS, Conecto AS, SpareBank 1 Factoring AS, Modhi finance AS, and SpareBank 1 Spleis AS, 65 per cent. of 
the shares in Fremtind Forsikring AS, and 49 per cent. of the shares in LO Favør AS.
The merger between SpareBank 1 Skadeforsikring and DNB Forsikring was completed with accounting effect 
from 1 January 2019, with SpareBank 1 Skadeforsikring as the company doing the taking over. SpareBank 1 
Gruppen AS owns 65 per cent. of the new company and DNB ASA 35 per cent..
SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS made a pre-tax profit of NOK 1,817 million in 2020 compared to NOK 1,581 
million in 2019. The controlling interest’s share of the net profit for the year amounted to NOK 995 million 
compared to NOK 1,303 million in 2019. The result was strongly influenced by the Covid-19 outbreak. 
Fremtind Forsikring posted a good result in 2020 due to the recognition of income from a reinsurer that offset 
high payouts on travel insurance. In addition, it saw high liquidation gains and also lower claim rates. 
SpareBank 1 Forsikring achieved a weak financial result as a result of a write-down of the company’s 
property portfolio. The result for 2019 included NOK 596 million in write-ups of properties.

--- Page 51 ---
43
Management and the Board of Directors
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA’s management and control bodies have all been established in accordance with 
Norwegian legislation. The figure below shows an overview of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA’s management 
and control bodies:
Organisation
External audit
CEO
Benedicte 
Schilbred Fasmer 
Corporate Market
Tore Medhus
Customer Services 
and Marketing
Ella Skjørestad
Strategy, 
Innovation and 
Development
Glenn Saether
Retail Market
Jan Friestad
Communications 
and Sustainability
Thor-Christian 
Haugland
Compliance and 
HR
Signe Helliesen
Chief Financial 
Officer
Inge Reinertsen
Risk Management
Frode Bø

--- Page 52 ---
44
The shareholders exercise the highest level of authority at SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA by way of the general 
meeting. The general meeting elects the members of both the board of directors and the nomination 
committee, as well as adopting decisions on remuneration for the members of these bodies.
The Board of Directors
The board of directors of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA consists of eight members, including two members who 
are elected by employees.
The board of directors is responsible for the administration of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA’s business, 
including taking decisions on individual credit cases. The board of directors are also responsible for 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA’s operations, including ensuring that accounting and asset management activities 
are subjected to proper scrutiny.
Name:
Board position:
Business address:
Dag Mejdell
Board Chairman
Silurveien 18A, 0380 Oslo
Trine Sæther Romuld
Board Member
SalMar ASA, Industriveien 51, N-7266 
Kverva
Ingrid Riddervold Lorange
Board Member
Siva SF, Torgarden, N-7462 Trondheim
Jan Skogseth
Board Member
Nikkelveien 22, N-4313 Sandnes
Tor Dahle
Board Member
Sparebankstiftelsen SR-Bank, 
Domkirkeplassen 2, N-4000 Stavanger
Kate Henriksen
Board Member
Miles AS, O. J. Brochs gate 16a,
N-5006 Bergen
Sally Lund-Andersen
Employee Representative
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, Christen 
Tranesgt, 35, N-4009 Stavanger
Kristian Kristensen
Employee Representative
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, 
1Christen Tranesgt, 35, N-4009 Stavanger
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
DAG MEJDELL, CHAIR OF THE BOARD. CHAIR OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 
AND OBSERVER IN THE RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Dag Mejdell has extensive experience from various management positions in business, most recently as the 
CEO of Posten Norge AS from 2006 to 2016. From 2000 to 2005 he was the CEO of Dyno Nobel ASA and 
before that he worked for Dyno ASA for 19 years, the last three of which were as the CEO. Mejdell has an 
MBA from the Norwegian School of Economics in Bergen. Chair of the board of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
since 9 June 2016.
Other positions: Chair of the boards of Norsk Hydro ASA, Mestergruppen AS, Visolit New Finco AS, 
Torghatten AS and International Post Corporation CV.
KATE HENRIKSEN, BOARD MEMBER. CHAIR OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE AND 
MEMBER OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
Kate Henriksen is the CEO of Miles Bergen AS. She was formerly the divisional director, retail market, at 
Sparebanken Vest. Henriksen has a degree in business administration from the Norwegian School of 
Economics in Bergen. She has also studied information technology and automation at Bergen College of 
Engineering. Member of the board of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA since 4 June 2015.

--- Page 53 ---
45
TOR DAHLE, BOARD MEMBER. CHAIR OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
AND MEMBER OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
Tor Dahle (1952) is the general manager at Sparebankstiftelsen SR-Bank. He has experience from various 
management positions at SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, including as CFO and more recently as Managing 
Director at SR-Investering AS. Dahle has an MBA from the Norwegian School of Economics in Bergen. 
Member of the board of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA since 6 June 2013.
INGRID RIDDERVOLD LORANGE, BOARD MEMBER. MEMBER OF THE RISK 
MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Ingrid Riddervold Lorange (1969) is the CEO of Siva SF. She extensive and wide-ranging experience from a 
range of management posts at Telenor, where she was most recently CEO of Telenor Global Shared Services. 
Lorange has board experience from a range of board positions in the Telenor Group. Lorange graduated in 
business economics (Siviløkonom) from the BI Norwegian Business School. Member of the Board of 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA since April 2020.
TRINE SÆTHER ROMULD, BOARD MEMBER. MEMBER OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
Trine Sæther Romuld (1968) is the CFO & COO of Salmar ASA. Romuld has extensive experience from a 
range of leadership roles in seafood, oil services consultancy and the audit industry with both Norwegian and 
international firms. Additionally, Romuld has significant experience as a board member and chair of audit 
committees for listed companies. Romuld is a state authorised auditor (NHH). Member of the Board of 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA since April 2020.
JAN SKOGSETH, BOARD MEMBER. MEMBER OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT 
COMMITTEE
Jan Skogseth (1955) was the CEO of Aibel AS from 2008 until 2017. He has 35 years of experience from the 
oil, gas and renewables industries, in oil companies and on the supply side, nationally and internationally. He 
graduated from South Dakota School of Mines & Technology with an MSc in Mechanical Engineering. 
Member of the board of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA since 20 April 2017.
Other positions: Chair of the board of Gassco AS, and member of the boards of Scatec ASA, PSW 
Technology AS and Nammo AS.
KRISTIAN KRISTENSEN, EMPLOYEE-ELECTED BOARD MEMBER
Kristian Kristensen (1982) is the deputy chair of the Finance Sector Union of Norway SpareBank 1 SR-Bank. 
He holds a bachelor’s degree in marketing communication from BI Norwegian Business School and has taken 
courses in technological change and social development at NTNU, digital business understanding and 
sustainable business at BI Norwegian Business School. Member of the board of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
since 9 June 2016.
Other positions: Member of the board of the Finance Sector Union of Norway, Rogaland division.
SALLY LUND-ANDERSEN, EMPLOYEE-ELECTED BOARD MEMBER. MEMBER OF THE 
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
Sally Lund-Andersen (1961) is the head group employee representative at SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA.
Member of the board of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA since 1 January 2012.
Other positions: Chair of the board of the Finance Sector Union of Norway, Rogaland division. Observer of 
the board of SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA.

--- Page 54 ---
46
Group executive management 
BENEDICTE SCHILBRED FASMER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Benedicte Schilbred Fasmer (1965) has been the chief executive officer of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank since 1. 
January 2021.
She has more than 25 years of experience from the financial sector, industry and shipping. Previous 
experience includes being Head of Corporate Banking in DNB, Head of Corporate Market in Fremtind 
Insurance, Head of Coporate Affairs in a Private Equity asset management company, group executive for the 
Capital Markets Division in Sparebanken Vest, finance director in Rieber & Søn and corporate banking in 
Citibank. She holds an MSc in Economics and Business Administration from the Norwegian School of 
Economics.
Benedicte Schilbred Fasmer also has more than 15 years of board experience as non-executive director in 
listed and unlisted companies within several industries as well as government owned businesses.
Board appointments: Chair of Fremtind Forsikring AS, iNED and Chair of the Risk Committee in Vocalink 
Limited, UK and board member in SpareBank 1 Gruppen AS and SpareBank 1 Utvikling DA. Benedicte is 
member of the UN High Level Panel on International Financial Accountability, Transparency and Integrity for 
Achieving the 2030 Agenda (FACTI Panel).
INGE REINERTSEN, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Inge Reinertsen (1971) became CFO in February 2010. Reinertsen has an MBA from the Norwegian School 
of Economics in Bergen. He has experience from various management positions in the SpareBank 1 SR-Bank 
Group and has worked for the group since 2001.
Board appointments: Chair of the boards of SR-Boligkreditt AS, Bjergsted Terrasse 1 AS and SR-Forvaltning 
AS. Member of the boards of SpareBank 1 Næringskreditt, Monner AS, SpareBank 1 Pensjonskasse, FinStart 
Nordic AS and SpareBank 1 Markets AS.
ELLA SKJØRESTAD, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, CUSTOMER SERVICES AND 
MARKETING  
Skjørestad (1980) took up her post as Executive VP Customer Services and Marketing in February 2018. She 
holds a master’s degree in Comparative Politics from the University of Bergen (1999-2005). She has 
previously worked for Storebrand within P&C insurance and as head of digital sales at Storebrand Direkte. 
She joined SpareBank 1 SR-Bank in June 2010 as head of marketing in the retail banking market Since then 
she has held positions such as marketing director and director of customer services PM. 
Board appointments: Member of the boards of Monner AS, EiendomsMegler 1 SR-Eiendom AS, SpareBank 1 
SR-Bank Forretningspartner AS and Fremtind Service AS. 
FRODE BØ, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, RISK MANAGEMENT
Bø (1968) became EVP, Risk Management in January 2006. He holds a Bachelor of Management and has 
also completed a master’s degree programme in operational auditing and risk management at BI Norwegian 
Business School. Bø’s previous experience includes working at Kværner and Mobil Exploration Norway. Up 
to 2016, he was also a lecturer in the Department of Industrial Economics, Risk Management and Planning at 
the University of Stavanger. He has worked for SpareBank 1 SR-Bank since 2001.
SIGNE HELLIESEN, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, COMPLIANCE AND HR
Helliesen (1976) assumed her position as EVP, Compliance in January 2019. From April 2021 she's also 
responsible for Human Resources. Helliesen has a MBA from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) in

--- Page 55 ---
47
Bergen and an Executive Master’s Programme in Technology and Innovation of Finance, Fintech. Helliesen 
has experience from Ernst & Young (EY). She has worked for SpareBank 1 SR-Bank since 2008.
Board appointments: Substitute member of the board of Verdipapirforetakenes Forbund.
GLENN SÆTJER, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY, INNOVATION AND 
DEVELOPMENT
Sæther (1966) became EVP, Strategy, Innovation and Development in February 2018. From 2009 to 2018 he 
was EVP, Business Support and Development. He graduated in economics and business administration from 
BI Norwegian Business School and has previous experience from Sandnes Municipality, Webcenter Unique 
ASA, and Helse Vest RHF. He has worked for SpareBank 1 SR-Bank since 2005.
Board appointments: Chair of the board of Finstart Nordic AS. Member of the boards of SpareBank 1 SR-
Bank Forretningspartner AS, Monner AS and Vester AS.
JAN FRIESTAD, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, RETAIL MARKET
Friestad (1966) became EVP, Retail Market in August 2011. He holds a degree in economics and business 
administration from Stavanger University College and has also taken various Master of Management courses 
within marketing strategy and management at BI Norwegian Business School. He was a member of the board 
of Helse Stavanger from 2008 to 2017. He has worked for SpareBank 1 SR-Bank since 1988.
Board appointments: Chair of the boards of EiendomsMegler 1 SR-Eiendom AS, SpareBank 1 Kreditt 
AS and SpareBank 1 Forvaltning AS. Member of the board of SpareBank 1 Betaling AS and substitute 
member of the board of Vipps AS.
TORE MEDHUS. EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE MARKET
Medhus (1965) became EVP, Corporate Market in September 2000. He holds a Master of Business and 
Marketing from Oslo Business School/BI. He has previous experience from Elcon Finans, Forenede Credit 
Finans and Telenor. Medhus has worked for SpareBank 1 SR-Bank since 1994.
Board appointments: Chair of the board of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Forretningspartner AS and Monner AS. 
Deputy board at BN Bank. Member of the boards of Finstart Nordic AS and SpareBank 1 Factoring AS.
THOR-CHRISTIAN HAUGLAND, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, COMMUNICATIONS 
AND SUSTAINABILITY
Haugland (1963) became EVP, Communications in 2005. He was educated at Stavanger University College, 
the University of Salford and BI Norwegian Business School in economics, communications and 
management. He has previously worked as the sales and marketing manager for Radisson SAS in Stavanger 
and general manager in Brødrene Pedersen AS. He has around 20 years’ experience from various positions in 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank. 
Board appointments: Member of the boards of Odin Forvaltning AS, Monner Group AS, FinStart Nordic AS 
and Nordic Edge AS. 
As far as is known to SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties 
to SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA of the SR-Bank Group executive management and their private interests or 
other duties in respect of their management roles.

--- Page 56 ---
48
FORM OF THE NOTES
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached, or registered form, without interest coupons or talons attached, or in the case of VPS Notes, 
uncertificated book entry form.
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (“Regulation S”).
Bearer Notes
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note without interest 
coupons or talons attached (a “Temporary Global Note”) which will:
(i)
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “applicable Final Terms”), be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and
(ii)
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the 
“Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing 
system.
Bearer Notes will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions.
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Bearer Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note will be the aggregate from time to time entered in the records 
of both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which expression in such Bearer Global Note means the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of each such customer’s interest in the Notes) 
will be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note and, for 
such purposes, a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, stating 
that the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note at any time will be conclusive 
evidence of the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg at that time, as the case may be.
Upon delivery of a Temporary Bearer Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other agreed clearing system will credit purchasers with nominal amounts of Notes of the relevant Tranche 
equal to the nominal amounts thereof for which they have paid.
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
in NGN form) only outside the United States and its possessions to the extent that certification (in a form to 
be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not United States 
persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any United States person, as required by United States 
Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”).
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described

--- Page 57 ---
49
therein for (a) interests in a permanent global note without interest coupons or talons attached (a “Permanent 
Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Notes, the “Bearer Global Notes” and each a “Bearer 
Global Note”) of the same Series or (b) definitive notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Bearer 
Definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Bearer Definitive Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form), without 
any requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for Bearer Definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the 
Principal Paying Agent as described therein) or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.
Exchange Event: means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8 of the Ordinary Note 
Conditions) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global 
Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or in the name of a nominee for a 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor or alternative clearing system is 
available or (iii) in the case of both Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders of each Series in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the Ordinary Note Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the Issuer may give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent or Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: “€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000”. Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on 
issue by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Bearer Definitive Notes.
Bearer Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement.
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than one year and on all talons and interest coupons relating to such Permanent 
Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes:

--- Page 58 ---
50
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.”
The sections referred to above generally provide that United States persons (as defined for U.S. federal tax 
purposes), with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, talons or interest 
coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or 
payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes, talons or interest coupons.
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of Note issued by the Issuer and vice versa.
Registered Notes
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
“Registered Global Note”).
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, where stated in the applicable Final 
Terms to be held under the NSS, with a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Registered Notes will be registered in the name of a common nominee of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, where stated in the applicable Final Terms to be held under the 
NSS, in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in fully registered form.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 4(d)) of the Ordinary Note Conditions as the registered holder of the Registered 
Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests.
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 4(d)) of the Ordinary Note Conditions immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition.
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Registered Definitive Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in the paragraph relating to Exchange Event above.
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions; see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.
VPS Notes
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to 
the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of such VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee (the “VPS Letter”), which letter will set out the terms of

--- Page 59 ---
51
the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final Terms supplement attached thereto. On delivery of a 
copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant Final Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext 
VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Agent will credit each 
subscribing VPS account holder with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid.
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two 
Oslo Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes 
will only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time.
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of Note issued by the Issuer and vice versa.
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Ordinary Note Conditions”), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a Common Code and 
ISIN which are different from the Common Code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the 
same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
Where any Note is represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, then from 8.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on 
the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 7 July 2017, executed by the Issuer.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new Prospectus 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.
The Issuer will notify the ICSDs and the Paying Agents upon issue whether the Notes are intended, or are not 
intended, to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper (and in the case of registered Notes to be held under the NSS, registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Where the Notes are not intended to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper upon issuance, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are then capable of meeting such criteria, the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Where the Notes are so deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and in the case of registered Notes, registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as a common safekeeper) upon issuance or otherwise, this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday
credit operations by the Eurosystem at issuance or at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that the relevant Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.

--- Page 60 ---
52
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme 
will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes 
and their issue.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended or superseded (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs
Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
[Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309(B) of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale and 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended or superseded (“MiFID II”)] 
[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
                                                       
1
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309(B) of the SFA prior to launch of the offer.

--- Page 61 ---
53
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] [EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
Final Terms dated [●]
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
Legal Entity Identifier: 549300Q3OIWRHQUQM052
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Ordinary Note Conditions] 
[VPS Conditions] set forth in the prospectus dated 10 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the prospectus 
dated [●] [and [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the applicable Final Terms 
will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such an offer.]2
                                                       
2
Include this text if the Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors legend is deleted.

--- Page 62 ---
54
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Ordinary Note Conditions] 
[VPS Conditions] set forth in the prospectus dated [10 June 2020][13 June 2019][4 May 2018][7 July 2017] 
[(as supplemented)] and incorporated by reference into the prospectus dated 10 June 2021. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated 10 June 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [●] [and [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each of 
the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]
1
Series Number
[●]
2
(i)
Tranche Number
[●]
(ii)
[Series with which Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series:
[●]/Not Applicable]
(iii) [Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the Series 
specified above:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [●]/[the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interest in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 23 below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]]
[Not Applicable]]
3
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Series:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche:
[●]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●] (if applicable)]
6
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[●] [[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
[up to and including [€199,000]. No notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000]]
[N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency)]
(b)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
7
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]
8
Maturity Date:
[●]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]]
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[Specify particular reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 63 ---
55
Floating Rate]
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest]
[Zero Coupon]
[Reset Notes]
(see paragraph [15][16][17][18] below)
10
Redemption/Payment Basis
[Redemption at par]/[Redemption at [●] per cent. of the nominal 
amount]
11
Change of Interest Basis:
[For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date, up to (but excluding) [date] paragraph [15] [16] applies and for 
the period from (and including) [date] to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [15] [16] applies]/[Not Applicable]
12
Call Option:
[Issuer Call]
[Not Applicable]
[see paragraph [21] below]]
13
(i)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated]
(ii)
Redemption upon occurrence 
of Capital Event and amounts
payable 
on 
redemption 
therefor:
[Applicable – Condition 5(j) applies/Not Applicable (If applicable, 
specify the amount payable on redemption following a Capital 
Event)]
(Only relevant for Subordinated Notes)
(iii) Redemption upon occurrence 
of MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable 
on redemption therefor:
[Applicable – Condition 5(k) applies/Not Applicable (If applicable, 
specify the amount payable on redemption following a MREL 
Disqualification Event)]
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)
(iv) Substitution or variation:
[Applicable – Condition [5(l)/5(m)] applies/Not Applicable]
(Condition 5(l) is relevant for Subordinated Notes and Condition 
5(m) is relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)
14
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained:]
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph 15)
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year from (and including) [●] up to and including the 
Maturity Date
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
(iv) Broken Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 64 ---
56
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]/ [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(vi) Determination Date(s):
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable]
16
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph 16)
(i)
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below /, not subject to adjustment as the 
Business Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(ii)
Effective Interest Payment 
Date:
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each Interest Payment 
Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment Date with respect 
to the last Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date fixed 
for redemption (include for Payment Delay only)]3/[Not Applicable]
(iii) Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/Not Applicable]
[For Payment Delay, always specify a Business Day Convention]
(iv) Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):
[●]
(v)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(vi) Party
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent):
[●]
(vii) Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
–     Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Insert the following only if Index Determination is not applicable]
–
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:
Reference Rate: [●] month [currency] 
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CITA]/[NIBOR]/[€STR]/[HIBOR]
/[SIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[STIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[CMS Rate]
Relevant Financial Centre: [London]/[Brussels]/[Oslo]/[Stockholm]
Reference Currency: [●]
Designated Maturity: [●]
Specified Time: [●] in the Relevant Financial Centre
–
Reference Bank(s):
[●]
–
Interest 
Determination 
[●] / [The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day of 
                                                       
3
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 65 ---
57
Date(s):
each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest Period]/[The [first, 
second, third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for each Interest Period (or immediately preceding 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the end of 
each Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date 
with respect to the last Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include 
this wording for Payment Delay only]]4
–
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York Federal 
Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website]
–
Calculation Method:
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable]
–
Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not Applicable]
–
Observation 
Look-back 
Period:
[[●] Business Days]/[Not Applicable]5
–
D:
[365/360/[Not Applicable]]
–
Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable - used for Payment Delay 
only]6/[Not Applicable]
[Insert the following only if Index Determination is applicable]
–
SONIA Compounded Index:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
–
SOFR Compounded Index:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
–
Interest Determination Date:
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from the 
relevant Interest Period)]
–
Relevant Decimal Place:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]7
–
Relevant Number:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]
–
Numerator:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]
(viii)ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]
–
Reset Date:
[●]
                                                       
4
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the 
prior agreement of the Principal Paying Agent.
5
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest
Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the
Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".
6
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.
7
This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where
Compounded Daily SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 66 ---
58
(ix) Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)]
(x)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable]
(xiii)Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual [(ISDA)]]/
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/
[Actual/360]/
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
17
Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date
(ii)
Reset Rate:
[Mid-Swap Rate] [Reference Bond Rate]
(iii) Initial Mid-Swap Rate:
[[●] per cent.] [Not applicable]
(iv) First Reset Margin:
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(v)
Subsequent Reset Margin:
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(vi) Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date
(vii) Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date:
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]
(viii)Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date:
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [●]][Not Applicable]
(ix) First Reset Date:
[●]
(x)
Second Reset Date:
[[●]/[Not Applicable]
(xi) Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[[●] [and [●]]/[Not Applicable]
(xii) Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(xiii)Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] [Not applicable]
(xiv) Original 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
basis:
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly] [Not applicable]
(xv) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate:
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CITA]/[NIBOR]/[€STR]/[HIBOR]
/[SIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[STIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[CMS Rate] [Not 
applicable]
(xvi) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity:
[●][Not applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
59
(xvii)
Reset 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date)
(xviii)
Specified Time:
[●]
(xix) Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest,   
Calculation 
Agent   
Determination applicable or 
the last available Relevant 
Screen Page:
[Prior Rate of Interest/Calculation Agent Determination/The last 
available Relevant Screen Page] [Not applicable]
(xvii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360]
(xviii)
Determination Date(s):
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable]
(xix) Calculation Agent:
[●] [Not Applicable]
18
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph 18)
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[●]
(iii) Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts:
[30/360]/[Actual/360]/[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
19
Notice periods for Condition 5(c) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
–
Redemption for Taxation Reasons):
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days
20
Issuer Call:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph 20)
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount of each Note:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
(iii) If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●]
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●]
(iv) Notice period (if other than
as set out in the Conditions):
[●]
21
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
22
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note payable on redemption:
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 68 ---
60
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
23
Form of Notes:
(i)
Form:
[Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Bearer Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and 
after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]
[Registered Notes:
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] (that is, 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure (“NSS”))]
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form]
(ii)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
24
Additional Financial Centre(s)
[●]/[Not Applicable]
25
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature):
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons may 
be required if on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made]/[No]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By: ............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 69 ---
61
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing:
[Luxembourg/Oslo/other (specify)]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [●].]
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Oslo Stock Exchange 
with effect from [●].]
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [●] with effect from [●].]
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
The Notes to be issued [have been / are expected to be] rated:
[●] by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”)
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial transactions with 
and may perform other services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.
4
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[●][N/A]
5
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY)
[Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]/ [●].]/[Not Applicable]
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[●]
(ii)
Common Code:
[●]
(iii) [FISN:
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
62
(iv) [CFI Code:
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable]
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):
[●]/[Not
Applicable]/[VPS, Norway. VPS identification 
number: [●]].
(vi) Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[●]
(viii)Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[ and registered in the name of a 
nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that the relevant Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for registered notes]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that the relevant Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
7
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
Reason for the offer:
[General corporate purposes] / [Green Bonds: an amount equal 
to the net proceeds of the issue of the Green Bonds will be 
allocated to fund Eligible Green Loans ([set out any further 
required information here]). See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base 
Prospectus and the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and related 
information referred to therein.
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]

--- Page 71 ---
63
8
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of Distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(iii) Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement:
[●]
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/specify name]
(v)
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(vi) U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA
Retail Investors:
(viii)Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 72 ---
64
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme will be 
substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Exempt 
Notes and their issue. 
References to “Notes” in this Pricing Supplement shall be read and construed as a reference to Exempt 
Notes.
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. THE 
COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER HAS NEITHER APPROVED 
NOR REVIEWED ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND 
ANY NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT ARE NOT COMPLIANT 
WITH THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended or superseded (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
[Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309(B) of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of

--- Page 73 ---
65
the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale and 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended or superseded (“MiFID II”)] 
[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018] [EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme.
Pricing Supplement dated [●]
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
Legal Entity Identifier: 549300Q3OIWRHQUQM052
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.
                                                       
1
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309(B) of the SFA prior to launch of the offer.

--- Page 74 ---
66
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 10 June 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the “Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus may be 
obtained from [address].
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Ordinary Note Conditions] 
[VPS Conditions] set forth in the Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which 
are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus].
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
1
Series Number:
[●]
2
(a)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(b)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [[●]/the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]]
[Not Applicable]
3
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
(a)
Series:
[●]
(b)
Tranche:
[●]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●] (if applicable)]
6
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(b)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of two 
or more Specified Denominations.)
7
(a)
Issue Date:
[●]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8
Maturity Date:
[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 75 ---
67
Floating Rate]
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest]
[Zero Coupon]
[Index Linked Interest]
[Dual Currency Interest]
[Reset Notes]
[specify other]
(further particulars specified below)
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Index Linked Redemption]
[Dual Currency Redemption]
[Partly Paid]
[Instalment]
[specify other]
11
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable]
12
Call Option:
[Issuer Call]
[(further particulars specified below)]
[Not Applicable]
13
(a)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated]
(i)
Redemption upon occurrence 
of Capital Event and amounts 
payable on redemption 
therefor:
[Applicable – Condition 5(j) applies/Not Applicable (If 
applicable, specify the amount payable on redemption 
following a Capital Event)]
(Only relevant for Subordinated Notes)
(ii)
Redemption upon occurrence 
of MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on 
redemption therefor:
[Applicable – Condition 5(k) applies/Not Applicable (If 
applicable, specify the amount payable on redemption 
following a MREL Disqualification Event)]
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes)
(iii) Substitution or variation:
[Applicable 
–
Condition 
[5(l)/5(m)] 
applies/Not 
Applicable]
(Condition 5(l) is relevant for Subordinated Notes and 
Condition 5(m) is relevant for Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)
(b)
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[●] [and [●] respectively]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph 15)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 76 ---
68
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year from (and including) [●] up to and 
including the Maturity Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form)
(d)
Broken Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form)
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other]
(f)
[Determination Date(s):
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon]
(g)
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes:
[None/Give details]
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (c) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (c) below
is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(b)
Effective Interest Payment Date:
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to 
redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date fixed 
for redemption (include for Payment Delay only)]8/[Not 
Applicable]
(c)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify 
other]/Not
Applicable]
[For 
Payment Delay, always specify a Business Day 
Convention]
(d)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[●]
                                                       
8
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 77 ---
69
(e)
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/specify 
other]
(f)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent):
[●]
(g)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
— Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Insert the following only if Index Determination is not applicable]
— Reference Rate and Relevant 
Financial Centre:
Reference
Rate:
[●]
month
[currency]
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CITA]/[NIBOR]/[€ST
R]/[HIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[STIBOR]/[TIB
OR]/[CMS Rate]
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Oslo/Stockholm]
Reference Currency: [●]
Designated Maturity: [●]
Specified Time: [●] in the Relevant Financial Centre
— Reference Bank(s):
[●]
— Interest Determination Date(s):
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
each Interest Period (or immediately preceding such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Payment Date at 
the end of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include this 
wording for Payment Delay only]]9
— Relevant Screen Page:
[●]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York 
Federal Reserve’s Website]/[ECB’s Website]
— Calculation Method:
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable]
— Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay/Not 
Applicable]
— Observation Look-back Period:
[[●] Business Days]/[Not Applicable]10
— D:
[365/360/[Not Applicable]]
                                                       
9
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the 
prior agreement of the Principal Paying Agent.
10 The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination 
Date. “Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation Method; 
otherwise, select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 78 ---
70
— Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable -
used for Payment Delay only]11/[Not Applicable]
[Insert the following only if Index Determination is applicable]
— SONIA Compounded Index:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
— SOFR Compounded Index:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
— Interest Determination Date:
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the relevant Interest 
Period)]
— Relevant Decimal Place:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]12
— Relevant Number:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]
— Numerator:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]
(h)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
— Floating Rate Option:
[●]
— Designated Maturity:
[●]
— Reset Date:
[●]
(i)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]
(j)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(k)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(l)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(m) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)
Other]
(n)
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different 
[●]
                                                       
11 The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Principal Paying Agent.
12 This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where Compounded Daily 
SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 79 ---
71
from those set out in the Conditions:
16
Reset Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(b)
Reset Rate:
[Mid-Swap Rate] [Reference Bond Rate]
(c)
Initial Mid-Swap Rate:
[[●] per cent.] [Not applicable]
(d)
First Reset Margin:
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(e)
Subsequent Reset Margin:
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(f)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date
(g)
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]
(h)
Broken 
Amount(s) 
up to 
(but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest
Payment Date falling on [●]][Not Applicable]
(i)
First Reset Date:
[●]
(j)
Second Reset Date:
[[●]/[Not Applicable]
(k)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[[●] [and [●]]/[Not Applicable]
(l)
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(m) Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] [Not 
applicable]
(n)
Original Mid-Swap Rate basis:
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]
[Not 
applicable]
(o)
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate:
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[CITA]/[NIBOR]/[€ST
R]/[HIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[STIBOR]/[TIB
OR]/[CMS Rate] [Not applicable]
(p)
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity:
[●][Not applicable]
(q)
Reset Determination Date(s):
[●]
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date)
(r)
Specified Time:
[●]
(s)
Prior Rate of Interest,  Calculation 
Agent Determination
or the last 
available Relevant Screen Page
applicable:
[Prior Rate of Interest/Calculation Agent Determination
/The last available Relevant Screen Page]
[Not 
applicable]
(t)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360]
(u)
Determination Date(s):
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable]
(v)
Calculation Agent:
[●][Not Applicable]
17
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 80 ---
72
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[●]
(c)
Any 
other 
formula/basis
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes:
[●]
(d)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
18
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(a)
Index/Formula:
[●]
(b)
Calculation Agent:
[●]
(c)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent):
[●]
(d)
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable:
[●]
(e)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[●]
(f)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable]
(g)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[●]
(h)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(i)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[●]
19
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(a)
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange:
[●]
(b)
Party, 
if 
any, 
responsible 
for
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent):
[●]

--- Page 81 ---
73
(c)
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable:
[●]
(d)
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
20
Notice
periods 
for 
Condition
5(c)
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons):
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days
21
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount specify other/see Appendix]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
(i)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[●]
(ii)
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[●]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days
22
Final Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix]
23
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required):
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24
Form of Notes:
(a)
Form:
[Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Bearer Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]]

--- Page 82 ---
74
[Registered Notes:
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (“NSS”))]
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form]
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
25
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/[●]]
26
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No]
27
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
28
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)
— Instalment Amount(s):
[●]
— Instalment Date(s):
[●]
29
Other terms or special conditions:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:
..............................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 83 ---
75
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
[specify market - note this must not be a regulated 
market] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]
4
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[●]
(ii)
Common Code:
[●]
(iii) [FISN:
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable]
(iv) [CFI Code:
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable]
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[●]/[Not
Applicable]/[VPS, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification number: [●]]
(vi) Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii) Names and addresses of additional
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
(viii)Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem

--- Page 84 ---
76
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper][include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]
5
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
Reason for the offer:
[General corporate purposes] / [Green Bonds: an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Green Bonds 
will be allocated to fund Eligible Green Loans ([set out 
any further required information here]). See “Use of 
Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus and the Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework and related information referred to 
therein.
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
6
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi) Additional selling restrictions:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)
(viii)Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”

--- Page 85 ---
77
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 86 ---
78
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORDINARY NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes (the “Ordinary Note Conditions”) which 
will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon 
or attached thereto such Ordinary Note Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to 
the extent inconsistent with the following Ordinary Note Conditions, replace or modify the following Ordinary 
Note Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.
The applicable Final Terms (which term in these Ordinary Note Conditions in relation to Exempt Notes shall 
be deemed to refer to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant, as set out below) (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Ordinary Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below).
References herein to the “Ordinary Notes” or the “Notes” shall be references to the Ordinary Notes of this 
Series and shall mean:
(i)
in relation to any Ordinary Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of the lowest 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms (“Specified Denomination”) in the currency specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (“Specified Currency”);
(ii)
any Global Note;
(iii)
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Definitive Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and
(iv)
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Definitive Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form).
The Ordinary Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 10 June 2021 and made between, among others, the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the 
“Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
registrar), and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agent and together with any additional transfer agent, the 
“Transfer Agents”).
Interest bearing Bearer Definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which 
when issued in definitive form have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes (as defined below) in definitive 
form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of

--- Page 87 ---
79
principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
The final terms for this Ordinary Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Ordinary Note which complete these Ordinary Note Conditions or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are 
set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Ordinary Note Conditions, replace or modify these 
Ordinary Note Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to 
Part A of the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Part A of the Pricing Supplement) (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) which are attached to or endorsed on this Ordinary Note. 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Ordinary Notes shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) the holders of the Ordinary Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose 
name the Ordinary Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Ordinary Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Receiptholders” shall mean the holders of the 
Receipts and any reference herein to “Couponholder” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Ordinary Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same 
terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
The Ordinary Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed 
of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Deed of Covenant”) dated 7 July 2017 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held 
by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below).
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the other Paying 
Agents and the Transfer Agents (together referred to as the “Agents”). Copies of the applicable Final Terms 
are available for viewing at the specified registered office of each of the Issuer and of the Principal Paying 
Agent. If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by an 
Ordinary Noteholder holding one or more such Ordinary Notes and such Ordinary Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Ordinary Notes and 
identity. The Ordinary Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, 
and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Ordinary Note Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Ordinary Note Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 88 ---
80
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Ordinary Notes are in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or registered form (“Registered Notes”), and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). 
Ordinary Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Ordinary Notes of another 
Specified Denomination.
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or any other form of note issued by the Issuer, and 
vice versa.
Unless this Ordinary Note is an Exempt Note, this Ordinary Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note (which term shall include a CMS Linked Interest Note if this Note is specified as being a CMS Linked 
Interest Note in the applicable Final Terms), a Reset Note or a Zero Coupon Note, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.
If this Ordinary Note is an Exempt Note, this Ordinary Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note 
(which term shall include a CMS Linked Interest Note if this Note is specified as being a CMS Linked 
Interest Note in the applicable Pricing Supplement), a Reset Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked 
Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
If this Ordinary Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
This Ordinary Note may also be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated 
Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
This Ordinary Note may be a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.
Bearer Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached. Bearer Definitive Notes will also be issued with 
Talons attached, if applicable and specified in the Final Terms, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) 
deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next paragraph.
For so long as any of the Ordinary Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Ordinary 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, 
and any other Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Ordinary Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Ordinary 
Notes, for which purpose, in the case of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, the bearer of the relevant

--- Page 89 ---
81
Bearer Global Note or, in the case of a Registered Global Note, the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Bearer Global Note or Registered Global Note, as the case may be, and the expressions 
“Noteholders” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes which are 
represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Registered Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, except in 
relation to Notes in NGN (as defined in Condition 4(c)) form, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.
2
Status of the Ordinary Notes 
(a)
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes
This Condition applies only to Senior Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(i)
The Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law) at least pari passu with 
all other unsecured obligations (including deposits) (but in any event senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and other obligations which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or 
junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time 
outstanding. So long as any of the Senior Preferred Notes remains outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons rank and will rank at least pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including deposits) and with 
all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of third parties 
(but in any event in each case senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and other obligations which 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), in 
each case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law.
(ii)
No right of set-off or counterclaim
No Noteholder or Couponholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Senior Preferred Notes or Coupons held by such Noteholder or Couponholder, as 
the case may be.
(b)
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes
This Condition applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(i)
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves.
(ii)
Subject as set out in Condition 2(b)(iii) below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, claims of the Noteholders and the

--- Page 90 ---
82
Couponholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and the Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Coupons and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank:
(A)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(B)
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-
Preferred Claims, if any;
(C)
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and
(D)
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors.
(iii)
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway on 1 July 2021, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and the relative Coupons shall rank within the class of unsecured debt 
instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of 
the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive (for the avoidance of doubt, should 
there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking in Norway in order to implement the 
provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD and the ranking as set out in Condition 2(b)(ii) above, 
such statutory ranking shall prevail).
(iv)
Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive).
“Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the 
ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation (or, 
as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such 
Directive).
“Non-Preferred Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including, inter alia, Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities (as defined in 
Condition 2(c))).
“Non-Preferred Parity Securities” means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
“Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes) other than creditors in respect of 
any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any.
“Statutory Non-Preferred Claims” means, from 1 July 2021, unsecured claims resulting from 
debt instruments that meet the following conditions:
(A)
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year;

--- Page 91 ---
83
(B)
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves; and
(C)
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to 
the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph.
(v)
No right of set-off or counterclaim
No Noteholder or Couponholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons held by such Noteholder or 
Couponholder, as the case may be.
(c)
Status of the Subordinated Notes
This Condition 2(c) applies only to Subordinated Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(i)
The Subordinated Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (ansvarlig 
lånekapital) of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. The Subordinated Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 2(c)(ii).
(ii)
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the 
Subordinated Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Subordinated Notes and any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank:
(A)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(B)
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities;
(C)
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and
(D)
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors.
(iii)
No Noteholder or Couponholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes or Coupons held by such Noteholder or Couponholder, as the 
case may be.
(iv)
Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:
“Financial Institutions Act” means the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 10 
April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 No. 17), as 
amended.
“Relevant Regulator” means the FSAN and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 17(c)) (if applicable), 
in any case as determined by the Issuer.
“Specified Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer; (b) holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes; (c) holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (both before and after the time at which the

--- Page 92 ---
84
Creditor Hierarchy Directive is implemented in Norway); (d) creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any; (e) all 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (to the extent not referred to above); and (f) creditors 
who are subordinated creditors of the Issuer (whether in the event of the liquidation, 
dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer or otherwise) other than those 
subordinated creditors whose claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari 
passu with or junior to the claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes.
“Subordinated Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the claims of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes.
“Subordinated Parity Securities” means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer 
which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant 
Regulator, any guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by 
the Issuer in respect of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary (as 
defined below) of the Issuer which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any 
instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support 
arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu
therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities.
In this Condition 2, “Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1-3 of the Norwegian 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 1997.
3
Interest
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.
As used in these Ordinary Note Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(ii)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 93 ---
85
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub- unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding
In these Ordinary Note Conditions:
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3(a):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of Ordinary Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or
(B)
in the case of Ordinary Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and
(ii)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent.

--- Page 94 ---
86
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls within the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, within the 
specified period after the Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Ordinary Note Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date).
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Ordinary Note Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:
(A)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined 
in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D))) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 95 ---
87
(B)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)); and
(C)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which TARGET2 
System is open.
(ii)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub- paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (and the Notes are not CMS 
Linked Interest Notes and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
not SONIA, SOFR or €STR), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 3(f), be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 96 ---
88
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate being the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, the Reference Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes (other than 
CMS Linked Interest Notes and Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or
€STR) shall be LIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, TIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR 
or STIBOR which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as 
at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1), no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (2), fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each 
case at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Principal Paying Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent. “Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of a 
determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four major banks in the London 
inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or (iii) in the case of 
a determination of any other Reference Rate, the principal Relevant Financial Centre 
office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in 
each case selected by the Principal Paying Agent in consultation with the Issuer.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Principal Paying Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is 
used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of

--- Page 97 ---
89
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and where “CMS Rate” is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula:
CMS Rate plus Margin
If (for the purposes of determining the applicable CMS Rate) the Relevant Screen Page 
is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
three or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating (only where four or five of the Reference Banks provide such 
quotation) the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest).
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C):
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 98 ---
90
“Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five leading swap dealers in the Eurozone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, in 
each case selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer.
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i)
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating 
euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”)) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions;
(ii)
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater 
than one year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or 
less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months;
(iii)
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and
(iv)
in the case of Exempt Notes only, where the Reference Currency is any other 
currency or if the applicable Final Terms specifies otherwise, the mid-market 
swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 99 ---
91
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time.
(D)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR
(1)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the Final Terms as SONIA, SOFR or €STR:
(i)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as 
being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 3(f) or Condition 3(g), 
as the case may be, and Condition 3(b)(iii) and subject as provided below) 
be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation
Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards.
(ii)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as 
being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 3(f) or Condition 3(g), 
as the case may be, and Condition 3(b)(iii) and subject as provided below) 
be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
(2)
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 3(f), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be:
(i)
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus 
(y) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or
(ii)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors),

--- Page 100 ---
92
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly.
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 3(f), in 
the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation
Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance 
to the extent practicable, and to the extent such guidance does not increase the 
obligations or duties of the Calculation Agent, in order to determine the SONIA 
rate, for the purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors.
(3)
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 3(g), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for 
the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly).
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 3(f), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the 
first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly).
(4)
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
Condition 3(f) or Condition 3(g), as the case may be, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest 
Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period.
(5)
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 8, the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due

--- Page 101 ---
93
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(6)
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D):
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the 
Notes being payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as references to 
interest on the Notes being payable on the corresponding Effective Interest 
Payment Date instead;
“Applicable Period” means:
(i)
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement, Interest Period; and
(ii)
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, Observation Period;
“Business Day” or “BD” means (i) where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where 
“SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; and (iii) where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open;
“Calculation Method” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement and further provided for below) as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards:
1 + 	
  

 −1



  

where:
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement;
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Applicable Period; and
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period;

--- Page 102 ---
94
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such Business Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on 
the website of the European Central Bank, being as at the date of the Agency 
Agreement
at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each case, on or 
before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day;
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; and
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date;
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following Business Day;
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, being as at the date of the Agency Agreement at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York;
"Observation Method" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Pricing Supplement;
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable);
"p" means, for any Interest Period:
(i)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the number of Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five Business Days);
(ii)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, zero; and
(iii)
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the number of 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in

--- Page 103 ---
95
the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if no such 
number is specified, five Business Days);
"r" means:
(i)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement 
"SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day;
(ii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, 
the SOFR in respect of such Business Day;
(iii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement "€STR" 
is specified as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation 
Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business 
Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day;
(iv)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement
"SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is specified 
as the Observation Method:
(a)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and
(b)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(v)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement "SOFR" 
is specified as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method:
(a)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and
(b)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(vi)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement "€STR" 
is specified as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method:

--- Page 104 ---
96
(a)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
€STR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day; and
(b)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date);
(vii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement
"SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in 
the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be 
the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;
(viii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement "SOFR" 
is specified as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as 
the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in 
respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the 
last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and
(ix)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement "€STR" 
is specified as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as 
the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in 
respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the 
last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement;
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above 
for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i";
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate)

--- Page 105 ---
97
on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New 
York City Time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means:
(i)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference 
Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and
(ii)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of 
such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day 
of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed 
to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day 
shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day.
(E)
Index Determination
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in

--- Page 106 ---
98
accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Pricing Supplement) the Margin:
   !  "
  !  #$%	$ −1& ' 	%$	

where:
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing
Supplement;
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such 
Interest Period);
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined;
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days;
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, be 365 in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index;
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may 
be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, be five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index;
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any 
successor source; and

--- Page 107 ---
99
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on 
the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source.
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in respect 
of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the 
administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest 
Period in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) as if Index Determination was not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the 
Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation 
Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-back Period 
shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator 
and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer 
in consultation with the Calculation Agent. If (x) a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 3(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect 
of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(E) and (y) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of 
Condition 3(g) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(E).
(iii)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts
In this paragraph (iv), the “Relevant Person” means (x) in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
which are not CMS Linked Interest Notes and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Principal Paying Agent and (y) in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes or for which the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Calculation Agent.
The Relevant Person will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
Where the Relevant Person is the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
The Relevant Person will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 108 ---
100
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Bearer Global 
Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount,
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3(b):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non- leap year divided
by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[)*+ , (./  .0 )] + [)+ , (3/  30 )]+(4/ - D0)
)*+
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 109 ---
101
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[)*+ , (./  .0 )] + [)+ , (3/ - 30 )]+(4/ - D0)
)*+
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
[)*+ , (./  .0 )]+ [)+ , (3/ - 30 )]+(4/ - 40)
)*+
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and

--- Page 110 ---
102
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30.
(v)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Relevant Person (as defined in sub-paragraph (iv) above) will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed (other than in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, by no later than the 
first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London.
(vii)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Ordinary Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Ordinary Noteholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.

--- Page 111 ---
103
(c)
Exempt Notes
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, CMS Rate, SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 3(b) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to Index 
Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.
(d)
Interest on Reset Notes
(i)
Rate of Interest
Each Reset Note bears interest:
(a)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date (the “Initial Period”), at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(b)
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(c)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest.
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period falling in 
the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on the first 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified.
The Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of Interest in respect of a 
Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of Interest for such Reset Period. 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent will calculate the

--- Page 112 ---
104
amount of interest (the “Reset Notes Interest Amount”) payable on the Reset Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to:
(A)
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or
(B)
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
(ii)
Fallbacks Provision for Mid-Swap Rate Reset Notes
Where, in relation to any Reset Notes, the “Reset Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as being the “Mid-Swap Rate”, if on 
any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, subject to the provisions in Condition 3(f) or 
Condition 3(g), as the case may be, be determined by the Principal Paying Agent, or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(a)
the Principal Paying Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the 
Principal Paying Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Reset Determination Date in question;
(b)
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer;
(c)
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent;
(d)
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be

--- Page 113 ---
105
equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent; and
(e)
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(d), the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be 
either:
(A)
if Prior Rate of Interest is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, equal to the sum of (A) 
the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last preceding Reset Determination 
Date and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first Reset 
Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum 
of (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent in consultation with the 
Issuer; or
(B)
if Calculation Agent Determination is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement,
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer 
taking into consideration all available information that it in good faith 
deems relevant; or
(C)
if the last available Relevant Screen Page is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
last available Relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant Reset 
Determination Date.
(iii)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
In respect of a Reset Period, the Principal Paying Agent will cause the relevant Rate of Interest 
in respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest 
Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined 
in Condition 3(b)(vii)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes Interest Amount so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.
(iv)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the

--- Page 114 ---
106
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Ordinary Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Ordinary Noteholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.
(v)
Definitions
In this Condition 3(d), the following terms shall bear the following meanings:
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given in Condition 3(a).
“First Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement.
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date.
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, and subject to the 
provisions of the definitions of “Mid-Swap Rate” or “Reference Bond Rate” (as applicable) and 
any necessary adjustment determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, (for example, conversion of an annual rate to a 
semi-annual rate) (as applicable), the rate of interest determined by such person on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate and the First Reset Margin.
“Interest Period” has the meaning given in Condition 3(b).
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent).
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate.
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the reference rate specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement.
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(d)(ii), either:
(a)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency:

--- Page 115 ---
107
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(b)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent.
“Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis shall be annual, 
semi-annual, quarterly or monthly.
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality.
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable.
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer as having a comparable maturity with the 
relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in 
the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period.
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond (as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four 
decimal places) of the Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, with the price of the 
Reference Bond for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices 
of such Reference Bond quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3:00 p.m. (London time) on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following 
Business Day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will 
be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond 
Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is

--- Page 116 ---
108
provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Reset Rate shall not be determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and 
the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial 
Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
which applied to the last preceding Reset Period (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, 
in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period).
“Relevant Reset Margin” means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset 
Margin or the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Reset Period.
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates.
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable), in each case as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, relevant Pricing Supplement.
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be.
“Reset Rate” means (A) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, or (B) if Reference 
Bond Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Reference Bond Rate.
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Principal Paying Agent 
or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent in consultation with the 
Issuer.
“Subsequent Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement.
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be.
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, and 
subject to the provisions of the definitions of “Mid-Swap Rate” or “Reference Bond Rate” (as 
applicable) and any necessary adjustment determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, (for example, conversion of an 
annual rate to a semi-annual rate) (as applicable), the rate of interest determined by such person
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate and the 
applicable Subsequent Reset Margin.

--- Page 117 ---
109
(e)
Accrual of interest
Each Ordinary Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of an Ordinary Note, that part only 
of such Ordinary Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of:
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Ordinary Note have been paid; and
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such 
Ordinary Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 below.
(f)
Benchmark discontinuation
Notwithstanding any other provisions of Conditions 3(b) and 3(d), where the Original Reference Rate 
or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, applicable to the Notes is not SOFR, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply (provided that, in the case of Reset Notes, such appointment
need not be made earlier than 30 days prior to the first date on which the Original Reference Rate is to 
be used to determine any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof)).
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(f)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(f)(iv)).
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(f)(i) and the Issuer shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Registrar, the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, or the Noteholders, as applicable, for any 
determination made by the Issuer and/or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with 
any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 3(f)(i).
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3(f)(i) 
prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the relevant Screen Page prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the

--- Page 118 ---
110
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 
3(f)(i).
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f)(i) only, in respect of any Reset Notes, references to (i) 
Interest Determination Date shall be read as references to Reset Determination Date, (ii) 
Interest Period shall be read as references to Reset Period and (iii) Interest Payment Date shall 
be read as references to Reset Note Reset Date.
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(f)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 3(f)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(f) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 3(f)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 3(f)(iv), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 3(f)(iv) to which, in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.

--- Page 119 ---
111
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(f)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f)(iv), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will 
any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the then current 
or future Notes, (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as 
eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the Relevant 
Regulator or by the loss absorption regulations and/or, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, as 
Tier 2 Capital. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f)(iv), in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the 
applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.
(v)
Notices
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3(f) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any, and 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any),
in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3(f), the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its 
own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3(f)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3(d)(ii) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.
(vii)
Definitions

--- Page 120 ---
112
As used in this Condition 3(f):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate);
(ii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser determines, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such spread is customarily applied);
(iii)
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt
capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate;
(iv)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(v)
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate;
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 3(f)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining Rates of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(f)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(1)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(2)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(3)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or

--- Page 121 ---
113
(4)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or
(5)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or 
will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or
(6)
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate;
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall 
have any responsibility for making such determination.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 3(f)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(1)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(2)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
(g)
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event

--- Page 122 ---
114
Where the Original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the 
Notes is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3(b) and 3(d), as 
applicable, this Condition 3(g) shall apply.
(i)
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.
(ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
(iii) Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3(g), including any determination with respect to 
a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. The 
Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent will not have any liability for any determination made by 
or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a 
Benchmark Replacement.
In no event shall the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent be responsible for 
determining if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, 
or for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the 
business day convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant 
methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection 
with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent will be entitled to 
conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will have no 
liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 3(g), no Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole 
discretion, that such Benchmark Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice, after the application of the applicable Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and the further 
decisions and determinations as described below, the qualification of (i) the Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes as eligible liabilities or (ii) the 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or as eligible liabilities.
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable) is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately

--- Page 123 ---
115
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that immediately preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable), or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for 
the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding Reset Determination Date, the Initial Rate of 
Interest.
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g):
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(B)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or
(C)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:
(A)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining

--- Page 124 ---
116
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time;
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark
Replacement, any technical,
administrative
or
operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Issuer or its designee determine is reasonablynecessary);
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or
(B)
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced
therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component);
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank 
for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or

--- Page 125 ---
117
such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative;
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as 
designee for the Notes in writing;
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark;
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and
"Unadjusted
Benchmark
Replacement"
means
the
Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
4
Payments
(a)
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and
(ii)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
In the case of Bearer Notes, payments in U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar account 
maintained by the payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, as used in this 
Condition 6 below, means the United States of America, including the State and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction), or by cheque drawn

--- Page 126 ---
118
on a United States bank. All payments in respect of Bearer Notes will be made to accounts located 
outside the United States, or by cheque mailed to an address outside of the United States, except as 
may be permitted by United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to 
the Issuer.
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives 
or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 below. References herein to 
“specified currency” will include any successor currency under applicable law.
(b)
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Definitive Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Bearer Definitive Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of Bearer Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to 
the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 18 below) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 7 below) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any interest-bearing Definitive Notes is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment

--- Page 127 ---
119
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant Bearer Definitive Note.
(c)
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Ordinary Notes represented by any Bearer 
Global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
Bearer Definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. On the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Global 
Note which is not issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, a record of such payment made on such 
Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent, and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made and (ii) in the case of any Global Note which is a 
NGN, the Principal Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make 
appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment.
(d)
Payments in respect of Registered Notes
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of business on the third business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Registered Notes held by a 
holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), 
payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as 
defined below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro.
Payments of interest and of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global 
form) will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located 
immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of the business day (in the ICSDs) prior to the 
Payment Date (the “Record Date”) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his 
risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business 
days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any 
payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due 
date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be 
deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and of 
principal in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the 
initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder.

--- Page 128 ---
120
Payment of the interest and principal due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note.
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition 4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.
None of the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests.
(e)
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 4(a) above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment 
will be made in the manner provided in Condition 4(d) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment 
together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note 
to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.
(f)
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Ordinary Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer or, as the case may be to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if:
(i)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 129 ---
121
(ii)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(iii)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer.
(g)
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Ordinary Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the 
next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 7 below) 
is:
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:
(A)
in the case of Ordinary Notes in Definitive Form, the relevant place of presentation; and
(B)
any Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET 2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(C)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and
(iii)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer.
(h)
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in these Ordinary Note Conditions to principal in respect of the Ordinary Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable:
(i)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6;
(ii)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Ordinary Notes; 
(iii)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Ordinary Notes;
(iv)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Ordinary Notes; 
(v)
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts;
(vi)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(d)); 
and
(vii)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Ordinary Notes.

--- Page 130 ---
122
(viii)
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 5.
5
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (pursuant to Condition 
5(l)) substituted, each Ordinary Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which shall be at least equal to the Nominal Amount of each Note) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.
(b)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
This Condition 5(b) is not applicable for Subordinated Notes prior to five years from their Issue Date 
and references to “Ordinary Notes” in this Condition 5(b) shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 5(i), if Issuer Call is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, having given:
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 below; and
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, and to the Registrar,
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Ordinary Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a 
partial redemption of Ordinary Notes, the Ordinary Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Ordinary Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
“Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Ordinary Notes, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less 
than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
Subject as provided in Condition 5(i), the Ordinary Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Ordinary Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date, (if the Ordinary Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Ordinary Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 131 ---
123
(i)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Ordinary Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any 
authority therein having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Ordinary Notes; 
(ii)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and
(iii)
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the effect of such obligation is material on the Issuer,
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Ordinary Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agents to make available to the Ordinary Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(d)
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of paragraphs (c) and (d) above and Condition 8:
(i)
Each Ordinary Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and
(ii)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:
where:
“RP” means the Reference Price;
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day 
year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) 
or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and

--- Page 132 ---
124
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365.
(e)
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of 
Condition 5(b), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only 
on an Interest Payment Date.
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(f)
Purchases
Subject as provided in Condition 5(i), the Issuer or any Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Issuer 
may at any time purchase Ordinary Notes (provided that, in the case of Bearer Definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons, Receipts and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Such Ordinary Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation.
For the purposes of this Condition:
“Subsidiary” means any legal entity in which the Issuer either (i) directly or indirectly owns or controls 
more than 50 per cent. of the entity’s shares and votes, or (ii) is entitled to appoint or remove a 
majority of the entity’s directors.
(g)
Cancellation
All Ordinary Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
Bearer Definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith at the time of redemption). All Ordinary Notes so cancelled and any Ordinary Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (e) above (together with, in the case of Bearer 
Definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
(h)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(ii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 133 ---
125
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.
(i)
Consent
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 5(f), substitution or variation 
under Condition 5(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), substitution or variation under Condition 
5(m) (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes) or modification under 
Condition 14 shall take place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (in each 
case, if, and to the extent, then required by the rules of the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations, as 
defined in Condition 5(k)). In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to 
Condition 5(c) or 5(j) only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the 
Issuer may only redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to 
exercise such right of redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes under Condition 5(a) and repayment of any of them pursuant to Condition 8, shall 
not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator.
(j)
Redemption upon Capital Event – Subordinated Notes
This Condition 5(j) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 5(j) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes which are Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) above together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of the 
relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
(k)
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, where applicable
This Condition 5(k) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each 
case, only where this Condition 5(k) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to “Ordinary Notes”, 
“Noteholders” and “Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(i), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time 
(in the case of Ordinary Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the 
case of Ordinary Notes which are Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the Ordinary 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) above together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of the relevant notice 
period, the Issuer shall redeem the Ordinary Notes.

--- Page 134 ---
126
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group).
“CRD IV” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR 
and any CRD IV Implementing Measures.
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision 
of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to 
time.
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) 
to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof).
“CRR” means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time.
In this Condition 5(k), “Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Ordinary Notes, the Ordinary 
Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or 
successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such 
MREL Requirement, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of the Ordinary Notes being less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) 
any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded.
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group.
(l)
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes
This Condition 5(l) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 5(l) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 135 ---
127
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 17(c), the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i) (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes (including changing 
the governing law of Condition 17(c), from English law to Norwegian law) so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such 
substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or 
varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Subordinated Notes.
“Qualifying Subordinated Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:
(a)
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 17(c) to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(c), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as 
the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as 
the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements of 
the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under the 
Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (6) other than 
in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 17(c) to Norwegian law in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(c), where Subordinated Notes 
which have been substituted or varied had a solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer.
In these Terms and Conditions, “Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited or its 
successor.
(m)
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, where 
applicable
This Condition 5(m) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each 
case, only where this Condition 5(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to “Ordinary Notes”, 
“Noteholders” and “Couponholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(c), the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent

--- Page 136 ---
128
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Ordinary Notes for, or vary the terms of the Ordinary Notes 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 17(c), from English law to Norwegian law) so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined below), provided that 
such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Ordinary 
Notes.
“Qualifying MREL Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:
(a)
other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 17(c) to Norwegian law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(c), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Ordinary Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Ordinary Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
(2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Ordinary Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may 
be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Ordinary Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Ordinary Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (6) other than in the case of a change to the governing law of 
Condition 17(c) to Norwegian law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 17(c), where Ordinary Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited 
rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published 
rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Ordinary Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer.
6
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Ordinary Notes Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts in respect of interest on such Notes as shall result 
in receipt by the Ordinary Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders of such amounts of interest
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Ordinary Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Ordinary Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of the 
Ordinary Note, Receipt or Coupon or

--- Page 137 ---
129
(ii)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day.
As used in these Ordinary Note Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Ordinary Note, Receipt or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Ordinary Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Ordinary Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Ordinary Note Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the terms and conditions of the Notes, any amounts to be paid by or 
on behalf of the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding Tax”). None of the Issuer or any other person will be 
required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.
7
Prescription
The Ordinary Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 18 below) in respect thereof.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 7 or Condition 4(b) above or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 4(b) above.
8
Events of Default
(a)
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes.
(b)
Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes
This Condition shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing:
(i)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer; or
(ii)
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment 
of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in 
relation to the Issuer and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within 14 days; or

--- Page 138 ---
130
(iii)
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, 
then any holder of a Senior Preferred Note or Senior Non-Preferred Note, as applicable, may, by 
written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date 
of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Senior Preferred Note or Senior Non-
Preferred Note, as applicable, held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same 
shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
5(d)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind.
9
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
Should any Ordinary Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in London (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant 
of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Ordinary Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
10
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Notes
(a)
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees 
of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Registered Definitive Notes or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.
(b)
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered 
Definitive Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) 
surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the 
form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be 
required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the 
documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may 
from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency 
Agreement).

--- Page 139 ---
131
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal 
or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at 
its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Definitive Note of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of 
the transfer of part only of a Registered Definitive Note, a new Registered Definitive Note in respect of 
the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the address specified by the transferor.
(c)
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of Ordinary Notes under Condition 5 above, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption.
(d)
Costs of registration
Noteholders of Registered Notes will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.
11
Paying Agents, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent and Registrar
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agents, and 
initial Transfer Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or additional or 
other Registrars, Transfer Agents, or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, or Calculation Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
so long as the Ordinary Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent), 
in the case of Bearer Notes, and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), in the case of 
Registered Notes, with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of such stock exchange or other relevant authority;
(b)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) with a specified 
office in a city in continental Europe outside Norway;
(c)
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved by the Issuer; 
and
(d)
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom and, so long as 
the Ordinary Notes are listed on any stock exchange, in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in Condition 4(f) above. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall

--- Page 140 ---
132
only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 
30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Ordinary Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 below.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Ordinary Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent.
12
Exchange of Talons
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7 
above.
13
Notices
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the Ordinary Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that such publication will 
be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which any Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of 
the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers.
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, 
in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice 
will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Ordinary Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) and such notice by mail in connection with the 
Registered Notes the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Ordinary Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of such Notes on the day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 141 ---
133
Notices to be given by any Ordinary Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Ordinary Note in definitive form) with the relevant Ordinary Note or Ordinary Notes, with 
the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Ordinary Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of an Ordinary Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.
14
Meetings of Ordinary Noteholders, Modification and Waiver
(a)
Provisions with respect to Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Ordinary Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of 
a modification of the Ordinary Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Ordinary Noteholders holding 
not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Ordinary Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Ordinary Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Ordinary 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the 
rate of interest payable in respect of the Ordinary Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Ordinary Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one-third in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Ordinary Noteholders (or as described in the 
following paragraph) shall be binding on all the Ordinary Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting (or whether or not they participated as provided in the following paragraph, as the case 
may be), and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution (a) in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes outstanding or (b) by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant 
clearing system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Ordinary Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Ordinary Noteholders duly convened and held. A resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in like form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Ordinary Noteholders.
(b)
Modification
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Ordinary 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to:
(i)
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Ordinary Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Ordinary Noteholders; or

--- Page 142 ---
134
(ii)
any modification of the Ordinary Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement or 
the Deed of Covenant which is:
(A)
of a formal, minor or technical nature;
(B)
is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or
(C)
is made to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Ordinary Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Ordinary Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 above as soon as practicable thereafter.
15
Further Issues
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Ordinary Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same 
as the Ordinary Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Ordinary Notes.
16
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Ordinary Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
17
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Ordinary Notes (except for Condition 2 above) and 
the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 2 above is governed 
by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
(b)
Submission to jurisdiction
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, Ordinary Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England and Wales are to have jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Ordinary Notes, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Ordinary Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Ordinary Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
(including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Ordinary Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons) 
may be brought in such courts.
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any

--- Page 143 ---
135
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.
Nothing contained in this Condition 17 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.
(c)
Contractual Recognition of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 17(c), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:
(i)
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof:
(A)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes;
(B)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;
(C)
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and
(D)
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority.
In this Condition 17(c):
“Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, 
relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of Directive 2014/59/EU as amended or replaced 
from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which 
any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period);
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; and
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 144 ---
136
(d)
Appointment of Process Agent in England
The Issuer appoints Hackwood Secretaries Limited at its registered office at One Silk Street, London, 
EC2Y 8HQ, England as its agent for service of process in England, and undertakes that, in the event of 
Hackwood Secretaries Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
18
Definitions
In these Ordinary Note Conditions, the following words shall have the following meanings:
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the generality of 
the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by 
a governmental authority from time to time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or 
to the Issuer and its subsidiaries);
“Calculation Agency Agreement” in relation to any Series of Ordinary Notes requiring a calculation agent (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) means an agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent for such purposes;
“Calculation Agent” means, in relation to the Ordinary Notes of any Series requiring a calculation agent (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), (i) the person appointed as calculation agent in relation to the 
Ordinary Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation Agency Agreement (or any other 
agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in respect of the Ordinary Notes or 
(ii) the Principal Paying Agent if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;
“Calculation Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to calculate Fixed Coupon Amount(s), Broken Amount(s), the relevant Final Redemption Amount and 
the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as applicable);
“Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant Regulator, that, as 
a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes are excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 2 capital of the 
Issuer, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer in a certificate signed by two authorised signatories, 
provided that a Capital Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by reason of any 
applicable limit on the amount of such capital under the Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time;
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen inter-bank offered rate;
“CITA” means the Copenhagen t/n Interest Average;
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate;
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty;
“FSAN” means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) or such other agency of the 
Kingdom of Norway as assumes or performs the functions as at the Issue Date performed by the FSAN;
“HIBOR” means the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate;

--- Page 145 ---
137
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in the case of interest bearing Ordinary Notes, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from and including which the Ordinary Notes bear interest, which may or may not 
be the Issue Date;
“Issue Date” means, in respect of any Ordinary Notes, the date of issue and purchase of the Ordinary Notes, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
“LIBOR” means the London inter-bank offered rate;
“NIBOR” means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate administered by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and 
calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS) acting as calculation agent (or any other 
person which takes over the administration and/or calculation of that rate) for the relevant period (before any 
correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator);
“records” of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg means the records that each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the 
Notes;
“Reference Rate” means LIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, HIBOR, SIBOR, STIBOR, TIBOR, 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
“Register” means the register of bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant to the Regulations;
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
monies payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such monies having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 above;
“SIBOR” means the Singapore Inter-bank offered rate;
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm Inter-bank offered rate;
“TIBOR” means the Tokyo inter-bank offered rate;
“Tier 2 capital” means Tier 2 capital as defined in the CRR as incorporated in Norway through Section 2 of 
the Norwegian regulation of 22 August 2014 no. 1097 on CRR/CRD IV (Nw. Forskrift 22. august 2014 nr. 
1097 om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), as amended or replaced; and
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 146 ---
138
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (“VPS Conditions”). VPS Notes will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. 
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and 
register maintained by Euronext VPS.
The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following VPS 
Conditions, replace or modify the following VPS Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. References to 
“Final Terms” in these VPS Conditions in relation to Exempt Notes shall be deemed to refer to the applicable 
Pricing Supplement where relevant. Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the 
content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS 
Notes.
References herein to the “VPS Notes” or the “Notes” shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and 
shall mean notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary (Verdipapirsentralen) trading 
as Euronext VPS (“VPS Notes” and “Euronext VPS”, respectively).
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with 
Euronext VPS.
As used herein, “Tranche” means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of VPS Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
The final terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms which complete these VPS Conditions or, if this VPS Note is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an “Exempt 
Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with these VPS Conditions, replace or modify these VPS Conditions for the purposes of this tranche of VPS 
Notes. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Part A of the Pricing Supplement) (or the relevant provisions thereof) which supplement these VPS 
Conditions.
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of the trust agreement (such trust agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “VPS Trustee Agreement”), dated 7 July 2017 made 
between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee ASA (the “VPS Trustee”, which expression shall include any successor 
as VPS Trustee).
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the VPS Notes from time to time (the “VPS 
Noteholders” and the “holders of VPS Notes”), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and these VPS Conditions.

--- Page 147 ---
139
Copies of the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the office 
of the Issuer at Christen Tranes gate 35, 4007 Stavanger, Norway, and at the office of the VPS Trustee at 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 Oslo, Norway.
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these VPS 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The VPS Notes are issued in uncertificated book entry form in the currency and Specified Denomination(s) as 
shown in Part A of the relevant Final Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant VPS Notes) and will be registered with a separate 
securities identification code in Euronext VPS.
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice versa. VPS 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of another 
Specified Denomination. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note (which term shall include a CMS Linked 
Interest Note if this Note is specified as being a CMS Linked Interest Note in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), a Reset Note or a Zero Coupon Note, depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
If this VPS Note is an Exempt Note, this VPS Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
A VPS Note may be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
A VPS Note may be a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms.
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext 
VPS. The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one issued on behalf of 
Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder.
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect accountholders 
of Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that are in force from time to 
time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS 
Note.

--- Page 148 ---
140
2
Status of the VPS Notes
(a)
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes
This Condition applies only to Senior Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(i)
The Senior Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for any obligations preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations 
(including deposits) (but in any event senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and other 
obligations which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time outstanding. So long as any 
of the Senior Preferred Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to ensure that, the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including deposits) and 
with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of third 
parties (but in any event in each case senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and other 
obligations which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), in each case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law.
(ii)
No right of set-off or counterclaim
No Noteholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Senior 
Preferred Notes held by such Noteholder, as the case may be.
(b)
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes
This Condition applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(i)
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.
(ii)
Subject as set out in Condition 2(b)(iii) below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration, claims of the Noteholders against the 
Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any amounts 
attributable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank:
(A)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(B)
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-
Preferred Claims, if any;
(C)
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and
(D)
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors.
(iii)
Following the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway on 1 July 2021, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) shall rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having

--- Page 149 ---
141
the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive (for the avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency 
between any statutory ranking in Norway in order to implement the provisions of Article 108(2) 
of the BRRD and the ranking as set out in Condition 2(b)(ii) above, such statutory ranking shall 
prevail).
(iv)
Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:
(a)
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 
2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, 
as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such 
Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by 
the Creditor Hierarchy Directive).
(b)
“Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any 
equivalent legislation (or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law 
transposing or implementing such Directive).
(c)
“Non-Preferred Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including, inter alia, Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities (as 
defined in Condition 2(c))).
(d)
“Non-Preferred Parity Securities” means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
(e)
“Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes) other than 
creditors in respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-
Preferred Claims, if any.
(f)
“Statutory Non-Preferred Claims” means, from 1 July 2021, unsecured claims resulting 
from debt instruments that meet the following conditions:
(A)
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year;
(B)
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves; and
(C)
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph.
(v)
No right of set-off or counterclaim
No Noteholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes held by such Noteholder.

--- Page 150 ---
142
(c)
Status of the Subordinated Notes
This Condition 2(c) applies only to Subordinated Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(i)
The Subordinated Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (ansvarlig 
lånekapital) of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. The Subordinated Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 2(c)(ii).
(ii)
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the 
Subordinated Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Subordinated Notes and any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank:
(a)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(b)
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities;
(c)
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and
(d)
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors.
No Noteholder who becomes, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration, indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held 
by such Noteholder.
(iii)
Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:
“Financial Institutions Act” means the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 10 
April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. april 2015 No. 17), as 
amended.
“Relevant Regulator” means the FSAN and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 14(c)) (if applicable), 
in any case as determined by the Issuer.
“Specified Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer; (b) holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes; (c) holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (both before and after the time at which the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive is implemented in Norway); (d) creditors in respect of any Non-
Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any; (e) all 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (to the extent not referred to above); and (f) creditors 
who are subordinated creditors of the Issuer (whether in the event of the liquidation, 
dissolution, administration or other winding-up of the Issuer or otherwise) other than those 
subordinated creditors whose claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari 
passu with or junior to the claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes.
“Subordinated Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the claims of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 151 ---
143
“Subordinated Parity Securities” means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer 
which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant 
Regulator, any guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by 
the Issuer in respect of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary (as 
defined below) of the Issuer which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any 
instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support 
arrangements entered into, by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu
therewith, but excluding Subordinated Junior Securities.
In this Condition 2, “Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1-3 of the Norwegian 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 1997.
3
Interest
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.
As used in these VPS Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date.
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub- unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.
In these VPS Conditions:
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or

--- Page 152 ---
144
(B)
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and
(ii)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent.
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls within the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, within the 
specified period after the Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
VPS Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date).
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 153 ---
145
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these VPS Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:
(A)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined 
in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D))) specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)); and
(C)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which TARGET2 
System is open.
(ii)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International

--- Page 154 ---
146
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (and the Notes are not CMS 
Linked Interest Notes and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
not SONIA, SOFR or €STR), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 3(f), be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate being the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, the Reference Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes (other than 
CMS Linked Interest Notes and Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or
€STR) shall be LIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, TIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR 
or STIBOR which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as 
at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1), no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (2), fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each 
case at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations

--- Page 155 ---
147
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation
Agent. “Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the 
principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, (ii) in the 
case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or (iii) in the case of a determination of any 
other Reference Rate, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of four major banks 
in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or 
the Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used)
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and where “CMS Rate” is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 156 ---
148
CMS Rate plus Margin
If (for the purposes of determining the applicable CMS Rate) the Relevant Screen Page 
is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
three or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating (only where four or five of the Reference Banks provide such 
quotation) the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest).
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C):
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
“Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five leading swap dealers in the Eurozone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, in 
each case selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer.
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:
(i)
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating 
euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”)) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions;

--- Page 157 ---
149
(ii)
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater 
than one year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or 
less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months;
(iii)
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and
(iv)
in the case of Exempt Notes only, where the Reference Currency is any other 
currency or if the applicable Final Terms specifies otherwise, the mid-market 
swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time.
(D)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR
(1)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the Final Terms as SONIA, SOFR or €STR:
(i)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as 
being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 3(f) or Condition 3(g), 
as the case may be, and Condition 3(b)(iii) and subject as provided below) 
be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards.
(ii)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as 
being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 3(f) or Condition 3(g), as 
the case may be, and Condition 3(b)(iii) and subject as provided below) be

--- Page 158 ---
150
the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(2)
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 3(f), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be:
(i)
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus 
(y) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or
(ii)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors),
and, in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly.
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 3(f), in 
the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow 
such guidance to the extent practicable, and to the extent such guidance does not 
increase the obligations or duties of the Calculation Agent, in order to determine 
the SONIA rate, for the purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.
(3)
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 3(g), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for 
the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly).
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 3(f), if, in respect of any 
Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for 
the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly).

--- Page 159 ---
151
(4)
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
Condition 3(f) or Condition 3(g), as the case may be, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest 
Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period.
(5)
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 8, the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(6)
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D):
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing
Supplement as being applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on 
the Notes being payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as references 
to interest on the Notes being payable on the corresponding Effective Interest 
Payment Date instead;
“Applicable Period” means:
(i)
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement, Interest Period; and
(ii)
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, Observation Period;
“Business Day” or “BD” means (i) where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
(ii) where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and 
is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or

--- Page 160 ---
152
required by law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where “€STR” is specified as 
the Reference Rate, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open;
“Calculation Method” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement; 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement and further provided for below) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
1 + 	
 × 

&


 
−1 x 

where:
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement;
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Applicable Period; and
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period;
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
“€STR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such Business Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), 
on the website of the European Central Bank, being as at the date of the Agency 
Agreement at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB’s Website”) in each case, on 
or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day;
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; and
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date;
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following Business Day;

--- Page 161 ---
153
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, being as at the date of the Agency Agreement at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York;
“Observation Method” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Pricing Supplement;
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
“p” Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable);
“p” means, for any Interest Period:
(i)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the number of Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five Business Days);
(ii)
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, zero; and
(iii)
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the number of 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement (or, if no such 
number is specified, five Business Days);
“r” means:
(i)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement 
“SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and either “Lag” or 
“Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day;
(ii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement “SOFR” is 
specified as the Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such Business Day;
(iii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement “€STR”
is specified as the Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift”
is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, 
the €STR in respect of such Business Day;
(iv)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement 
“SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified 
as the Observation Method:

--- Page 162 ---
154
(a)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and
(b)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(v)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement “SOFR”
is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method:
(a)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and
(b)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(vi)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement “€STR”
is specified as the Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method:
(a)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the 
€STR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day; and
(b)
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date);
(vii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement 
“SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in 
the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be 
the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;
(viii)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement “SOFR” 
is specified as the Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect 
of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or

--- Page 163 ---
155
the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and
(ix)
where in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement “€STR” 
is specified as the Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect 
of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement;
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r”
above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, 
“Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, the Business Day (being a 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business 
Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day “i”;
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website, in each case on or about 
5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the “SOFR Determination Time”) on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day;
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day;
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities; and
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means:
(i)
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference 
Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar

--- Page 164 ---
156
days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day; and
(ii)
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of 
such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day 
of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed 
to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day 
shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day.
(E)
Index Determination
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Pricing Supplement) the Margin:
   !  "
  !  #$%	$ −1& ' 	%$	

where:
“Compounded Index” shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing 
Supplement;
“Compounded Index End” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
such Interest Period);
“Compounded Index Start” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 165 ---
157
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined;
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days;
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London;
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, be 365 in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index;
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or relevant Pricing Supplement, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may 
be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, be five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index;
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any 
successor source; and
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source.
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in 
respect of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the 
administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest 
Period in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) as if Index Determination was not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the 
Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation 
Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-back Period 
shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator 
and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the 
Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent. If (x) a Benchmark Event has occurred 
in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 3(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(E) and (y) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its

--- Page 166 ---
158
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions 
of Condition 3(g) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(E). 
(iii)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
if the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts
In this paragraph (iv), the “Relevant Person” means (x) in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
which are not VPS Notes and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is not 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Principal Paying Agent and (y) in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
which are VPS Notes for which the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Calculation Agent.
The Relevant Person will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.
The Relevant Person will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3(b):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non- leap year divided 
by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 167 ---
159
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;

--- Page 168 ---
160
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2-D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30.
(v)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.
(vi)
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate 
as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 3(b), but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate 
of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in 
such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 169 ---
161
(vii)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Relevant Person (as defined in sub-paragraph (iv) above) will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 10 as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the second London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.
(viii)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(b), by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
(c)
Exempt Notes
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, CMS Rate, SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 3(b) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to Index 
Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 170 ---
162
(d)
Interest on Reset Notes
(i)
Rate of Interest
Each Reset Note bears interest:
(a)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date (the “Initial Period”), at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(b)
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(c)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest.
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date.
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified.
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of 
Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of Interest 
for such Reset Period.
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
(ii)
Fallbacks Provision for Mid-Swap Rate Reset Notes
Where, in relation to any Reset Notes, the “Reset Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Pricing Supplement, as being the “Mid-Swap Rate”, if on 
any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, subject to the provisions in Condition 3(f) or 
Condition 3(g), as the case may be, be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis:
(a)
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Reset Determination Date in question;
(b)
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of 
(A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in

--- Page 171 ---
163
the event of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer;
(c)
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;
(d)
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(e)
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(d), the 
First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will 
be either:
(A)
if Prior Rate of Interest is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, equal to the sum of (A) the Mid-
Swap Rate determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date and (B) 
the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum of (A) the Initial Mid-
Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; or
(B)
if Calculation Agent Determination is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer taking into 
consideration all available information that it in good faith deems relevant or
(C)
if the last available Relevant Screen Page is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the last 
available Relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date.
(iii)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
In respect of a Reset Period, the Calculation Agent will cause the relevant Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and Euronext VPS and the VPS Trustee (by no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 10 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day (as defined in Condition 2(b)(vii)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes 
Interest Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders
in accordance with Condition 10.

--- Page 172 ---
164
(iv)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(d), by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
(v)
Definitions
In this Condition 3(d), the following terms shall bear the following meanings:
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given in Condition 3(a).
“First Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement.
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date.
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, and subject to the 
provisions of the definitions of “Mid-Swap Rate” or “Reference Bond Rate” (as applicable) and 
any necessary adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent, (for example, conversion of an 
annual rate to a semi-annual rate) (as applicable), the rate of interest determined by such person
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate and the First 
Reset Margin.
“Interest Period” has the meaning given in Condition 3(b).
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent).
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate.
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the reference rate specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement.
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(d)(ii), either:

--- Page 173 ---
165
(a)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(b)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
“Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis shall be annual, 
semi-annual, quarterly or monthly.
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality.
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable.
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by 
the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer as having a comparable maturity with the 
relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in 
the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period.
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond (as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four 
decimal places) of the Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, with the price of the 
Reference Bond for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices 
of such Reference Bond quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3:00 p.m. (London time) on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following 
Business Day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will 
be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of

--- Page 174 ---
166
equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond 
Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is 
provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Reset Rate shall not be determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and 
the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial 
Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
which applied to the last preceding Reset Period (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, 
in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period).
“Relevant Reset Margin” means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset 
Margin or the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Reset Period.
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates.
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable), in each case as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, relevant Pricing Supplement.
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be.
“Reset Rate” means (A) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, or (B) if Reference 
Bond Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Reference Bond Rate.
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most 
closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer.
“Subsequent Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, relevant Pricing Supplement. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be.
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, and 
subject to the provisions of the definitions of “Mid-Swap Rate” or “Reference Bond Rate” (as 
applicable) and any necessary adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent, (for example, 
conversion of an annual rate to a semi-annual rate) (as applicable), the rate of interest 
determined by such person on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Reset Rate and the applicable Subsequent Reset Margin.

--- Page 175 ---
167
(e)
Accrual of interest
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such 
VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest 
will continue to accrue until the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been 
paid.
(f)
Benchmark discontinuation
Notwithstanding any other provisions of Conditions 3(b) and 3(d), where the Original Reference Rate 
or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, applicable to the Notes is not SOFR, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply (provided that, in the case of Reset Notes, such appointment
need not be made earlier than 30 days prior to the first date on which the Original Reference Rate is to 
be used to determine any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof)).
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(f)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(f)(iv)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
3(f)(i) and the Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Issuer and the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, or the 
Noteholders, as applicable, for any determination made by the Issuer and/or for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 3(f)(i).
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3(f)(i)
prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the relevant Screen Page prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 
3(f)(i).
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f)(i) only, in respect of any Reset Notes, references to (i) 
Interest Determination Date shall be read as references to Reset Determination Date, (ii)

--- Page 176 ---
168
Interest Period shall be read as references to Reset Period and (iii) Interest Payment Date shall 
be read as references to Reset Note Reset Date.
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(f)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 3(f)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(f) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 3(f)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 3(f)(iv), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 3(f)(iv) to which, in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(f)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f)(iv), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will

--- Page 177 ---
169
any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the then current 
or future Notes, (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as 
eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of the Relevant 
Regulator or by the loss absorption regulations and/or, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, as 
Tier 2 Capital. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f)(iv), in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the 
applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.
(v)
Notices
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3(f)(i) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, notice shall be 
provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any, and will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, and the Noteholders.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f), if following the determination of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any),
in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3(f), the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its
own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for 
any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3(f)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3(d)(ii) will
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.
(vii)
Definitions
As used in this Condition 3(f):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:

--- Page 178 ---
170
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate);
(ii)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser determines, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such spread is customarily applied);
(iii)
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate;
(iv)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(v)
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate;
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 3(f)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining Rates of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(f)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(1)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(2)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(3)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
(4)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or
(5)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or

--- Page 179 ---
171
will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or
(6)
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate;
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified 
to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall 
have any responsibility for making such determination.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 3(f)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(1)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(2)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
(g)
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the Original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the 
Notes is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3(b) and 3(d), as 
applicable, this Condition 3(g) shall apply.
(i)
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 180 ---
172
(ii)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
(iii)
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3(g), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party. The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent will not have any 
liability for any determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with 
a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement.
In no event shall the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent be responsible for determining if a 
Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments 
to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination 
dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark. In 
connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent will be entitled to 
conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will have no liability for 
such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 3(g), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that such Benchmark 
Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be expected to prejudice, after the application of the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
and the further decisions and determinations as described below, the qualification of (i) the Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes as eligible liabilities or (ii) the Subordinated Notes as 
Tier 2 capital or as eligible liabilities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at 
the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that immediately 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable), or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period), or (iii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first 
Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding Reset Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 181 ---
173
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g):
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior 
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement;
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(B)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
(C)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is 
reasonably necessary);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 182 ---
174
(B)
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component);
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative;
“designee” means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for the 
Notes in writing;
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by 
the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 183 ---
175
(h)
Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent if provision is made for this
in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note (which is a Floating Rate Note) is 
outstanding. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, in respect of 
such VPS Notes as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the 
prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over- the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer may act as its own Calculation Agent.
4
Payments
(a)
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and
(ii)
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives 
or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 below. References herein to 
“specified currency” will include any successor currency under applicable law.
(b)
Payments in respect of VPS Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS 
Noteholders will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be 
effected through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time 
governing Euronext VPS. Any external Calculation Agent will act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any external Calculation 
Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating institution with Euronext VPS (which may be the 
Issuer itself), (ii) one or more external Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS Conditions so require and 
for so long as any VPS Note (which is a Floating Rate Note) is outstanding, and (iii) such other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case.
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 below.

--- Page 184 ---
176
(c)
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 7 below) is:
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:
(A)
London; and
(B)
any Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET 2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;
(C)
if TARGET 2 system is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 system is open; and
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and
(iii)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer.
(d)
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:
(i)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6;
(ii)
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes;
(iii)
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes;
(iv)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes;
(v)
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts;
(vi)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(d)); 
and
(vii)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes.
(viii)
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 5.

--- Page 185 ---
177
5
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (pursuant to Condition 
5(l)) substituted, each VPS Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which shall be at least equal to the Nominal Amount of each Note) specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.
(b)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
This Condition 5(b) is not applicable for Subordinated Notes prior to five years from their Issue Date 
and references to “VPS Notes” in this Condition 5(b) shall be construed accordingly.
Subject if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 5(i):
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 10 below (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more 
than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed VPS 
Notes”) will be selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to 
such VPS Notes, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”).
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
Subject, to obtaining prior written consent of the FSAN as provided in Condition 5(i), the VPS Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the VPS Note is 
not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date, (if the VPS Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if:
(i)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any 
authority therein having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the VPS Notes;
(ii)
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the effect of such obligation is material on the Issuer; and
(iii)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the VPS Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the VPS Trustee to make available to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two

--- Page 186 ---
178
directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.
(d)
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of paragraphs (c) and (d) above and Condition 8:
(i)
Each VPS Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and
(ii)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:
"%	9: ;  $< = ;>(1 + ?@)A
where:
“RP” means the Reference Price;
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365.
(e)
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of 
Condition 5(b), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only 
on an Interest Payment Date.
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 187 ---
179
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(f)
Purchases
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the FSAN as provided in Condition 5(i), the Issuer or
any Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in 
the open market or otherwise.
For the purposes of this Condition:
“Subsidiary” means any legal entity in which the Issuer either (i) directly or indirectly owns or controls 
more than 50 per cent. of the entity’s shares and votes, or (ii) is entitled to appoint or remove a 
majority of the entity’s directors.
(g)
Cancellation
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS.
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged.
(h)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(ii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Calculation Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10.
(i)
Consent
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 5(f), substitution or variation 
under Condition 5(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), substitution or variation under Condition 
5(m) (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes) or modification under 
Condition shall take place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (in each case, 
if, and to the extent, then required by the rules of the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations, as defined in 
Condition 5(k)). In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 
5(c) or 5(j) only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may 
only redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of 
redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. For the avoidance of doubt, 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes under

--- Page 188 ---
180
Condition 5(a) and repayment of any of them pursuant to Condition 8, shall not require the consent of 
the Relevant Regulator.
(j)
Redemption upon Capital Event – Subordinated Notes
This Condition 5(j) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 5(j) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 10, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes which are Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) above together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of the 
relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
(k)
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, where applicable
This Condition 5(k) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each 
case, only where this Condition 5(k) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to “VPS Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(i), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Calculation Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time (in 
the case of VPS Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
VPS Notes which are Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the VPS Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) above together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of the relevant notice period, the 
Issuer shall redeem the VPS Notes.
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether 
or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group).
“CRD IV” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR 
and any CRD IV Implementing Measures.
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision 
of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to 
time.

--- Page 189 ---
181
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) 
to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof).
“CRR” means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time.
In this Condition 5(k), “Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the VPS Notes, the VPS Notes will 
be fully excluded or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor 
term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused 
by (1) the remaining maturity of the VPS Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on 
the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet 
any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded.
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group.
(l)
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes
This Condition 5(l) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 5(l) is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 14(c), the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i) (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes 
for, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are 
inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Subordinated Notes.
“Qualifying Subordinated Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:
(a)
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution

--- Page 190 ---
182
or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current 
requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (5) preserve any existing 
rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and 
(6) where Subordinated Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited rating from 
a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency 
has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the 
relevant Qualifying Subordinated Securities; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer.
In these Terms and Conditions, “Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited or its
successor.
(m)
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, where 
applicable
This Condition 5(m) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each 
case, only where this Condition 5(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or,
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to “VPS Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(c), the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
VPS Notes for, or vary the terms of the VPS Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are 
inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the VPS Notes.
“Qualifying MREL Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:
(a)
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the 
VPS Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a 
ranking at least equal to that of the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the VPS Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the VPS Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (6) where the VPS Notes which have been substituted or varied had 
a solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each

--- Page 191 ---
183
such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the VPS Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer.
6
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts in respect of interest on such Notes as shall result 
in receipt by the VPS Noteholders of such amounts of interest as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any VPS Note:
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such VPS Note by reason of his having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of the VPS Note or
(ii)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day.
As used in these VPS Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any VPS Note means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the VPS Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the 
VPS Note being made in accordance with the VPS Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the terms and conditions of the Notes, any amounts to be paid by or 
on behalf of the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), as 
amended, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any fiscal
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding Tax”). None of the Issuer or any other person will be 
required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax.
7
Prescription
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 15 below) in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 192 ---
184
8
Events of Default
(a)
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes
There are no events of default in relation to Subordinated Notes.
(b)
Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes
This Condition shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing:
(i)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer; or
(ii)
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made for the appointment 
of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in 
relation to the Issuer and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not 
discharged within 14 days; or
(iii)
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, 
then any holder of a Senior Preferred Note or Senior Non-Preferred Note, as applicable, may, by 
written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Calculation Agent, effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Calculation Agent, declare any Senior Preferred Note or Senior Non-Preferred 
Note, as applicable, held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall 
become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(d)), 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest 
or other notice of any kind.
9
Registration and Transfer of VPS Notes
(a)
Transfers of interests in VPS Notes
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of Euronext 
VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS.
(b)
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5 above, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption.
(c)
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration.

--- Page 193 ---
185
10
Notices
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a regulated market, 
the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such 
regulated market. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after delivery to 
Euronext VPS.
11
Meetings of VPS Noteholders and Modification and Waiver
(a)
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more 
fully set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) of a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the 
provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two-thirds 
of votes). Such a meeting may be convened by the VPS Trustee at the request of the Issuer, Oslo Børs 
or by VPS Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the VPS Notes for the 
time being remaining outstanding.
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least 50 per cent.
of the nominal amount of outstanding VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing VPS Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the VPS Notes or the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity 
of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds of the nominal amount of outstanding VPS Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third of the nominal amount of the outstanding VPS 
Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all the VPS 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting.
(b)
Modification
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that:
(i)
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast in 
respect of voting VPS Notes is required:
I
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity;
II
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes;
III
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;
IV
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made;
V
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (i);

--- Page 194 ---
186
VI
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the matters 
for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required);
VII
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or
VIII
a change of VPS Trustee,
(ii)
save as set out in Condition 11(b)(i) above, the VPS Trustee and the Issuer may agree, without 
providing prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders in accordance with clause 4 of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement, to amend the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions or waive 
a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in the VPS Conditions or the 
VPS Trustee Agreement, provided that such decision is either (x) not detrimental to the rights 
and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, (y) made solely for 
rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (z) required to be made pursuant to applicable law, 
court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible
notify the affected VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the 
date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
12
VPS Trustee
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by the Conditions and the 
terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement.
13
Further Issues
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS Notes.
14
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law
The VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law.
The VPS Trustee Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law.
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 64 on Central Securities 
Depositories (the “CSD Act”) (Nw. verdipapirsentralloven), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014 into Norwegian law, and to the extent applicable, the Norwegian act on Registration of 
Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64 (Lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter), as 
amended from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject 
to the obligations and liabilities which arise under these Acts and any related regulations and 
legislation.

--- Page 195 ---
187
(b)
Submission to jurisdiction
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Noteholders, that the courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the VPS 
Trustee Agreement and the VPS Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Notes) may 
be brought in such courts.
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying 
of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any 
such Proceedings brought in the Norwegian courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.
Nothing contained in this Condition 14 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.
(c)
Contractual Recognition of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 14(c), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:
(i)
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof:
(A)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes;
(B)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;
(C)
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and
(D)
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(ii)
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority.
(iii)
In this Condition 14(c):

--- Page 196 ---
188
“Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the 
Kingdom of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of Directive 
2014/59/EU as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of 
the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period);
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been 
paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; and
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.
15
Definitions
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings:
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the generality of 
the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by 
a governmental authority from time to time and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or 
to the Issuer and its subsidiaries);
“Calculation Agency Agreement” in relation to any Series of VPS Notes requiring a calculation agent (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) means an agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent for such purposes;
“Calculation Agent” means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series requiring a calculation agent (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), (i) the person appointed as calculation agent in relation to the VPS 
Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) 
and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in respect of the VPS Notes or (ii) the Principal 
Paying Agent if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;
“Calculation Amount” means, in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to calculate Fixed Coupon Amount(s), Broken Amount(s), the relevant Final Redemption Amount 
and the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as applicable);
A “Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant Regulator, that, 
as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes are excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 2 capital of the 
Issuer, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer in a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer, provided that a Capital Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by 
reason of any applicable limit on the amount of such capital under the Applicable Banking Regulations from 
time to time;

--- Page 197 ---
189
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen inter-bank offered rate;
“CITA” means the Copenhagen t/n Interest Average;
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate;
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty;
“FSAN” means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) or such other agency of the 
Kingdom of Norway as assumes or performs the functions as at the Issue Date performed by the FSAN;
“HIBOR” means the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate;
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may not be the 
Issue Date;
“Issue Date” means, in respect of any VPS Notes, the date of issue and purchase of the VPS Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;
“LIBOR” means the London inter-bank offered rate;
“NIBOR” means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate administered by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and 
calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS) acting as calculation agent (or any other 
person which takes over the administration and/or calculation of that rate) for the relevant period (before any 
correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator);
“Oslo Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Oslo;
“outstanding” means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than:
(a)
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the VPS Conditions;
(b)
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the VPS Conditions 
has occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the VPS Conditions after that date) have been duly 
paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in these VPS Conditions (and where 
appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with the VPS 
Conditions) and remain available for payment of the relevant VPS Notes;
(c)
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the VPS Conditions; 
and
(d)
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the VPS Conditions; 
provided that for the purpose of:
(i)
attending and voting at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders of the Series; and
(ii)
determining how many and which VPS Notes of the Series are for the time being outstanding 
for the purposes of Condition 3 and the noteholder meetings provisions set out in the VPS 
Trustee Agreement,

--- Page 198 ---
190
those VPS Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding;
“records” of Euronext VPS means the records that Euronext VPS holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer’s interest in the VPS Notes;
“Reference Rate” means LIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, CITA, HIBOR, SIBOR, STIBOR, TIBOR, 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
monies payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such monies having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 above;
“SIBOR” means the Singapore Inter-bank offered rate;
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm Inter-bank offered rate;
“TIBOR” means the Tokyo inter-bank offered rate;
“Tier 2 capital” means Tier 2 capital as defined in the CRR as incorporated in Norway through Section 2 of 
the Norwegian regulation of 22 August 2014 no. 1097 on CRR/CRD IV (Nw. Forskrift 22. august 2014 nr. 
1097 om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), as amended or replaced; and
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 199 ---
191
TAXATION
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian, participating Member States (as defined below) 
and United States tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as 
to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax 
laws of Norway, those participating Member States (as defined below) and of the United States of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to 
any change in law that may take effect after such date.
Norwegian Taxation
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Norway as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date. Such changes could be made on a 
retrospective basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes under the 
Programme. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences 
of their ownership of such Notes.
Norwegian Taxation – Non-Residents
Introduction
The tax consequences described below apply to Noteholders who are not tax resident in Norway. In the 
following paragraphs, it is assumed that the Notes are held in the form of bearer bonds or debentures 
(mengdegjeldsbrev).
Taxation on interest
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax.
Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected 
with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.
Such tax liability may be modified through applicable tax treaties.
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are 
resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a Norwegian savings bank, the Issuer 
does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes issued by it.
Taxation of capital gains
A non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to taxation in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Notes.
Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected 
with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty.
Wealth tax
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes.

--- Page 200 ---
192
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is 
effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway.
Such tax liability may be modified through applicable tax treaties.
Transfer tax
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes.
Norwegian Taxation – Norwegian residents
Introduction
The tax consequences described below apply to Noteholders who are tax resident in Norway (“Norwegian 
Noteholders”). Again, it is assumed that the Notes are held in the form of bearer bonds or debentures 
(mengdegjeldsbrev).
Taxation of interest
For Norwegian Noteholders, interest on bonds (such as the Notes) is taxable as “ordinary income” subject to a 
flat rate of 22 per cent. This applies irrespective of whether the Norwegian Noteholders are individuals or 
corporations. For financial institutions the tax rate for “ordinary income” is 25 per cent. Interest is taxed 
according to a realisation principle; as a main rule in the income year in which interest is accrued (i.e. 
regardless of when the interest is actually paid). For taxpayers without a statutory obligation to keep 
accounting records, special provisions apply in case of breach of contract resulting in due interest not being 
paid by the end of the income year.
Taxation upon disposal or redemption of the Notes
Redemption at the relevant Maturity Date of the Notes as well as prior disposal of the Notes is treated as a 
realisation of such Notes and will trigger a capital gain or loss for Norwegian Noteholders under Norwegian 
tax law. Capital gains will be taxable as “ordinary income”, subject to the flat rate of 22 per cent, (25 per cent.
for financial institutions). Losses will be deductible from a Norwegian Noteholder’s “ordinary income”, taxed 
at the same rate.
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Norwegian 
Noteholder on realisation and the cost price of the Notes. The cost price is equal to the price at which the 
Norwegian Noteholder acquired the Notes. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realisation 
of the Notes may be deducted from a Norwegian Noteholder’s taxable income in the year of the realisation.
Net wealth taxation
The value of the Notes held by a Norwegian Noteholder at the end of each income year will be included in the 
computation of his/her taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. Under Norwegian 
tax law, listed notes are valued at their quoted value on 1 January in the relevant assessment year. The 
marginal rate of net wealth tax is currently 0.85 per cent.
Limited liability companies and certain similar entities are exempt from net wealth taxation.
Inheritance and gift tax
Norway does not impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts.
Transfer taxes etc.; VAT
No transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes are currently imposed in Norway on purchase, disposal or 
redemption of securities such as the Notes. Furthermore, there will be no VAT payable in Norway on the 
transfer of the Notes.

--- Page 201 ---
193
Proposed Financial Transactions Tax
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between Participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
FATCA Withholding
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The 
Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Norway) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of FATCA and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed U.S. 
Treasury regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department 
indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. 
Additionally, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date. However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes—Further 
Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes—Further Issues”)) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Notes that are not distinguishable, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with

--- Page 202 ---
194
respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 203 ---
195
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 10 June 2021 agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase the Ordinary Notes only. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” (only in relation to the Ordinary 
Notes) and “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes”. The Ordinary Note Arranger and the Dealers have 
not been involved in the structuring of the VPS Notes, will not participate in any issuances of the VPS Notes 
and therefore accept no responsibility or liability in connection with the VPS Notes (in particular, for any 
subscriptions to the VPS Notes under the Programme and/or any issuance or underwriting thereof). In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
Transfer and Selling Restrictions
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”).
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver Notes (a) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the Closing Date, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it 
sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the 
issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restriction shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 204 ---
196
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or the 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision,
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, (the “Insurance Distribution
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as ‘Not Applicable’, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
if the Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation to the Notes specify that 
an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in that Relevant State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, 
where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms
(or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 205 ---
197
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision,
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as ‘Not Applicable’, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom:
(a)
if the Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation to the Notes specify that 
an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been 
approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the 
Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning

--- Page 206 ---
198
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer;
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer represents and agrees:
(a)
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.

--- Page 207 ---
199
Norway
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base Prospectus 
have been filed with the FSAN, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except:
(a)
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor;
(b)
to “professional investors” as defined in Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 
June 2007;
(c)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in Section 10-
6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007), subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer;
(d)
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007.
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen, or 
Euronext VPS) in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which is properly authorised 
and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register the Notes 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold 
outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway.
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and 
regulations.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree) that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy 
except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; or
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Services Act”) and/or Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation 11971/99, as amended from 
time to time.
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking 
Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time;

--- Page 208 ---
200
(ii)
(if applicable) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus in Singapore 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018)

--- Page 209 ---
201
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
General
Each Dealer agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be).

--- Page 210 ---
202
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the 
Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any 
of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the relevant Clearing System. Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
VPS
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext VPS) is a Norwegian public limited liability company which is 
licensed to conduct the business of registering financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Act of 
5 July 2002 no. 64 on the Registration of Financial Instruments (Lov om registrering av finansielle
instrumenter) (the “Securities Register Act”). The Securities Register Act requires that, among other things, 
all notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the “VPS Securities”), except (i) 
notes and bonds issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway and denominated in Norwegian kroner with 
subscription limited to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or in a currency other than Norwegian kroner, and 
(i) notes and bonds issued by foreign issuers in a currency other than Norwegian kroner.
From 1 January 2020, the Securities Register Act has been repealed and replaced by the CSD Act, which 
implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law. However, transitional rules have been passed 
to allow Euronext VPS to operate under the old rules in the Securities Register Act until such time when 
Euronext VPS has been authorised as a CSD under the CSD Act/CSDR.
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities registry and registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to 
financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any issuer of VPS Securities will be 
required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the VPS Securities are registered in the name of the 
holder and each holder is required to have her/his own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s 
holding of VPS Securities at any time. Both the issuer and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of 
registration in Euronext VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank 
or Norwegian investment firm.
It is possible to register a holding of VPS Securities through a nominee.

--- Page 211 ---
203
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been authorised by a
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 December 2020.
Approval of the Base Prospectus, Admission to Trading and Listing of Notes
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Ordinary Notes issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche.
In addition, Notes may be listed on one of the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated markets, as more 
particularly described on the cover page of this Base Prospectus.
Documents Available
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme or any Notes otherwise remain 
outstanding under the Programme, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available on 
the website of the Issuer at https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us.html:
(i)
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;
(ii)
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the forms of the Global Notes, the Definitive Notes and the 
Coupons and the Talons, and the VPS Trustee Agreement;
(iii)
a copy of this Base Prospectus;
(iv)
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final Terms and Pricing 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated therein by reference (save that 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplements relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (or, as the case may be, the United Kingdom) nor offered in the 
European Economic Area (or, as the case may be, the United Kingdom) in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (or, as the case may be, the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and in 
Luxembourg and provided that such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity before being able to do so);
(v)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019, together with the audit report prepared in connection therewith;

--- Page 212 ---
204
(vi)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020, together with the audit report prepared in connection therewith;
(vii)
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the three month period 
ended 31 March 2021; 
(viii)
the most recently published audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited interim consolidated financial statements (if any) of the Issuer, in each case 
with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith; and
(ix)
the Green Bond Framework (including the second party opinion issued in respect thereof by Sustainalytics 
B.V., as described under “Use of Proceeds”).
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus and each Final Terms relating to Notes (other than VPS Notes) 
which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be available on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.bourse.lu).
Clearing Systems
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system (including Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Euroclear; Clearstream, Luxembourg; and Euronext VPS are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg and the address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens Gate 1, P.O.Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, 
Norway.
Conditions for Determining Price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
which are Exempt Notes), an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price and (in the case of Reset Notes) on the basis of the rate of interest as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield.
Significant or Material Change
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the SR-Bank Group since 31 
December 2020, and there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position 
of the Issuer or of the SR-Bank Group since 31 March 2021.

--- Page 213 ---
205
Litigation
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the SR-Bank Group has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such 
period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or of the Group.
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and its
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
Auditors
The independent auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (the “Auditors”), a member of the 
Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening). The Auditors have audited the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, as incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference.
Listing Agent
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Issuer LEI and Website
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 549300Q3OIWRHQUQM052.
The website of the Issuer is https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us.html. The information on such 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as described under “Documents Incorporated by Reference and 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus”. 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as described 
above, the contents of the Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website

--- Page 214 ---
206
directly or indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should not rely on such information.

--- Page 215 ---
207
THE ISSUER
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
Christen Tranes gate 35, PO Box 250
4007 Stavanger, Norway
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT
REGISTRAR
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Germany Agency and Trust Department
Reuterweg 18, 60323 Frankfurt, Germany
VPS AGENT
VPS TRUSTEE
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
Christen Tranes gate 35
4007 Stavanger, Norway
Nordic Trustee AS
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1
0160 Oslo, Norway
ORDINARY NOTE ARRANGER
VPS NOTE ARRANGER
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA
Christen Tranes gate 35
4007 Stavanger, Norway
DEALERS (ORDINARY NOTES ONLY)
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A.
Calle de Ayala, 42
28001 Madrid
Spain
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London EC4A 4AU
United Kingdom
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Am Hauptbahnhof 2
70173 Stuttgart
Germany
Nomura International plc
1 Angel Lane
London EC4R 3AB
United Kingdom
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

--- Page 216 ---
Linklaters LLP
A34064946
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA
69 route d’Esch
L-2953 Luxembourg
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law
To the Dealers as to English law
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS
Tjuvholmen allé 16
NO-0252 Oslo, Norway
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS
Dromning Eufemias gate 8
NO-0106 Oslo, Norway