--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
 
SR-BOLIGKREDITT AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
  
Under this €20 billion Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme (the “Programme”) SR-Boligkreditt AS (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes in the 
form of covered bonds with the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)” (in Norwegian: “obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett (premium)”) issued in accordance with 
Act No. 17 of 10 April 2015 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups, Chapter 11, Sub-chapter II and appurtenant regulations (the “Notes”) denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), registered form (“Registered Notes”) (the Bearer Notes together with the Registered Notes, the “Ordinary 
Notes”) or uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (“VPS Notes”) cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (formally named 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“Euronext VPS”). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” and any additional Dealers 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This base prospectus has been approved by Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019, as amended, on prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”) to approve this document as a base 
prospectus relating to the Notes. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance 
with Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Ordinary Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MiFID 
II”). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval and shall expire on 5 July 2025 and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will only apply for the time that this Base Prospectus is valid. 
The Issuer intends to request the CSSF to provide the competent authority in Norway (the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (“FSAN”) (Finanstilsynet)) 
with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Luxembourg Prospectus Law (the “Notification”). The 
Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) with a Notification. 
Following the provision of the Notification, the Issuer may apply for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange 
(or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a Notification has been made), either with a listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or as a single listing, or by seeking admission to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. If any Notes issued under the 
Programme are to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a Notification has been made), this will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any VPS Notes which are to be listed are expected to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as competent authority under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, 
the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained 
herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” (the “Ordinary Note Conditions”) and “Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes” (the “VPS Conditions” which, when taken together with the Ordinary Note Conditions, are referred to as the “Conditions”)) of Notes 
will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be filed with the CSSF 
and with respect to Notes to be listed on any other stock exchange or market will be delivered to such other stock exchange or market, on or before the date of issue 
of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s website. (www.luxse.com). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or any state securities laws and the Notes in 
bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States. The Notes 
are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) in compliance with 
applicable securities laws. 
Each purchaser of a Note will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer of such Note, as described in this Base Prospectus, and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its 
compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
Application may be made at a future date under this Base Prospectus for the Notes to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger or the VPS Note Arranger (as applicable) and the relevant Dealers. 
The Notes issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned an “Aaa” rating by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), and as of 31 October 
2023 the Issuer is rated Aa3 by Moody’s. Moody’s is not established in the European Union but the rating it may give to the Notes issued under the Programme may 
be endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). As such Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 July 2024. 
 
Ordinary Note Arranger 
VPS Note Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
Dealers (in respect of the Ordinary Notes only)  
Commerzbank 
HSBC 
ING  
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Natixis 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any 
other provision or order under the Securities Act. 
The VPS Note Arranger is the only party appointed as dealer for the VPS Notes. The Ordinary Note Arranger 
and the Dealers have not been involved in the structuring of the VPS Notes and will not participate in any 
issuances of the VPS Notes. Therefore they do not accept responsibility or liability in connection with the VPS 
Notes (in particular, for any subscriptions to the VPS Notes under the Programme and/or any issuance or 
underwriting thereof). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus 
(and in respect of any Notes, this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms) makes no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer only and not that of any 
other entities. The Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
(“SR-Bank”) or any member of the SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA Group (the “SR-Bank Group”), the Ordinary 
Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap Providers, any company in the same group of 
companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents relating to the Programme. No 
liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes will be 
accepted by any of the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap Providers, any 
company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme. 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set 
out below of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and (in the case of Ordinary Notes listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange) will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms and all documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference and Supplements to 
the Base Prospectus”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents form 
part of this Base Prospectus. In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise 
requires, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended 
or re-enacted. 
The Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger and the Dealers have not independently verified the 
information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers, the Ordinary Note Arranger or the VPS Note 
Arranger as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the Dealers, the Ordinary Note 
Arranger nor the VPS Note Arranger accepts any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Ordinary Note 
Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Ordinary Note 
Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information 
coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The 
Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S. For a description of these and certain further 
restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”.  
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by the U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered within Norway or to or for the benefit of 
persons domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and 
the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS or another central securities depository which is properly 
authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register such VPS Notes pursuant to the CSD Act/CSDR 
(as defined below). 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars and to “NOK” refer 
to Norwegian Kroner. In addition, all references to “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling and to “euro” 
and “€” refer to euro. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger and the Dealers do not represent 
that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or the Dealers which 
would permit a public offering of any Notes outside Luxembourg or distribution of this document in any

--- Page 5 ---
v 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Norway), the United Kingdom, 
Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to €STR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, SOFR, 
SONIA, or STIBOR, each as defined in the Conditions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which are 
provided by the European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR), European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR), the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR), the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) and 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus (i) European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), 
(ii) Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and (iii) Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”).  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the European Central Bank as administrator of €STR, the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (as administrator of SOFR) and the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) are not required 
to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For 
these purposes, (a) a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; and (b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, (a) a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (b) the 
expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
SFA Product Classification - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Canada – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case 
of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this 
offering.  
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue on whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Otherwise, neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - The Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
and ECPs only target market” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(v) 
understand that an investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer only 
and not that of any other SR-Bank Group entities or any other entities; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Notes linked to other assets or bases of reference may entail significant risks not 
associated with investments in conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not 
limited to, the risks set out below in “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes”. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a higher level than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws or rules.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. 
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the 
terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in each 
case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not 
limited to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuer and beliefs or current expectations concerning, 
among other things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects of the Issuer. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial 
position and results of operations of the Issuer, and the development of the markets in which the Issuer operates 
may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Issuer’s results of operations and financial position, and the 
development of the markets and the industries in which the Issuer operates, are consistent with the forward-
looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of 
results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause 
results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements. See “Risk Factors” below.

--- Page 9 ---
1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ..................................................................................................................................... iii 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS......................................................................................................................................... 28 
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW AND DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................... 31 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 34 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................. 36 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................ 37 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SPAREBANK 1 SR-BANK GROUP (THE “SR-BANK GROUP”) ..................... 40 
MORTGAGE ORIGINATION, ELIGIBILITY AND SERVICING ................................................................ 43 
OVERVIEW OF THE NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
(OBLIGASJONER MED FORTRINNSRETT) .......................................................................................... 49 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 54 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORDINARY NOTES ........................................................................ 69 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES ................................................................................... 109 
OVERVIEW OF THE SWAP AGREEMENTS ............................................................................................. 145 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................... 149 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................. 155 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... 160 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 161

--- Page 10 ---
2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings 
in this section. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation 
Issuer: 
SR-Boligkreditt AS 
 
The Issuer is a private limited liability company. The Issuer was 
incorporated in Norway on 17 March 2015 with registration 
number 915 174 388. 
 
The Issuer holds a licence from the FSAN as a credit institution 
(“Kredittforetak”). For a more detailed description of the Issuer, 
see “Description of the Issuer” and “Management of the Issuer” 
below. 
Website: 
The website of the Issuer is 
 https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us/investor/financial-info/sr-boligkreditt.html 
Neither the website of the Issuer nor any other website referred 
to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus, 
except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) 
Originator: 
5493005EFLOPQ4K0ZF42 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Ordinary Note Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan SE 
VPS Note Arranger 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
Dealers: 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
Natixis 
 
Société Générale 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
(in respect of the Ordinary Notes only)  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. Notes may also be issued to third 
parties. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or

--- Page 11 ---
3 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued from time to 
time in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements (see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the issue 
proceeds are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
 
Money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
12 months will not be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe PLC 
Principal Paying Agent and Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch is the Principal Paying Agent. 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme is a 
Paying Agent located in Luxembourg. 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Calculation Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Agent (in the case of VPS Notes): 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
VPS Trustee (in the case of VPS Notes): 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Norwegian Kroner, U.S. 
dollars, sterling, Swedish Kroner and, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions and any applicable requirements, 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations or directives applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.

--- Page 12 ---
4 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (in the case of Bearer 
Notes); registered form (in the case of Registered Notes); or in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (in the case of 
VPS Notes); as described in “Form of the Notes”. 
 
Each Registered Note will be deposited on or around the relevant 
Issue Date with a common depositary or, where specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to be held under the new safekeeping 
structure (“NSS”), with a common safekeeper, as the case may 
be for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
 
Each Bearer Note will on issue be represented by a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes. 
 
Each Bearer Note (i) will either be issued in new global note 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and will be 
deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date with a common 
safekeeper for the International Central Securities Depositaries 
or (ii) will not be issued in new global note form, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, and will be deposited on or around the 
relevant Issue Date with a common depositary for the 
International Central Securities Depositaries. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS. 
 
Registered Global Notes will be exchangeable for Registered 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances set out in the Form 
of Notes below. 
 
Bearer Global Notes will be exchangeable for Bearer Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances set out in the Form of Notes 
below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate or a 
minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms).

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation (not 
applicable to SOFR): 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a 
view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if 
any, and any Benchmark Amendments as described in Condition 
3(d). 
Benchmark Transition Event (applicable 
to SOFR): 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Benchmark 
Replacement will 
replace 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes.  
Redemption: 
The relevant Maturity Dates and Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Dates are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Optional Redemption: 
Early redemption of the Notes will only be permitted to the 
extent specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Extendable Obligation: 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that a Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity applies.  
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies and the Issuer has 
both: 
a) received approval from the FSAN to extend the 
maturity of such Notes by 12 months (a “Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval”); and 
b) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Series of Notes in full on their Maturity Date, 
then the Issuer’s obligations to pay any unpaid part of such Final 
Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Notes on their 
Maturity Date shall automatically be deferred until the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes”), provided that any amount representing the 
amount due on the Maturity Date as set out in the applicable

--- Page 14 ---
6 
Final Terms (the “Final Redemption Amount”) due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will 
continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to 
(and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date (or 
any earlier Interest Payment Date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full). The FSAN may grant such maturity extension 
approval if (i) either (A) there is, in the opinion of the FSAN, 
both (1) reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under 
resolution in the near future and (2) no reasonable prospect that 
any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing, or (B) the 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance (“Ministry of Finance”) has 
resolved to place the Issuer under resolution or public 
administration proceedings, and (ii) there is, in the opinion of the 
FSAN, a reasonable prospect that the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of the Notes and (where applicable) the Coupons will be 
met within 12 months. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions — 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the 
Kingdom of Norway, unless required by law, in which case, 
subject to certain exceptions, such additional amounts will also 
be paid as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no withholding or deduction been required. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are covered bonds eligible for the label “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” (in Norwegian: “europeisk 
obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett (premium)”) and are issued on an 
unconditional and unsubordinated basis and in accordance with 
the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial 
Groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om

--- Page 15 ---
7 
finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the 
“Act”) and the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on 
Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups (forskrift 9. 
desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the “Regulations”). The Notes and 
any other securities issued by the Issuer under this Programme 
(the “Notes”), together with the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Swaps (as defined in the Ordinary Note Conditions or in the VPS 
Conditions, as applicable) and any other derivative instruments 
entered into by the Issuer and included in the Cover Pool (the 
“Covered Bond Swaps”), have, according to the Act, an 
exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised claim against a cover 
pool of certain registered eligible assets (the “Cover Pool”) upon 
public administration of the Issuer. From time to time the Issuer 
may establish separate cover pools of assets to secure other 
securities issued by the Issuer. The holders of the Notes issued 
under this Programme shall not have a preferential claim in 
respect of any such other cover pools. 
See also “Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding 
Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)” below.  
Activities: 
The Issuer will restrict its activities in accordance with 
Norwegian legislation and its licence. 
Overcollateralisation: 
Pursuant to the terms of the Act, the Issuer is required to ensure 
that the prudent market value of the assets in a Cover Pool shall 
at all times exceed the value of the covered bonds with a 
preferential claim against the relevant Cover Pool (derivative 
contracts taken into account) (“Overcollateralisation”). A higher 
level of Overcollateralisation may be set through regulations 
passed by the Ministry of Finance under the Act. Pursuant to the 
Regulations the Issuer is required to ensure a minimum 
Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 5 per cent.. The Issuer 
has contractually agreed to provide a minimum level of 
overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool as set out in Condition 
2(b) of the Ordinary Notes and Condition 2(b) of the VPS Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) decide to 
provide a higher level of overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool 
provided that it complies with Condition 2(b) of the Ordinary 
Notes and Condition 2(b) of the VPS Notes (breach of which will 
have limited consequences for the Issuer). Such level of 
contractually agreed overcollateralisation will be subject to 
change in accordance with any higher level imposed by 
applicable Norwegian legislation from time to time. See further 
“Risk 
Factors 
– 
Risks 
relating 
to 
the 
Notes 
— 
Overcollateralisation” below. 
Liquidity requirements: 
The Issuer has established a prudent liquidity reserve for the 
purpose of meeting its payment obligations in respect of interest

--- Page 16 ---
8 
and principal due and payable on the Notes issued by it from time 
to time in accordance with the requirements of the Act and 
Regulations. See also “Overview of the Norwegian Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)” 
below. 
Listing approval and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base 
Prospectus. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Ordinary Notes issued under the Programme 
within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes may be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock 
exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers in relation to a Series of Notes. In particular, Notes may 
be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, as described in the cover 
page of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes may also be issued which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market. Any information in this prospectus 
which is particular to Notes that are not listed has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be Bearer Notes, Registered Notes or VPS Notes 
and whether such Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Ratings: 
The rating of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Notes are 
expected to be assigned a rating of Aaa by Moody’s. 
As per Moody’s Global Long-Term Rating Scale Obligations in 
its Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated ‘Aaa’ are 
judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of 
credit risk. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s is not 
established in the European Union but the rating issued by 
Moody’s is expected to be endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH, which is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH is included in the list of credit agencies published by the 
European securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus 
will be treated for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation as

--- Page 17 ---
9 
having been issued by Moody’s and endorsed by Moody’s 
GmbH.  
Governing Law: 
The Ordinary Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Ordinary Notes will be governed 
by and shall be construed in accordance with English law, save 
as to Condition 2(a) of such Notes which will be governed by 
and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the VPS Notes will be governed by and shall 
be construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act on Central 
Securities Depositories of 15 March 2019 No. 6 (the “CSD 
Act”), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (the 
“CSDR”) into Norwegian law, and any regulations passed under 
the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in 
each case as amended or replaced from time to time. The holders 
of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under the CSD Act and any 
related regulations and legislation. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS 
and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, other than in relation to VPS Notes, which 
are cleared through Euronext VPS. 
Delivery: 
The Notes may be settled on a delivery against payment basis or 
a delivery free of payment basis, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
Germany and Norway), the United Kingdom, Japan and 
Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States. Bearer Notes will be issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form applicable 
for the purpose of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) or the 
U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”), unless the 
Bearer Notes are issued in circumstances in which they will not

--- Page 18 ---
10 
constitute “registration required obligations” for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below and include risks 
relating to the Norwegian mortgage market.

--- Page 19 ---
11 
RISK FACTORS  
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of Notes should consider carefully all the information contained in this document, including the 
considerations set out below and all documents incorporated by reference herein, before making any investment 
decision. 
The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. Any investment in the Notes issued under the Programme will involve risks including those described in 
this section. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that the Issuer may face. 
Additional risks and uncertainties that the Issuer is unaware of, or that the Issuer currently deems to be 
immaterial, may also become important risk factors that affect the Issuer or the Notes. It is not possible to 
identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware 
of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as 
a result of the occurrence of events outside of the Issuer’s control.  
If any of the listed or unlisted risks actually occurs, the Issuer’s business, operations, financial condition or 
reputation could be materially adversely affected, with the result that the trading price of the Notes of the Issuer 
could decline and an investor could lose all or part of its investment.  
In each subsection below, the Issuer has arranged the risks with the most material risk first, in its assessment, 
considering the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the possibility of their occurrence.  
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
1.1 The Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at 
all 
The Issuer’s lending is to a large extent made on longer terms than the Issuer’s borrowings. Therefore, the Issuer 
is dependent on its ability to refinance borrowings upon maturity. Depending on overall market conditions, 
there is a risk that the Issuer will either be unable to refinance its borrowings or that it will be required to do so 
at a cost significantly higher than originally anticipated.  
Due to changes in customer savings behaviour and relatively high credit demand, the Issuer is dependent on 
other sources of capital than deposits, such as loans in the Norwegian and international securities market. 
Market turmoil caused by economic or policy factors, including (among other things) persistent high inflation, 
monetary policy, changes in interest rates, slowing economic growth, wars and armed conflicts, the effects of 
contagious diseases with human-to-human airborne or contact propagation effects (such as the coronavirus 
pandemic) and reduced vaccine efficacy to those, and even political elections may have adverse effects on the 
global financial markets, causing volatility and reduced liquidity. This instability may make it difficult (or more 
expensive) for the Issuer to refinancing its borrowings when required. This could in turn adversely impact the 
Issuer’s ability to pay amounts due under the Notes. 
The Issuer is dependent on maintaining its credit ratings in order to be able to refinance its borrowings on 
commercially reasonable terms, as credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which the Issuer is able 
to obtain funding. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer, the pool of assets which provide security 
for the Notes (the “Cover Pool”) or the SR-Bank Group, such as unexpected financial losses, a deterioration of 
the residential property market in Norway, adverse regulatory changes or a downturn in the international or 
domestic financial markets, may affect the credit rating of the Issuer, the Programme and/or any outstanding 
Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform its

--- Page 20 ---
12 
obligations under the Notes, but could increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity 
position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the 
competitive position of) the Issuer, trigger obligations under certain bilateral terms in some of the Issuer’s 
trading and collateralised financing contracts and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into 
transactions with the Issuer. Furthermore, the recent volatility in interest rates and tightening of monetary policy 
could also limit the range of counterparties with whom the Issuer is able to refinance its borrowings. Any of 
these events may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in refinancing its borrowings on commercially reasonable 
terms or at all and ultimately adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to make timely payment on the Notes.  
If the Issuer fails to refinance any outstanding Notes on their scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer may defer 
repayment of such Notes until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), provided that Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for such 
Notes and subject to receipt of a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval. 
1.2 Default on mortgage loans in the Cover Pool may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes 
In recent years, low interest rates, low inflation, higher house prices, a favourable tax regime and increased 
disposable income for households in Norway have led to a continued strong growth in demand for real estate, 
and consequently loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. 
The growth in demand for loans over the last years, especially in the residential mortgage market, has led to 
significant growth in the levels of indebtedness, which in turn has increased the potential financial vulnerability 
of some residential mortgage borrowers. The vast majority of residential mortgage borrowers have floating 
interest rate mortgages, and are consequently exposed to interest fluctuations. Similarly, the majority of the 
residential mortgages included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are subject to floating interest rates. During 2022 and 
2023, mortgage interest rates in Norway were increased substantially compared to previous levels, and the 
Norwegian Central Bank (Norges Bank) has indicated that interest rates may be held higher for longer than 
previously anticipated. Even a moderate rise in interest rates may lead to a significantly higher interest burden, 
and a material reduction of disposable income, for residential mortgage borrowers who have taken on high 
levels of debt.  
Inflation in Norway has continued to rise over the past year, driven in large part by increases in prices of 
electricity, oil and gas. In addition, a devaluation of NOK against major currencies has made imported goods 
more expensive, thereby contributing to inflation. Food prices have also continued to rise, and a potential price-
wage spiral – a cycle where persistent inflation leads to higher wage demands, which in turn can cause further 
inflation – could cause further inflation. If the borrowers suffer a decline in income (either in absolute terms or, 
alternatively, in relative terms due to inflation), borrowers may be unable to meet their payment obligations on 
their mortgages, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the 
Notes.  
If borrowers default on their mortgage loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to realise 
the value of the collateral securing these mortgage loans. When collateral is enforced, a court order may be 
needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and to enable a sale by executive measures. If, in the context 
of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the relevant court decision or the real estate market in 
Norway substantially declines, there is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the 
mortgage loan. Further, should the prices of real property and the housing market in Norway substantially 
decline, the value of the Issuer’s collateral for its mortgage loans will be adversely affected. Any failure to 
recover the full amount of the Issuer’s mortgage loans could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes, which are backed by payments from the mortgage loans included in the Cover 
Pool.

--- Page 21 ---
13 
1.3 The issuer is dependent on the SR-Bank’s competitive market position and the demand for its 
products  
The mortgage loans (the “Mortgage Loans”) originated by SR-Bank and contributed to the Cover Pool represent 
a dynamic pool, particularly because of the high refinancing ratio in the Norwegian mortgage market. SR-
Bank’s ability to originate Mortgage Loans to transfer to the Issuer depends on the competitive market position 
of SR-Bank and the demand for its products. 
A general downturn in the Norwegian economy, regulatory changes adversely affecting the residential mortgage 
market and/or interest rate increases (or persistently high interest rates) may result in a decrease in the demand 
for residential property and, by extension, residential mortgages. A decrease in the demand for SR-Bank’s 
mortgage loans will lead to fewer mortgages than expected being transferred to the Issuer. A significant 
reduction in the size of the mortgage portfolio will adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations 
under the Notes and the value of the Cover Pool. 
1.4 Public administration of the Issuer and halt to payments from the Cover Pool may lead to 
Noteholders not receiving the full amount due on the Notes 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, timely payments shall be made on the Notes so long as the 
Cover Pool is in material compliance with the statutory requirements under the Act and the Regulations. Public 
administration of the Issuer will not in itself be sufficient cause for termination or similar remedy by the 
Noteholders or the providers of the Swaps (the “Swap Providers”). The public administration board may take 
any action considered necessary to ensure that the holders of the Notes and the Swap Providers receive agreed 
and timely payment on the Notes and the Swaps, including selling assets in the Cover Pool and issuing new 
Notes and entering into new derivative instruments with a right of priority in respect of the assets in the Cover 
Pool pari passu with the Noteholders. 
If it is no longer possible to make timely payments to Noteholders or Swap Providers, the public administration 
board shall set a date to halt payments. The amount of claims with a right of priority to the assets included in 
the Cover Pool will be calculated as at the date on which the halt to payments takes effect. 
To the extent that Noteholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the Cover 
Pool following a halt to payments, they will be able to prove for the balance of their claims as unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of any other 
assets of the Issuer not included in the Cover Pool (or any other cover pool maintained by the Issuer). The 
Noteholders would in such case rank pari passu with any other holder of Notes, Swap Providers and the other 
unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s assets are insufficient to cover all unsecured, 
unsubordinated claims in full, Noteholders could be unable to collect the full balance of their claims against the 
Issuer. If a Swap Provider suffers ratings downgrade and the affected Swaps cannot be transferred to an eligible 
replacement Swap Provider, the rating of the Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
1.5 The Issuer is reliant on Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps 
In order to hedge its interest rate risks and currency risks, the Issuer enters into Interest Rate Swaps and 
Currency Swaps with various Swap Providers. If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or 
certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under a Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, 
then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Swap. The Issuer’s default under a Swap due to non-payment or 
otherwise will suspend the relevant Swap Provider’s obligation to make further payments under that Swap, and 
the relevant Swap Provider may on certain conditions terminate the relevant Swap.  
If a Swap Provider is no longer obligated to make payments under a Swap, exercises its right to terminate a 
Swap or defaults on its obligations to make payments under a Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in 
interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable). In addition, if the Swap Provider or its guarantor, as

--- Page 22 ---
14 
applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions 
contained in the relevant Swap Agreement, such Swap Agreement may be terminated. In any such scenario, the 
Issuer may encounter difficulties entering into a replacement Interest Rate and/or Currency Swap (as applicable) 
on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 
Unless a replacement Swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on its 
Notes in case of material fluctuations between either (i) for Interest Rate Swaps, the interest rates payable on 
the Cover Pool Assets and the applicable interest rate for the Notes, or (ii) for Currency Swaps, the currency of 
the Cover Pool assets and the currency of the Notes. 
1.6 Termination payments for Swaps may reduce the value of the Cover Pool 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps or the Currency Swaps are terminated, the Issuer may as a result be obliged 
to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider. The amount of the termination payment will be 
based on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap, as the case may be. Any 
termination payment to be made by the Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank pari passu with claims for payments 
due to the Noteholders. Consequently, if the Issuer is unable to make the termination payment to the relevant 
Swap Provider from its own funds, the Cover Pool may be used to make such termination payments which will 
reduce the value of the Cover Pool for other preferential claims, such as the Notes. 
1.7 The Issuer is dependent on services provided by SR-Bank 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of SR-Bank. The Issuer has few employees on its own, and is thus 
dependent upon receiving labour force and services from SR-Bank in order to carry on its daily business. Should 
there be any disruptions and/or negative impact to any SR-Bank Group companies, this may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. The insolvency of SR-Bank or 
any default by SR-Bank in the performance of its servicing obligations will require a new servicer to be 
appointed. The transfer of the servicing function to a new servicer may result in delays and/or losses in 
collections under the Mortgage Loans. 
2. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
2.1 Failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount upon maturity may lead to deferral 
of the Maturity Date  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies. If Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms for any Series of Notes, 
and the Issuer has both (a) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Notes in full on their 
Maturity Date, and (b) obtained a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, payments of such unpaid amounts 
shall be automatically deferred to the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount (or any part of it) due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date 
may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The FSAN may grant a Statutory Maturity Final Extension Approval if (i) either (A) there is, in the opinion of 
the FSAN, both (1) reason to assume that the Issuer will be placed under resolution in the near future and (2) 
no reasonable prospect that any other action would prevent the Issuer from failing, or (B) the Ministry of 
Finance has resolved to place the Issuer under resolution or public administration proceedings, and (ii) there is, 
in the opinion of the FSAN, reasonable prospect that the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the relevant Notes 
and (where applicable) the Coupons will be met within 12 months. Furthermore, a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval may only be granted if such maturity extension does not affect the order of priority of the Note 
investors.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
In the event that the objective triggers for a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval are met, a subsequent 
declaration on the Issuer's bankruptcy or resolution would not affect the Statutory Extended Final Maturity. 
The Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date will, if applicable, fall 12 months after the Maturity Date. Interest 
will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure 
by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not 
constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount or the balance thereof on the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date and/or interest on such amount 
on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. 
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, the Issuer 
may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate set out in the applicable Final Terms notwithstanding that 
the relevant Note was a Fixed Rate Note as at its relevant Issue Date. 
In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may change 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
2.2 Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may contain an optional redemption feature which would 
be likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the 
market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
2.3 The value of the Notes will be affected by market interest rates 
Investments in Fixed Rate Notes involve a risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the 
life of such Notes, the current interest rate in the capital markets typically fluctuates on a daily basis. As the 
market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. 
Consequently, if the market interest rate rises, the value of the Fixed Rate Notes declines accordingly. 
Investment in Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating reference rates such as €STR, EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or STIBOR and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating reference rate levels make it 
impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Furthermore, where the Floating Rate 
Notes do not provide for a minimum rate of interest above zero per cent., investors may not receive any interest 
payments during one or more interest periods if the applicable reference rate decreases or increases to a certain 
level. 
3. 
Risks relating to the nature of the securities 
3.1 The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool will consist of loans which are secured on residential properties or on title documents relating 
to residential properties, holiday homes, claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against providers of

--- Page 24 ---
16 
Covered Bond Swaps and certain substitution assets. All assets in the Cover Pool must comply with the terms 
of the Act and the Regulations. In particular, the Regulations determine maximum loan to value ratios of 
Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool (at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ratio is 80 per cent. of the 
prudent market value). The Cover Pool consists of mortgages secured on residential property located in Norway. 
The value of the properties associated with the Cover Pool may therefore decline in the event of a general 
downturn in the value of property in Norway. If the prudent market value of the properties securing the mortgage 
loans in the Cover Pool were to decline, the value of the assets in the Cover Pool will be proportionally reduced 
and may fall below regulatory and contractual requirements. This may again lead to the Issuer being unable to 
issue further covered bonds and ultimately not being able to repay principal and interest due on the Notes. 
3.2 Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer has undertaken in Condition 2(b) of the Ordinary Note Conditions and Condition 2(b) of the VPS 
Conditions to ensure that, for as long as any of the Notes is outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool shall at all 
times be at least 105 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and related Covered Bond Swaps 
(as defined in the Ordinary Note Conditions or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable) 
having recourse to such Cover Pool. Such level of contractually agreed overcollateralisation will be subject to 
change in accordance with any higher level imposed by applicable Norwegian legislation from time to time. 
The Ordinary Note Conditions and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do not require the Issuer to 
increase the overcollateralisation of the Notes in the event that a rating agency requires an increase to maintain 
the applicable rating, and the Issuer therefore cannot guarantee that a certain rating of the Notes will be 
maintained throughout the term of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not commit to ensure 
that any specific rating of the Notes will be held until maturity.  
When calculating Overcollateralisation according to Norwegian legal requirements, the portion of the loans 
exceeding the 80 per cent. loan to value limit (for residential mortgages) and the 60 per cent. loan to value limit 
(for mortgages over other real property) shall not be included in the calculation. If there are indications that the 
value of a mortgaged property in relation to which the associated mortgage loan which has been included in the 
Cover Pool may have declined materially relative to general market prices, the Issuer has to ensure a review of 
the valuation of that property by a valuer who possesses the necessary qualifications, ability and experience to 
execute a valuation and who is independent from the credit decision process. If the value of a mortgage property 
has declined significantly after the residential mortgage has been included in the Cover Pool, this could result 
in (greater) parts of the relevant mortgage loan exceeding the applicable loan-to-value threshold, in which case 
a lower amount of the mortgage loan than at time of its inclusion would be able to count towards the 105 per 
cent. Overcollateralisation requirement, even if the mortgage loan is fully performing. A breach of the 
Overcollateralisation requirement may lead the FSAN to take actions to the Issuer and may prevent the Issuer 
from refinancing outstanding Notes at maturity by issuing additional Notes. 
3.3 Failure by the Issuer to meet applicable overcollateralisation rules may affect the value and 
liquidity of the Notes 
The Act and the Regulations provide that holders of Notes have an exclusive and prioritised right of claim over 
a pool of certain security assets, on a pari passu basis between themselves and other holders of Notes issued by 
the Issuer and/or counterparties to derivative contracts relating to the Issuer’s covered bonds. The Act and 
Regulations require the value of the assets in the Cover Pool to at all times exceed the value of the claims on 
the Cover Pool. Furthermore, the Ministry of Finance is entitled under the Act to pass regulations stipulating 
how much higher the value of the Cover Pool must be compared to the value of the claims on the Cover Pool 
at any time (“Overcollateralisation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Section 11-7 of the Regulations 
requires the value of the assets in the Issuer’s Cover Pool to constitute a minimum Overcollateralisation of 105 
per cent. See “Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett)”.

--- Page 25 ---
17 
A breach of the Overcollateralisation requirement prior to public administration of the Issuer in circumstances 
where no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire additional assets 
could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Notes, which may prevent the refinancing of existing 
Notes and possibly reducing the liquidity of existing Notes. 
3.4 No events of default 
The Conditions do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer. Accordingly, default by the Issuer 
(for example, failure to pay interest or principal on the Notes when due) would not entitle Noteholders to 
accelerate the Notes, and Noteholders will only be paid the scheduled payments of interest and principal under 
the Notes as and when they fall due under the Conditions. 
3.5 The Conditions may be changed without the consent of Noteholders 
The Ordinary Note Conditions and the VPS Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of their 
respective Noteholders to consider matters affecting the interests of such Noteholders generally. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. As a result, Noteholders 
can be bound by the result of a vote that they did not participate in or voted against. 
The Ordinary Note Conditions provide that the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
prior consent or sanction of any of the Ordinary Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
 
certain modifications in relation to the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant, which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the interests of the Ordinary 
Noteholders, as detailed within the Ordinary Note Conditions; and 
 
any modification to the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification will be binding on the Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee may agree to amend the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders provided that: 
 
such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any 
material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or 
 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. 
The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such 
amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is 
unnecessary. 
3.6 Withholding tax 
Under the Ordinary Notes Conditions and the VPS Conditions, all payments in respect of the Notes will be 
made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Kingdom of Norway or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law, in which case such deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from Norway. The withholding 
obligation currently applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who are resident in low 
tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a credit institution wholly owned by a Norwegian

--- Page 26 ---
18 
commercial bank, the Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes 
issued by it. 
If the payments of interest in respect of an issue of Notes are subject to withholding tax, the Issuer will, subject 
to certain exceptions, be required to gross up the payments in accordance with Condition 6 and may exercise 
its right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 5. 
3.7 The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only 
The Notes will be solely obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory priority claim against 
the pool of cover assets maintained by the Issuer (dual recourse) under, Chapter 11, Sub-chapter II of the Act 
and Chapter 11 of the Regulations. An investment in the Notes involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer. The Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by SR-Bank or any member of the 
SR-Bank Group, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap Providers, any 
company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme. No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount 
due under the Notes will be accepted by any of the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Swap Providers, any company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the 
transaction documents relating to the Programme. 
3.8 Issuance of definitive notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the 
minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
The Notes have a denomination consisting of a minimum authorised denomination of €100,000 plus additional 
higher integral multiples of €1,000 or their equivalent. Accordingly, it is possible that the Notes may be traded 
in amounts in excess of the minimum authorised denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
denomination. In such a case, if definitive Notes are required to be issued, a Noteholder who holds a principal 
amount less than the minimum authorised denomination at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note 
in respect of such holding and may need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that their holding amounts 
to the minimum authorised denomination (or another relevant denomination amount). 
If definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum authorised denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
3.9 Notes not in physical form 
Unless the Bearer Global Notes or the Registered Global Notes are exchanged for Bearer Definitive Notes or 
Registered Definitive Notes, respectively, which exchange will only occur in the limited circumstances set out 
under “Form of the Notes” below, the beneficial ownership of the Notes will be recorded in book-entry form 
only with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The fact that Noteholders’ interests in the Notes are not 
represented in physical form could, among other things: 
 
result in payment delays on the Notes because distributions on the Notes will be sent by or on behalf of 
the Issuer to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg instead of directly to Noteholders; 
 
make it difficult for Noteholders to pledge the Notes as security if Notes in physical form are required 
or necessary for such purposes; and 
 
hinder the ability of Noteholders to resell the Notes because some investors may be unwilling to buy 
Notes that are not in physical form.

--- Page 27 ---
19 
3.10 The application of the net proceeds of Green Notes as described and defined in “Use of 
Proceeds” may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
It is the Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from the offer of any Green Notes 
specifically for Eligible Green Loans (each as defined under “Use of Proceeds” below).  
Eligible Green Loans will be included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool along with other mortgage loans that are not 
Eligible Green Loans. Consequently, prospective investors in the Green Notes will have a claim against the 
entire Cover Pool without a preferential claim on the Eligible Green Loans over and above other investors, and 
all Green Notes will from time to time rank pari passu with each other and with any other Notes which may 
have been issued by the Issuer. 
Prospective investors in any Green Notes issued under the Programme should have regard to the information 
in “Use of Proceeds” regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Notes and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for “green” 
purpose (as described in “Use of Proceeds”) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Loans. 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a “green bond” or market consensus 
as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as ‘green’, ‘environmental’, 
‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the 
EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for 
the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. On 4 June 2021, the 
European Commission formally adopted the first delegated act (the “EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”) 
aimed at supporting sustainable investment by making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to 
meeting the EU’s environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for 
economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on 
climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and 
buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with the 
mandates in the Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers that that the eligibility criteria for Eligible Green Loans will satisfy any requisite criteria 
determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any 
other) framework for such securities.  
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission presented a proposal for a European green bond standard. A 
provisional political agreement was reached in February 2023, leading to the publication of Regulation (EU) 
2023/2631 (“EU Green Bond Regulation”) in the Official Journal of the EU on 30 November 2023, with most 
provisions to apply from 21 December 2024. The EU Green Bond Regulation introduces the “European Green

--- Page 28 ---
20 
Bond Standard” as a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds (such as Green Notes) where 
the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU taxonomy. Any Green Notes issued 
under this programme will not be aligned with such European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply 
with the criteria and processes set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework only. It is not clear at this stage 
the impact which the European Green Bond Standard may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green 
use of proceeds bonds (such as the Green Notes) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and 
liquidity for the Green Notes and their price. 
There can be no assurance by the Issuer that the use of the net proceeds of Green Notes will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are 
required to comply under its own governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. No assurance or 
representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Loans 
to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Green Notes. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date 
that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes. Currently, 
the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. 
If any Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Green Loans. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger, the VPS Note Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green 
Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Green Notes 
for Eligible Green Loans in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, there can be no 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to do this. Any such event or failure by the Issuer to allocate an amount 
equal to the proceeds of any Green Notes for Eligible Green Loans or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible 
Green Loans as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in 
connection with an issue of Green Notes or the failure of Green Notes to meet investors' expectations 
requirements regarding any "green" or similar labels and/or any Green Notes no longer being listed or admitted

--- Page 29 ---
21 
to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid and/or the fact that the duration or maturity, 
if applicable, of any project(s) or uses(s) related to any Eligible Green Loans may not match the maturity of 
any Green Notes and/or the failure by the Issuer to meet any environmental, social or sustainability targets 
and/or failure of the Eligible Green Loans to perform expected will not constitute an event of default or breach 
of contract with respect to any of the Green Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Green Notes for any 
Eligible Green Loans as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is 
reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Notes no longer being listed or admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, will not (i) give rise to any claim of a 
Noteholder against the Issuer (or any Dealer); (ii) constitute a default of the Issuer for any purpose; or (iii) lead 
to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any such Notes or give any Noteholder 
the right to require redemption of its Notes. Accordingly, any such event of failure may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Green Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
4. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Notes 
4.1 Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework and other regulatory changes 
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and supervision, 
all of which is subject to continuous development and updates. Overall, there is a trend of increasing regulatory 
scrutiny of the financial service business within which the Issuer operates. Any significant regulatory 
development or increased supervision could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its business, the 
products and services it offers and the value of its assets. Further, such changes may result in increased 
compliance costs and may affect the Issuer’s results of operations. 
On 27 November 2019, the European Parliament adopted a harmonised EU covered bond framework. The 
framework includes a new directive for covered bonds (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and Regulation (EU) 
2019/2150 implementing certain amendments to article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (together, the 
“EU Covered Bond Reforms”). The EU Covered Bond Reforms were implemented into Norwegian law on 8 
July 2022. Implementation of the EU Covered Bond Reforms imposed new requirements on the Issuer such as 
a new liquidity buffer requirement of 180 days and objective triggers for the exercise of extendable maturity 
(also known as ‘soft bullet’) rights by the Issuer (please see “Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding 
Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no precedents 
as to how the provisions included in the EU Covered Bond Reforms will be interpreted by Norwegian courts 
or other judicial authorities. Therefore, there is a certain legislative uncertainty with respect to how the 
interpretation of the EU Covered Bonds Reforms may affect the Covered Bonds, which could have an adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. 
4.2 Reform and Regulation of “benchmarks” 
Benchmarks such as EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” (each 
a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”), to which the interest on securities may be linked, have become 
the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented, and include the 
introduction of “risk free” rates such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR. These reforms may cause the relevant 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or to be discontinued, or have other consequences which

--- Page 30 ---
22 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of the amount payable under the Notes. In respect of the risks 
related to alternative benchmarks such as SOFR, SONIA and €STR, please see "The market continues to 
develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes" below. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council’s regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds. In addition to the aforementioned regulation, there are numerous other proposals, 
initiatives and investigations which may impact Benchmarks.  
Changes to the administration of a Benchmark or the emergence of alternatives to a Benchmark, may cause 
such a Benchmark to perform differently than in the past or to be discontinued, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The discontinuation of a Benchmark or changes to its administration 
could require changes to the way in which the rate of interest is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing 
or linked to such a Benchmark. The development of alternatives to a Benchmark may result in Notes linked to 
or referencing such a Benchmark performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if the 
alternatives to such a Benchmark had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing such a Benchmark. Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to 
potential changes to such Benchmark may adversely affect such Benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on the same Benchmark. 
Whilst alternatives to certain Benchmarks for use in the bond market are being developed, outstanding Notes 
linked to or referencing a Benchmark may transition away from such a Benchmark in accordance with the 
particular fallback arrangements set out in their terms and conditions. The operation of these fallback 
arrangements could result in a different return for Noteholders and Couponholders (which may include payment 
of a lower rate of interest) than they might receive under other similar securities which contain different or no 
fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise receive in the event that legislative measures or 
other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any given Benchmark to an alternative rate).  
The Conditions provide that the rate of interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page 
(or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither 
the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the rate of interest may ultimately revert to the rate of 
interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, a 
public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (i) that it has or will cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate or (ii) that such rate is or will be no longer representative of its underlying market. If 
a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. 
After consulting with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate, even if the Original Reference Rate 
continues to be available. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the rate of 
interest is likely to result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked to any such

--- Page 31 ---
23 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to the Original Reference 
Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer, 
the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that an 
Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.  
The Adjustment Spread is the spread, formula or methodology (i) which is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities); (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, which the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; (iii) which, in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate; (iv) if the 
Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be; or (v) if the Issuer determines that 
no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation 
with the Independent Advisor and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is 
appropriate. If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
Accordingly, the application or absence of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Issuer may not be able to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate prior to the date which is 10 business days before the next Interest 
Determination Date, the rate of interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the rate of interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the rate of interest will be 
determined using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Date.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue to attempt to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest 
Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial rate of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or

--- Page 32 ---
24 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of 
interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial rate of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply 
to maturity. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes.  
Where the Floating Rate Option specified is a Benchmark Floating Rate Option, the rate of interest may be 
determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain 
banks. If the relevant Benchmark is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from 
banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the rate 
of interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate 
Notes. Finally, if EURIBOR or any relevant Benchmark is discontinued, there can be no assurance that the 
applicable fall-back provisions under the Swap Agreements would operate to allow the transactions under the 
Swap Agreements to effectively mitigate interest rate risk in respect of the Floating Rate Notes. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop and 
apply as between the Mortgage Loans, the Notes and/or the Swap Agreements due to applicable fall-back 
provisions or other matters and the effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts 
available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Notes. 
4.3 The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Floating Rate Notes with interest determined on the basis of the 
reference rates SONIA, SOFR and €STR. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA SOFR and €STR as 
reference rates in the capital markets and the adoption of SONIA and SOFR as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR 
or Dollar LIBOR, respectively. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term).  
The nascent development of SONIA, SOFR and €STR rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, 
as well as continued development of SONIA, SOFR and €STR based rates for such markets and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of the Notes. The use of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR and €STR. In particular, 
investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
linked instruments issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including 
those in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes. The Issuer may in future also issue Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging

--- Page 33 ---
25 
or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Instruments referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR. 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR differ from rates such as EURIBOR and LIBOR in a number of material respects, 
including that SONIA, SOFR and €STR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, 
whereas EURIBOR and LIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element 
based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR and LIBOR on the one hand 
and SONIA, SOFR or €STR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will 
perform differently over time to EURIBOR or LIBOR which are unsecured rates. For example, since 
publication of SOFR began in April 2018 daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than 
daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SOFR, SONIA or €STR are only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (or other date on which accrued interest may become due on the Notes). It may 
be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SOFR, SONIA or €STR to estimate reliably the amount of 
interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to, for example, EURIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SOFR, SONIA or €STR are 
redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest 
Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined on the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable. 
Since SOFR, SONIA and €STR are relatively new market indices, Notes which reference SOFR, SONIA or 
€STR may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, SONIA or €STR such as 
the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such 
Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if SOFR, SONIA or 
€STR do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes which reference 
SOFR, SONIA or €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors 
in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of investors in Notes which reference SOFR, SONIA or €STR. If the manner in which SOFR, SONIA 
or €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes using 
SOFR, SONIA or €STR as a reference rate may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments 
in conventional debt securities. 
4.4 Regulatory Considerations 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation 648/2012 (“EMIR”) aims to increase stability in European 
over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives markets and includes measures to require the clearing of certain OTC 
derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties and to increase the transparency of OTC 
derivatives transactions. EMIR applies to OTC derivatives contracts falling within its scope entered into by 
financial counterparties, regardless of the identity of the other counterparty to the contract. EMIR has been 
included in the EEA Agreement and is implemented in Norway.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
Issuers of covered bonds are exempted from the collateral and central clearing requirements otherwise 
applicable to counterparties to OTC derivative contracts under EMIR, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions as set out in relevant technical standards and delegated acts. Nevertheless, changes to EMIR and/or 
ancillary standards and/or delegated acts may imply introduction of new measures (for instance an expansion 
of the class of OTC derivatives contracts that are subject to the clearing requirement).   
Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory changes arising from EMIR may in due course 
significantly increase the cost of entering into derivative contracts for the Issuer and may adversely affect its 
ability to engage in derivative contracts. 
In addition, Title VII of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted 21 July 
2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), established a comprehensive new U.S. regulatory regime for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts (collectively referred to in this risk factor as “covered swaps”). Among other things, Title 
VII provides the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) and the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over many different types of 
derivatives that are currently traded over-the-counter, requires the establishment of a comprehensive registration 
and regulatory framework applicable to covered swap dealers and other major market participants, requires 
many types of covered swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on swap execution facilities (“SEFs”) and 
centrally cleared, and contemplates the imposition of capital requirements and margin requirements for 
uncleared transactions in covered swaps. 
Many of the key regulations implementing Title VII have recently become effective or are in final form. 
However, in some instances, the interpretation and potential impact of these regulations are not yet entirely 
clear. In 2018, the U.S. passed legislation which scaled back the scope of the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, the 
approach of the current administration in the U.S. adds to the uncertainty surrounding the complete scope of 
the Dodd-Frank Act and other U.S. regulations, any changes to which might impact SR-Boligkreditt’s business 
activities and/or the value or liquidity of the Notes. Additionally, not all of the regulations implementing Title 
VII, particularly with respect to security-based swaps, have been finalized and made effective. Due to this 
uncertainty, a complete assessment of the exact effects of Title VII cannot be made at this time. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance that any derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer would not be treated as covered 
swaps under the Dodd-Frank Act, nor is there assurance that the Issuer or the swap counterparty would not be 
required to comply with additional regulations promulgated by the CFTC and/or SEC in respect of such 
derivative contract. 
In particular, the Swaps contemplated under the Programme may include agreements that are regulated as 
covered swaps under Title VII, each of which may be subject to new clearing, execution, capital, margin posting, 
reporting and recordkeeping requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act that could result in additional regulatory 
burdens, costs and expenses (including extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of the Issuer). Such requirements 
may disrupt the Issuer and its affiliates’ ability to hedge their exposure to various transactions, including any 
obligations it may owe to investors under the Notes, and may materially and adversely impact a transaction’s 
value or the value of the Notes. While the Dodd-Frank Act provides for the grandfathering of certain swaps, 
such grandfathering may not apply to the transactions entered into by the Issuer or may only apply to certain 
transactions. Additionally, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how these regulatory developments will impact the 
treatment of the Notes. 
Prior to the effective date of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Swaps were over-the-counter contracts that were not 
required by U.S. regulators to be cleared or executed through an exchange or SEF. The Notes allow the Issuer 
to call and/or terminate them in certain circumstances (such a circumstance, a “Reg Out”), including but not 
limited to a change in law or regulation that (1) creates a materially increased cost to enter into, maintain or 
hedge any issuance of Notes, such as increased margin requirements, or (2) makes such maintenance or hedging 
impossible or impracticable. Any such Reg Out could result in an investor’s Notes decreasing significantly in

--- Page 35 ---
27 
value at a time that is disadvantageous to the Noteholder. If the Issuer chooses not to exercise the Reg Out and 
complies with relevant Title VII provisions, there will also be increased costs, which could result in an investor’s 
Notes decreasing significantly in value at a time that is disadvantageous to the Noteholder. 
Given that the full scope and consequences of the enactment of EMIR and the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules 
still to be adopted thereunder are not yet known, investors are urged to consult their own advisors regarding the 
suitability of an investment in any Notes. 
Additionally, to the extent any particular series contains a Reg Out, investors must carefully consider what the 
consequences of its exercise might be and make their own determinations in consultation with their advisors 
regarding an investment in any Notes. 
4.5 Implementation of and/or changes to the Basel III and Basel IV framework may affect the capital 
requirements and/or the liquidity associated with a holding of the Notes for certain investors 
In 2011, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) approved significant changes 
to the Basel II regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being commonly referred to as “Basel 
III”). In particular, Basel III provided for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential rules, including new 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for global systemically 
important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial institutions and certain minimum 
liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding Ratio). In December 
2017, the Basel Committee published proposed amendments to the Basel III framework (such changes being 
commonly referred to as “Basel IV”). The Basel IV regulations contain a number of policy and supervisory 
actions to strengthen the reliability and comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and reduce unjustified 
differences in capital requirements between banks and countries. Basel IV is proposed to be introduced 
gradually starting in 2023 and be fully implemented by 2028. 
Implementation of the Basel framework requires national legislation and therefore the final rules and the 
timetable for their implementation in each jurisdiction may be subject to some level of national variation. 
Implementation of the Basel framework and any changes as described above may have an impact on the capital 
requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject to 
requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the liquidity and/or value of the 
Notes.  
The Notes are expected to be fully compliant with Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (“CRR”) (as 
amended by Regulation 2019/2160) and therefore qualify for a 10 per cent. risk weighting in eligible European 
jurisdictions. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory developments described 
above will impact the treatment of the Notes. In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the 
regulatory capital requirements in respect of the Notes and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any 
changes to the Basel framework (including the changes described above) and the relevant implementing 
measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND SUPPLEMENTS 
TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
The sections entitled: 
(a) 
“Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 68 to 107 (inclusive) and “Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 108 to 143 (inclusive) of the prospectus dated 
7 July 2023 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/gjeldsinvestorer/SR_Boligkreditt_2023_Update_Prospectus.pdf 
(b) 
“Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 68 to 108 (inclusive) and “Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 109 to 145 (inclusive) of the prospectus dated 
27 June 2022 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/SR-Boligkreditt_Covered_Bond_Programme_dated_27_June_2022.pdf 
(c) 
“Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 67 to 107 (inclusive) and “Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 108 to 144 (inclusive) of the prospectus dated 
10 June 2021 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/SRBoligkredittCoveredBondProgrammedated10June2021.pdf 
(d) 
“Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 64 to 96 (inclusive) and “Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 97 to 125 (inclusive) of the prospectus dated 
10 June 2020 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/SR-BoligkredittCoveredBondProgrammedated10June2020.pdf 
(e) 
 “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 65 to 94 (inclusive) and “Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 95 to 120 (inclusive) of the prospectus dated 
13 June 2019 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/EMTN-final/SR-BoligkredittCoveredBondProgrammedated13June2019.pdf 
(f) 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 62 to 88 
(inclusive) and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 89 to 110 (inclusive) 
of the prospectus dated 4 May 2018 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/SRBoligkredittCoveredBondProgrammedated4May2018.pdf 
(g) 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 62 to 88 
(inclusive) and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 89 to 111 (inclusive) 
of the prospectus dated 23 May 2017 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/SR-BoligkredittCoveredBondProgrammedated23May2017.pdf 
(h) 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes” set out on pages 61. to 87 
(inclusive) and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” set out on pages 88 to 109 (inclusive) 
of the prospectus dated 18 May 2016 a copy of which is available on the website of the Issuer at:  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/SRBoligkredittCoveredBondProgrammedated18May2016.pdf 
(for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Notes will indicate the 
Terms and Conditions applicable to such Series or Tranche and unless otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of all Notes issued after the date hereof shall be those 
set out in full in this Prospectus).

--- Page 37 ---
29 
The following documents have been filed with the CSSF and shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus:  
 
The unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the three-month period ended 31 
March 2024, which are available on the website of the Issuer at  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/Rapporter/2024/Q1/SR-Boligkreditt_Q12024.pdf 
 provided that only the information set out at the following pages is incorporated by reference: 
Statement of the Board of Directors 
Page 3 
Statement pursuant to the Securities Trading Act 
Page 3 
Income Statement 
Page 4 
Balance Sheet 
Page 5 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 6 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 7 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 8 to 13 
 
 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 
and approved by the Board of Directors on 12 March 2024, set out in the Issuer’s 2023 Annual Report 
which are available on the website of the Issuer at  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/boligkreditt/SR-Boligkreditt_Annual_report2023.pdf  
provided that only the information set out at the following pages is incorporated by reference:  
Income Statement 
Page 6 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Balance Sheet 
Page 7 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 8 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 9 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Notes to the Accounts 
Pages 10 to 31 of the relevant document in 
pdf format 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 33 to 35 of the relevant document in 
pdf format 
 
 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and approved by the Board of Directors on 9 March 2023, set out in the Issuer’s 2022 Annual Report 
which are available on the website of the Issuer at  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/Rapporter/2022/SR-Boligkreditt_Annual_report2022.pdf 
provided that only the information set out at the following pages is incorporated by reference:

--- Page 38 ---
30 
Income Statement 
Page 6 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Balance Sheet 
Page 7 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 8 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 9 of the relevant document in pdf 
format 
Notes to the Accounts 
Pages 10 to 33 of the relevant document in 
pdf format 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 35 to 37 of the relevant document in 
pdf format 
 
Where only certain parts of a document are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the non-
incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) 
from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in 
London and in Luxembourg. Documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be 
published on the Issuer’s website and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). No 
information on any website forms part of this Base Prospectus except as specifically incorporated by reference, 
as set out above. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
31 
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW AND DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The information in this section is an overview of the structure relating to the Programme and does not purport 
to be complete. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest 
in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole. 
The information is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words 
and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this summary. A 
glossary of certain defined terms used in this document is contained at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
Structure Overview  
 
Programme: Under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Notes to the Noteholders on each 
Issue Date. The Notes will be unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool as covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued 
in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations (both as defined below). The Notes will be 
covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)” (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett (premium)) and may be issued as Ordinary Notes or VPS Notes to which the Ordinary Note 
Conditions and the VPS Conditions shall apply respectively to such Notes. 
 
Cover Pool: The Cover Pool consists of mortgages secured on residential property located in Norway, 
substitution assets and eligible derivatives agreements (if any). The substitution assets are held for 
liquidity management. 
 
Origination and Transfer of Mortgage Loans: On 11 May 2015 the Originator entered into a Transfer 
and Servicing Agreement (the “Transfer and Servicing Agreement”) with the Issuer under the terms of 
which the Originator, from time to time, sells and transfers certain selected mortgages to the Issuer. The 
Issuer selects the mortgages it wishes to buy based on its own credit policy and pursuant to the 
requirements of the Norwegian covered bond legislation. The Originator continues to service the 
mortgages transferred by it on behalf of the Issuer. In consideration for the sale and servicing of the 
Notes 
proceeds 
Covered 
Bond 
Originator 
SR-BOLIGKREDITT AS 
Issuer 
Swap Providers 
NOTEHOLDERS 
VPS Trustee 
(only in respect of VPS Notes) 
Purchase price 
Equity capital and Senior 
unsecured capital 
Interest and currency 
swap payments 
Servicing fee 
NOK Standard Variable 
Rate Mortgages

--- Page 40 ---
32 
mortgages, the Originator receives the initial purchase price (equal to the principal amount outstanding 
on the mortgages) and a monthly fixed servicing fee per loan. The Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
also provides for servicing by the Originator of mortgages originated directly by the Issuer in its own 
name, in which case a monthly fixed servicing fee will be paid by the Issuer per loan. Furthermore, the 
Transfer and Servicing Agreement contemplates the provision by the Originator of a revolving overdraft 
facility to the Issuer which can be utilised by the Issuer for the purpose of (i) making payment of 
purchased loans to the Originator, (ii) funding drawings under flexi-loans, (iii) paying operational 
expenses and (iv) funding other working capital needs. 
 
Maintenance or Increase of Transferred Loan Volumes: Under the terms of the Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement, the Originator is required to maintain the original level of the mortgages transferred by the 
Originator by transferring further mortgages to the Issuer from time to time. Similarly, if it is deemed 
necessary by the Issuer that the levels of mortgages in the Cover Pool should be increased, the Originator 
may be requested to transfer such additional mortgages to the Issuer as notified by the Issuer. 
 
Funding from Originator to the Issuer: The Originator may, at the time of transfer of further loans to the 
Cover Pool pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, be required to provide senior unsecured 
lending deemed necessary to fund any overcollateralisation to obtain the desired rating for the Issuer. 
 
Priority of claims: By virtue of the priority established by the Act, in the event of the Issuer being placed 
under public administration or liquidated, payments due to the holders of the Notes will be stopped if 
the income from the Cover Pool can no longer provide timely payments on the Notes, or there is a 
significant risk that the income from the Cover Pool will not be able to provide timely payments on the 
Notes in the future. When such payments are stopped, the holders of the Notes and the relevant Swap 
Providers will have an exclusive, pari passu and pro rata prioritised claim against the Cover Pool. The 
prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other claims against the Issuer, save for claims relating to the 
fees and expenses of the public administration board. 
 
Overcollateralisation: The Issuer is required by the Regulations to maintain at least 5 per cent. 
overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool at all times. Irrespective of the Regulations, the Issuer has also 
contractually agreed to provide a similar minimum level of overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool as set 
out in Condition 2(b) of the Ordinary Notes and Condition 2(b) of the VPS Notes. In addition, the Issuer 
may (but is not obliged to) decide to provide a higher level of overcollateralisation provided that it 
complies with Condition 2(b) of the Ordinary Notes and Condition 2(b) of the VPS Notes (breach of 
which will have limited consequences for the Issuer). The Issuer is not obliged to comply with any such 
higher level of overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool at all times. Any contractually agreed level of 
overcollateralisation will be subject to change in accordance with any higher level imposed by applicable 
Norwegian legislation from time to time. See further “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Notes – 
Overcollateralisation” above. 
 
Covered Bond Swaps: The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into derivative transactions with various 
swap providers to hedge the following risks: 
(a) 
Currency risk: The Issuer will enter into Currency Swaps from time to time with Currency Swap 
Providers by executing ISDA Master Agreement(s) (including schedules, confirmations and, in 
each case, a credit support annex) in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Notes 
issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets forming part of the Cover Pool but 
denominated in NOK; and/or 
(b) 
Interest rate risk: The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps 
with Interest Rate Swap Providers by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including schedules,

--- Page 41 ---
33 
confirmations and, in each case, a credit support annex), in order to hedge the Issuer’s interest 
rate risks.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
General 
Unless the “Reasons for Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to be for “green” purposes, 
the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.  
Green Notes 
Use of proceeds, project evaluation and selection 
Where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to be for “green” purposes 
as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (the “Green Notes”), an amount equal to the net proceeds from 
each such issue of Green Notes will be used as described below.  
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any such issue of Green Notes to finance 
or refinance, in part or in full, an array of new and/or existing green projects (as described in the section headed 
“Use of Proceeds” of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as defined below)) (the “Eligible Green Loans”). 
Eligible Green Loans are expected to include loans in the following categories:  
 
Residential Green Buildings: new and existing mortgages for energy efficient residential buildings in 
Norway; 
 
Commercial Green Buildings: loans to energy efficient commercial properties; 
 
Renewable Energy: loans to finance or refinance activities of renewable energy generation sources 
(hydro power, wind, solar); 
 
Clean Transportation: loans to finance or refinance low carbon vehicles and/or low carbon transportation 
infrastructure; and 
 
General: general corporate purposes loans to “pure play” green companies (being those deriving more 
than 90 per cent. of their revenues from the above categories). 
The Issuer has relied on the support of an external green real estate consultant Multiconsult ASA to define the 
associated eligibility criteria which are further described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, the latest 
version of which is published on its website:  
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/gjeldsinvestorer/SR-
Green_Bond_Framework_2024.pdf 
(including, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time, the 
“Green Bond Framework”). 
Management of Green Note proceeds 
The Issuer intends to allocate the proceeds from any issue of Green Notes under the Programme to a portfolio 
of loans that meet the use of proceeds eligibility criteria and in accordance with the evaluation and selection 
process presented above and in the Green Bond Framework (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”). 
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio that 
matches or exceeds the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds from its outstanding Green Notes. 
Eligible Green Loans will be added to or removed from the Issuer’s Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to the extent 
required.

--- Page 43 ---
35 
While any an amount equal to the Green Note net proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold and/or 
invest in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments, the balance of an 
amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
Reporting 
The Issuer intends to make and keep readily available allocation and impact reporting in respect of each issue 
of Green Notes under the Programme, with effect from a year after the issuance, to be renewed annually until 
full allocation (the “Allocation Report”). The Issuer has appointed a specialised green consultant Multiconsult 
ASA to develop the methodology for the estimation and calculation of impacts, which will be provided on a 
portfolio basis (the “Impact Report”). Both the Allocation Report and the Impact Report will be available on 
the Issuer’s website.  
The Issuer intends to align the reporting with the portfolio approach described in the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles Handbook “Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2022)” (available at 
https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2022-updates/Harmonised-Framework-for-
Impact-Reporting-Green-Bonds_June-2022-280622.pdf). 
External review – second party opinion 
The Issuer will, from time to time, obtain an independent assessment of its Green Bond Framework from a 
second party, which, amongst other things, shall include an assessment of the Green Bond Framework against 
EU Taxonomy, which can be found on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us/investor/financial-info/sr-boligkreditt.html  
The latest second party opinion can be found on the website of the Issuer at: 
https://www.sparebank1.no/content/dam/SB1/bank/sr-bank/om-oss/Investor/virksomhetsstyring/gjeldsinvestorer/SR-
Second_Party_Opinion_aug2023.pdf. 
External review – verification 
In addition, the Issuer may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity (or 
until full allocation), a limited assurance report of the allocation of the proceeds of any issue of Green Notes to 
eligible assets, provided by its external auditor.  
Neither the Green Bond Framework, nor any of the above reports, verification assessments or contents of any 
of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. The information on the above 
websites have not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 44 ---
36 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer of Notes under the Programme is SR-Boligkreditt AS. The Issuer is a wholly owned direct subsidiary 
of SR-Bank (the “Originator”). 
The Issuer is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Norway and was originally established 
as a finance company on 17 March 2015. The Issuer’s organisation number in the Brønnøysund Register Centre 
is 915 174 388, its registered office is in Stavanger and the place of registration is Norway. The Issuer’s 
registered address is Christen Tranes gate 35, 4007 Stavanger, Norway. The Issuer’s contact number is +47 
5150 9437. The FSAN granted the Issuer licence to become a Mortgage Credit Institution on 19 January 2015.  
The Issuer’s objective is to acquire and own mortgages, which are primarily financed by issuing covered bonds. 
The Issuer arranges the purchase and transfer of mortgages from the Originator and markets its covered bonds 
to prospective investors. 
The Issuer can also originate new Mortgage Loans directly in its own name using SR-Bank’s branch and retail 
network. 
In this regard, SR-Bank must abide by all routines and regulations the Issuer has prescribed for collection of 
information and the communication of this to the Issuer.  
To obtain a mortgage, prospective borrowers must complete an application form which includes providing 
certain information about themselves, such as household income, current employment details, bank account 
information, current mortgage information (if any) and certain other personal information. 
The guidelines adopted by the Issuer’s board of directors with respect to the eligibility of loans for transfer and 
the transfer procedure are set out in the Issuer’s credit policy. Eligible loans are assets which are eligible for 
inclusion in the Cover Pool, as determined by the Act and Regulations (as amended, varied or supplemented 
from time to time) and the credit policy (“Eligible Loans”). The credit policy may put limits on Eligible Loans 
depending on: type of loan products; type of property; customer creditworthiness; and any other criteria the 
Issuer’s board of directors may, from time to time, think necessary. 
The Issuer purchases certain corporate services from the Originator as further regulated in service level 
agreements entered into between the parties. Both the Originator and the Issuer is supervised by the FSAN and 
their financial statements, respectively, are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS.  
BDO AS is appointed as the Issuer’s Cover Pool Monitor for 2024.

--- Page 45 ---
37 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER  
Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s board of directors consists of four members elected by the annual shareholders’ meeting (the Board 
of Directors). The Board of Directors has the overriding responsibility for the Issuer and sets out the strategy, 
risk limits and other guidelines for its operation. The Board of Directors supervises the operation of the company 
through regular reporting in management reports and discussions with internal auditors as well as external 
auditors and investigators appointed by the FSAN. The current directors are as follows:  
Inge Reinertsen Chairman (CFO of SR-Bank) 
Business address: Christen Tranes gate 35, P.O. Box 250, 4068 Stavanger, Norway 
Børge Henriksen (VP Business Development Retail Market of SR-Bank) 
Business address: Christen Tranes gate 35, P.O. Box 250, 4068 Stavanger, Norway  
Morten Forgaard (Director, Head of Finance and Investor Relations of SR-Bank) 
Business address: Christen Tranes gate 35, P.O. Box 250, 4068 Stavanger, Norway  
Siv Solem (Chief Negotiatior and Head of Employee Relations of Equinor) 
Business address: Forusbeen 50, P.O. Box 8500, 4035 Stavanger, Norway 
Management 
Dag Andreas Hjelle is the CEO of the Issuer. He also holds the position of Head of Treasury at SR-Bank. His 
business address is Christen Tranes gate 35, P.O. Box 250, 4068 Stavanger, Norway. The CEO is responsible 
for the day-to-day operation of the Issuer and that the Issuer is compliant with all relevant laws and regulations. 
Furthermore, the CEO operates in accordance with the strategy, risk limits and other resolutions set by the 
Board of Directors.

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Board of 
Directors
Inge Reinertsen
CEO
Dag Hjelle
Accounting
SR-Bank
Legal Services
SR-Bank
IT
SR-Bank
Back-Office
SR-Bank
Treasury
SR-Bank
Loan processing 
and reporting
SR-Bank
Risk 
Management
SR-Bank

--- Page 47 ---
39 
Conflict of interest within administration, management and supervisory bodies 
SR-Bank employs three of the four members of the Issuer’s board of directors. SR-Bank also employs the CEO 
of the Issuer as its Head of Treasury. However, since the Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SR-Bank, and 
the Issuer’s primary business will be to issue Notes under the Programme for the indirect benefit of SR-Bank, 
there are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to the Issuer by its management 
and the private interests and/or other external duties owed by any director. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer is not aware of any material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the 
Issuer’s business, and which could result in any entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligation 
to Noteholders in respect of the Notes that may be issued. 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuer is organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway.

--- Page 48 ---
40 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SPAREBANK 1 SR-BANK GROUP (THE “SR-BANK GROUP”) 
Overview 
On 1 October 1976, 22 savings banks in Rogaland merged to form Norway’s first regional savings bank, 
Sparebanken Rogaland. At that time, this was the most comprehensive merger that had been carried out among 
Norwegian savings banks. The regional savings bank grew through its active participation in Rogaland’s social 
and business development, and this has been the guiding concept ever since 1839, when the first of the merged 
savings banks was founded in Egersund. The intention of the founders of the savings banks in the rural districts 
was to contribute to positive community development by channelling locally created value back into local 
communities. 
In 1996, the bank was a co-founder of SpareBank 1 Alliance, which is a banking and product alliance. 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA’s participation in the SpareBank 1 Alliance links it to independent banks with local 
roots. This allows the bank to combine efficient operations and economies of scale with the benefits of being 
close to our customers and the market. In March 2007, the bank formally changed its name from Sparebanken 
Rogaland to SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA. On 21 June 2011, the Ministry of Finance granted SpareBank 1 SR-
Bank ASA permission to convert from a savings bank to a limited liability company (limited liability savings 
bank) and to establish a savings bank foundation on specific terms and conditions. The purpose of the 
foundation is to manage the shares received upon its formation and to exercise and maintain a substantial, long-
term and stable ownership interest in SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA. The foundation can distribute its surplus and, 
in line with savings bank traditions, donates to publicly beneficial projects in Rogaland, Aust-Agder, Vest-
Agder, and Hordaland. The conversion and establishment of Sparebankstiftelsen SR-Bank was completed with 
effect from 1 January 2012. The company’s legal name was simultaneously changed to SpareBank 1 SR-Bank 
ASA. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA is registered with the Norwegian Company Registry with organisation 
number 937 895 321. The address of the registered office is P.O. Box 250, 4066 Stavanger (tel +47 915 02002). 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA has the ambition to be the leading financial group in Southern Norway. SpareBank 
1 SR-Bank ASA offers a full range of financial services within areas such as loans, savings, advice, insurance, 
and pensions for personal and corporate customers. SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA had 36 branches and total assets 
of NOK 362.2 billion as at 31 December 2023. 
Business Operations 
The SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Group achieved a pre-tax profit of NOK 5,677 million in 2023. The net profit for 
the year amounted to NOK 4,475 million in 2023, compared with NOK 3,378 million in 2022.  
The SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Group consists of the parent bank, SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, and its subsidiaries. 
The most important subsidiaries are: EiendomsMegler 1 SR-Eiendom AS, SpareBank 1 SR-Bank 
Forretningspartner AS, FinStart Nordic AS and SR-Boligkreditt AS. 
The financial figures in this section have been extracted from SpareBank 1 SR-Bank Group’s audited financial 
statements as of and for the year ended 2023 (available at www.sr-bank.no).

--- Page 49 ---
41 
Business Strategy 
SR-Bank aims to be the most attractive supplier of financial services in the banks’ market area. The strategy is 
based on good customer experience, professionalism, local roots and decision making, financial strength, 
profitability and market trust. 
The Board of Directors 
The Board of SR-Bank consists of eight members and two deputy members, of which two members are elected 
by the employees. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the administration of SR-Bank’s business. This includes making 
decisions on individual credit cases. The Board must ensure a satisfactory organisation of SR-Bank’s operations, 
including ensuring that accounting and asset management are subjected to proper scrutiny. 
Board of SR-Bank: 
Name: 
 
Board position: 
 
Business address: 
Dag Mejdell 
 
Board Chairman 
 
Nobel Partners AS, Oscars gate 30, N-0352 
Oslo 
Trine Sæther Romuld 
 
Board Member 
 
SalMar ASA, Industriveien 51, N-7266 
Kverva 
Camilla AC Tepfers 
 
Board Member 
 
inFuture AS, Stortingsgaten 12, N-0161 
Oslo 
Jan Skogseth 
 
Board Member 
 
Nikkelveien 22, N-4313 Sandnes 
Kjetil Skjæveland 
 
Board Member 
 
Sparebankstiftelsen SR-Bank, 
Domkirkeplassen 2, N-4000 Stavanger 
Kate Henriksen 
 
Board Member 
 
Miles AS, O. J. Brochs gate 16a,  
N-5006 Bergen 
Sally Lund-Andersen 
 
Employee Representative 
 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA, Christen 
Tranesgt, 35, N-4009 Stavanger 
Eirik P. Elholm 
 
Employee Representative 
 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA,  
Christen Tranesgt, 35, N-4009 Stavanger 
 
Proposed Merger between SR-Bank and Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge 
On 26 October 2023, SR-Bank announced that the board of directors of SR-Bank and Sparebank 1 Sørøst-
Norge had approved a plan for merging the banks (the “Proposed Merger”) in order to form a combined bank, 
Sparebank 1 Sør-Norge ASA (“SpareBank 1 Sør-Norge”). Following this, on 5 December 2023, the general 
meeting of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank and the supervisory board of Sparebank 1 Sørøst-Norge each approved the 
Proposed Merger.   
The Proposed Merger necessitates (amongst other things) approval from the Norwegian Competition Authority 
(“NCA”) and the FSAN. The NCA cleared the Proposed Merger on 17 April 2024, and subsequently, on 20 
June 2024, the FSAN granted its permission to carry out the Proposed Merger. The FSAN’s permission is 
subject to certain conditions, including (but not limited to) that the owner foundations (Sparebankstiftelsen SR-

--- Page 50 ---
42 
Bank, Sparebank 1 Stiftelsen BV and Sparebankstiftelsen Telemark) at all times maintain a combined ownership 
stake of at least 33.4 per cent. in Sparebank 1 Sør-Norge.    
On 24 June 2024, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance resolved that the Proposed Merger may be completed on 
a tax-free basis. This means there will be no immediate taxation of any gain due on the transfer of the business, 
assets and liabilities of SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge, nor immediate taxation of any of the owners of equity 
certificates in SpareBank 1 Sørøst-Norge. 
Of the authority approvals, final approval from the FSAN for necessary changes to the articles of association 
of the owner foundations remains.   
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and contingent upon securing all necessary regulatory consents, the 
Proposed Merger is scheduled to take effect on 1 October 2024.

--- Page 51 ---
43 
MORTGAGE ORIGINATION, ELIGIBILITY AND SERVICING 
Mortgage Products 
Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer or SR-Bank may form part of the Cover Pool provided such Mortgage 
Loans constitute Eligible Loans. 
The descriptions of the products and processes in this section relate to the products and processes as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change from time to time. 
General Mortgage Loan Features 
The Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer or the Originator are mainly standard variable rate loans (such 
rates being set on the basis of the individual borrower’s credit history and the funding costs for the Originator). 
The Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer or the Originator have the following key features (although not 
all such Mortgage Loans will be Eligible Loans): 
 
purpose of loans – a Mortgage Loan may be for the purposes of purchasing or refinancing a residential 
property – typically this will be a primary residence, but it could also be for a second home or a leisure 
property owned by the borrower; 
 
additional advances – certain Mortgage Loans (known as “flexible loans”, i.e. revolving credit loans) 
allow the customer to leave all or a portion of the Mortgage Loan undrawn at the point of origination. 
The undrawn portion may be drawn from time to time within the agreed term of the Mortgage Loan and 
provided the customer has not previously defaulted under the Mortgage Loan; 
 
repayment profile – the Mortgage Loans may be annuity or serial repayment loans. In certain 
circumstances, an interest-only period may be established within the repayment profile, typically at the 
start of the Mortgage Loan’s term; 
 
prepayment – all variable rate Mortgage Loans contain the option for the borrower to make prepayments 
of all or part of the Mortgage Loan without incurring any prepayment fee; 
 
other fees – small fees are charged to the borrower upon the origination of the Mortgage Loan and on 
each monthly payment date; 
 
interest accrual – interest on a Mortgage Loan accrues daily; 
 
maturity of a Mortgage Loan – the life of a Mortgage Loan may vary, but the typical maturity is 25 or 
30 years and the historically observed, weighted average life of a Mortgage Loan (which depends on the 
borrower’s repayment behaviour) has been 3.5 years; and 
 
nature of customers – the Originator has a large number of return customers, giving the bank an improved 
understanding of the credit risks associated with such customers (subject to legal restrictions on retention 
of data described below). In addition, the customers reside in the bank’s operating regions allowing it to 
leverage the knowledge of the local housing market and minimise fraud. The share of online applications 
is currently low and a meeting with an advisor can be arranged to supplement information supplied 
online, again minimising the risk of fraud. 
The required monthly payments due from borrowers in connection with the Mortgage Loans may vary from 
month to month for various reasons, including changes in the standard variable interest rate.

--- Page 52 ---
44 
All borrowers in respect of the Mortgage Loans make monthly payments to a designated account in the Issuer’s 
name at the Originator. This account is swept daily (overnight) into a central account in the Issuer’s name (this 
account also forms part of the Cover Pool). Borrowers typically pay by direct debit. 
Each Mortgage Loan is secured by way of a standard format mortgage document (pantedokument) stipulating 
the amount which is secured by the mortgage document and which is registered on the mortgaged property in 
the official Norwegian Real Property Registry. Each Mortgage Loan and each mortgage document is subject to 
Norwegian law. 
Mortgage Origination 
The Issuer can originate Mortgage Loans directly or purchase the Mortgage Loans from SR-Bank. 
The following steps are carried out in the following order by the Originator as part of the mortgage origination 
process. The standards and procedures of the Originator are subject to change (for example to reflect changes 
in the business environment). 
1 
Customer and Product Information 
The customer’s personal details are recorded in a central database by the Originator together with the customer’s 
requirements for the Mortgage Loan, such as the amount and preferred maturity. No intermediaries are used in 
the origination procedure, and the Originator does not outsource any aspect of the origination or administration 
of the Mortgage Loans, save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus. 
2 
Rating and Classification 
The customer service representative gathers information from the customer and applies a scoring algorithm (the 
“Scorecard”) that uses data from an internal database for performance history and account information and an 
external database containing filed income and tax assessment data and payment default information. 
The Scorecard consists of numerous variables measuring customer income, net worth and borrowing behaviour. 
The weighting given to each of these variables will depend on whether or not the customer is a new Mortgage 
Loan customer.  
The Scorecard data is processed through an algorithm (credit assessment model) and each customer is assigned 
a rating from A to K indicating his or her probability of default (with A being the rating carrying the least risk). 
Only Mortgage Loans rated A through F are acceptable to the Issuer for sale and transfer from the Originator to 
the Cover Pool. 
The customer rating is carried out both at the point of origination and each month thereafter for the life of the 
relevant Mortgage Loan. Accordingly the process also constitutes a key management and monitoring tool both 
in respect of the Cover Pool and individual borrowers. 
The Scorecard algorithm is validated on a regular basis by the SpareBank 1 Center of Excellence Credit Risk 
Modelling to identify areas for improvement. 
3 
Test of Debt Servicing Capacity 
Customers are subject to a test of their debt servicing capacity. Debt servicing capacity is evaluated using a 
national model (known as the SIFO model, developed by the Norwegian government’s National Institute for 
Consumer Research) based on the net income and expenses of the applicant’s household. An applicant’s debt 
servicing capacity is also calculated on the basis of the applicant’s total assets and debts and the cost of

--- Page 53 ---
45 
financing. The Originator takes into account a stressed scenario for affordability and considers the applicant’s 
ability to handle interest rate increases of several percentage points, currently set at 3 percentage points, or a 
minimum interest rate of 7 per cent.. 
4 
Collateral Valuation 
The valuation of the residential property which is pledged as security for a Mortgage Loan is often the 
transaction value (in those cases where a house purchase is financed by the Mortgage Loan) as transactions in 
Norway take the form of an open market auction and so provide a sufficiently adequate indication of market 
value. When a new Mortgage Loan is originated without a sale of the property (a refinancing), the valuation is 
performed by an independent source, which could be a licensed valuer or a licensed real estate agent. A valuation 
for a refinancing transaction could also be provided by Eiendomsverdi AS (a leading Norwegian provider of 
property valuations) through the use of an automated valuation model.  
Valuations in the Cover Pool are subsequently tested and evaluated quarterly by Eiendomsverdi AS and this 
forms the basis of the measurement of loan-to-value over time for the Cover Pool. 
If there is a large discrepancy between the estimate of the independent valuer and that of Eiendomsverdi AS, 
the independent valuer may be contacted to establish the authenticity and quality of the estimate. If there is still 
doubt regarding the estimate following communication with the independent valuer, another independent valuer 
may be consulted. 
The independent appraisal of the real estate assets securing Mortgage Loans acquired by the Issuer is a legal 
requirement pursuant to Norwegian covered bond legislation. The requirement extends to documenting by 
whom and under what assumptions the valuation was conducted. According to the Issuer’s credit policy, the 
valuation cannot be older than 24 months at the date on which the Issuer acquires the Mortgage Loan.  
The ongoing quarterly testing of the valuation of the underlying collateral performed by the Issuer via 
Eiendomsverdi AS is not a legal requirement. However, covered bond issuers in Norway are required by law to 
revalue the underlying collateral (i) when there is reason to believe that due to market conditions there has been 
deterioration in the collateral value or (ii) at a minimum every three years for residential property and at least 
annually for commercial immovable property. Should property prices fall after inclusion of a Mortgage Loan 
in the Cover Pool, the part of a mortgage that exceeds the relevant LTV limit is still part of the Cover Pool and 
protects the holders of preferential claims. However, the part of a loan that exceeds the LTV limit is not taken 
into account when calculating the value of the Cover Pool to test for compliance with the statutory 
overcollateralisation requirement of 5 per cent. (for further details see “Overview of the Norwegian Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)”). Similarly, loans that are defined as being in 
default are not taken into account when calculating the value of the Cover Pool to assess the compliance with 
the statutory overcollateralisation requirement. 
5 
Decision, Pricing and Loan Contract 
Depending on, among other things, the characteristics of the customer, the mortgage loan application and the 
collateral, the application is approved according to the Originator’s delegation of powers. 
An internal pricing model is used in the pricing of the Mortgage Loans. The model will take into account a 
number of factors including the nature of the Mortgage Loan being originated (a standard variable rate loan or 
fixed rate loan), the credit history of the borrower and the cost of funding for the Originator. This price may be 
adjusted in order to make it more competitive with other banks in the market.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
Eligibility Criteria 
The Issuer’s credit policy sets out criteria for identifying which Mortgage Loans it can originate or acquire from 
the Originator.  
The Issuer’s eligibility criteria complies with the eligibility requirements set out in the Act and the Regulations, 
in addition to the Issuer’s credit policy. For details of the Act and the Regulations see “Overview of the 
Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)”. 
Purchase of Mortgage Loans 
The Originator chooses Eligible Loans from a database that it wishes to sell to the Issuer. When the Issuer 
approves the transaction, it triggers both the immediate transfer of the Eligible Loans to, and funds from, the 
Issuer. The Issuer is not obliged to purchase any Eligible Loan. 
Each Eligible Loan sold by the Originator to the Issuer is sold by way of a true sale in that, following a sale, 
the credit risk is transferred to the Issuer and the Eligible Loan appears on the Issuer’s balance sheet. Following 
the purchase of an Eligible Loan, a letter of notification is sent to the customer in order to perfect the legal 
transfer. The consent of the customer to the transfer is not required. 
Monitoring of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer monitors the Cover Pool on a daily basis and reports compliance to credit policies and risk limits to 
the CEO on a weekly basis and to the Board on a monthly basis. The Issuer discloses and updates the Cover 
Pool on the web page www.sr-bank.no/sr-boligkreditt every quarter. 
Loan Servicing 
Pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, the Originator provides all mortgage loans servicing 
functions to the Issuer. The Originator needs the Issuer’s consent if it wants to adjust the interest rates of the 
Issuer’s portfolio of Mortgage Loans. 
The Originator maintains deeds and titles to the residential property that comprise the security for the Mortgage 
Loans. The original deeds are scanned and stored by the Originator. 
Payment in Arrears 
Arrears in respect of transferred Mortgage Loans are managed on behalf of the Issuer by the Originator in 
accordance with a standardised procedure that meets the requirements set out under Norwegian law. The arrears 
procedure is in accordance with the Originator’s own procedures. The arrears procedure is generally as follows: 
 
16 days after the payment due date – initial notice sent to the customer. 
 
32 days after the payment due date – a formal notice is sent, in which the customer is warned that if the 
missing instalments are not paid within 16 days of the formal notice, it will be passed on to a debt 
collector. 
 
48 days after the payment due date – notice of debt collection of the instalments are sent to the customer. 
 
64 days after the payment due date – the mortgage is sent to a debt collector, whose fees will be charged 
to the customer. The Issuer takes over the management from the Originator of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan in arrears once such Mortgage Loan progresses into the collection stage.

--- Page 55 ---
47 
The Originator is encouraged, but is not obliged, to repurchase defaulted Mortgage Loans before they are sent 
to the debt collector. 
Penalty interest is charged to borrowers by the Originator for Mortgage Loans in arrears in respect only of the 
amount due and payable. The rate is limited under Norwegian law. Penalty interest may be waived by the 
Originator. 
Pursuant to their origination criteria, the Originator will not originate Mortgage Loans to a customer with an 
adverse credit history (including late payments). Existing customers who have received one or more late 
payment notices will in general not be eligible to receive a further Mortgage Loan without satisfactory 
explanation of the reasons for the late payment or payments. The Issuer is not permitted to allow exemptions to 
its eligibility criteria. 
Foreclosure 
Provided that (i) the borrower has been notified of his/her payment default as provided under the Norwegian 
Financial Contracts Act 2020, (ii) the default has been deemed substantial, usually when two consecutive 
monthly payments have not been made and the Lender has claimed the total mortgage as defaulted, and (iii) if 
the borrower has not remedied the default within 14 days after the notification of the default of the mortgage 
under item (ii) above, a Lender is able to foreclose on a Mortgage Loan by claiming its rights under the mortgage 
document executed by the borrower. Under the Issuer’s foreclosure procedure, this takes place 90 days after the 
original payment due date. 
The Norwegian Enforcement Act provides for an effective and expedient forced sale procedure. A lender may, 
if a Mortgage Loan is accelerated and the borrower fails to pay any due amount, file an application before the 
county court for a forced sale of the property securing the Mortgage Loan. The registered mortgage document 
will itself constitute the basis for such application. There is no need for an additional order by the court to permit 
such a forced sale. The court will, after giving the debtor time to contest the application, decide if the forced 
sale should be carried out. The court will normally appoint a real estate agent to administer the sale in order to 
obtain a reasonable price. However, the court may decide that the forced sale should be carried out through an 
auction if it believes that this will result in an improved sale price. The court may also decide to evict the debtor 
from the premises if the sales procedure is hindered or there is a possible loss of value of the property. 
In the event that the court is asked by the lender to affirm a bid on the property, the court will do so provided 
that such a bid allows full recovery for those creditors with senior priority to the lender (see below) and there 
is no reason to believe that it is possible to obtain a higher bid. The court will then give an order to distribute 
the proceeds of the sale to the creditors that hold security over a property. In general six to nine months from 
the start of the foreclosure process are required to repossess the property and distribute proceeds to the creditors. 
Whilst the foreclosure process is taking place, no other enforcement proceedings may be taken against the 
debtor in respect of that debt. 
Certain claims benefit from a statutory first priority lien on any real property in Norway, typically a claim for 
property tax owed to the local municipality and for certain municipal fees such as refuse collection and disposal, 
annual water and sewage fees and chimney sweep fees. A bankrupt estate of a borrower will have a first priority 
statutory lien over any asset, including real property, pledged by the borrower. This lien is limited to 5 per cent. 
of the value of the relevant asset, subject to a maximum threshold of 700 times the court fee (which at present 
equals NOK 893,900) in respect of each pledged asset. The bankruptcy estate may only apply the funds obtained 
from this statutory first priority lien to discharge the necessary costs relating to the management of the 
bankruptcy estate.

--- Page 56 ---
48 
Under Norwegian law, there is also full recourse to a debtor in Norway, who is personally responsible for any 
uncollected debts notwithstanding foreclosure and sale of the property to satisfy a creditor’s claim. This may 
include a court order to make deductions from the debtor’s salary to cover uncollected debts. 
Reserves for potential Mortgage Loan losses are recorded by the Issuer in accordance with IFRS. 
According to IFRS 9, impairment losses must be recognised based on expected credit losses (ECL). The 
measurement of the provisions for expected losses in the general model depends on whether or not the credit 
risk has increased significantly since initial capitalisation. When the credit risk has not increased significantly 
after initial capitalisation, provisions must be made for 12 months’ expected losses. The 12-month expected 
loss is the loss that is expected to occur over the life of the instrument, but which can be linked to events 
occurring in the first 12 months. If the credit risk has increased substantially after initial capitalisation, 
provisions must be made for expected losses over the entire lifetime. Expected credit losses are calculated based 
on the present value of all cash flows over the remaining life expectancy, i.e. the difference between the 
contractual cash flows under the contract and the cash flow that the bank expects to receive, discounted at the 
effective interest rate of the instrument. 
Other than the sale of security, there are no other general sources of proceeds from foreclosure. Costs associated 
with the foreclosure process (principally legal fees and estate agent fees) reduce the amounts ultimately received 
by creditors since they are not generally recoverable from the debtor.

--- Page 57 ---
49 
OVERVIEW OF THE NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
(OBLIGASJONER MED FORTRINNSRETT)  
The following is a brief overview of certain features of Norwegian law governing the issuance of covered bonds 
in Norway, at the date of this Base Prospectus. The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the issue of covered bonds in Norway 
is set out in Chapter 11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups 
of 10 April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the 
“Act”) which came into legal effect on 1 January 2016 and Chapter 11, Subsection 1 of the Regulations of 9 
December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups (forskrift 9. Desember 2016 nr. 1502 
om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) which came into legal effect on 1 January 2017 
(the “Regulations” and together with the Act, the “Legislation”).  
The new European Union (EU) legislation on covered bonds (being Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the Covered 
Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, implementing certain amendments to Art. 129 of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013) (together, the “EU Covered Bond Reforms”) was implemented in Norway as of 8 July 
2022. The EU Covered Bond Reforms has been implementer into the EEA Agreement as of 12 July 2022. 
Legislation 
Under the Legislation, certain Norwegian credit institutions which meet the general definitions of a “Financial 
Undertaking” (finansforetak) and “Credit Institution” (kredittforetak) contained in the Act, and whose articles 
of association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements may issue covered bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett). The Act defines Credit Institutions as non-banking Financial Undertakings who receive repayable 
funds other than deposits from the public and grant commercial credits and guarantees in its own account. Credit 
Institutions must hold a licence issued by the Ministry of Finance (or pursuant to delegation, the FSAN) in order 
to conduct business as a Credit Institution and are required to obtain permission from the FSAN to issue covered 
bonds under specific covered bond programmes. Furthermore, Credit Institutions must notify the FSAN no less 
than 30 days in advance of (i) their first (inaugural) issuance of covered bonds and (ii) their first issuance of 
covered bonds under a new covered bond programme. 
The Issuer is a “kredittforetak” (as defined by the Act), and has (i) received the required Credit Institution 
licence (ii) has adapted its articles of association to meet the mandatory requirements and (iii) obtained approval 
from the FSAN of its covered bond programme under which it may issue covered bonds eligible for the label 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)” (in Norwegian: “obligasjon med fortrinnsrett (premium)”), and 
consequently the Issuer may issue such covered bonds. 
The Legislation provides that holders of covered bonds (and also counterparties under derivatives agreements 
entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of 
claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves and the counterparties under derivative agreements relating to 
the covered bonds, against a pool of certain security assets (the “Cover Pool”).  
Under Norwegian law, an issuer of bonds in Norway, such as an issuer of covered bonds, must register the 
bonds in dematerialised book entry form by registration in Euronext VPS or another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register such bonds 
pursuant to the CSD Act/CSDR. However, that registration requirement does not apply if such bonds are either 
(i) denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian residents only, or (ii) 
denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway.

--- Page 58 ---
50 
The Register 
The Credit Institution must maintain a register (the “Register”) of the issued covered bonds, the related 
derivative agreements and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and derivative agreements. In 
accordance with the Legislation, a Credit Institution may establish a separate Register for the issue of covered 
bonds relating to a different Cover Pool. If there is more than one Cover Pool, the Credit Institution must 
identify which Cover Pool a covered bondholder will hold a preferential claim against. Where a Credit 
Institution has made two or more issues of covered bonds which have a preferential claim against different 
Cover Pools, substitution assets shall be held in separate accounts for each Cover Pool. 
Each Register relating to a Cover Pool must at all times contain detailed information on, amongst other things, 
the nominal value of the covered bonds, the assets included in the Cover Pool, and the covered bonds and 
derivative agreements associated with the Cover Pool. Consequently, each Register must be updated on a 
regular basis to include any changes in relevant information. Registration of such information is not in itself 
conclusive evidence of the contents of the Cover Pool pertaining to the covered bonds, but shall, according to 
statements in the preparatory works to the Norwegian covered bonds legislation, serve as strong evidence. 
Benefit of a prioritised claim 
Pursuant to the Act, if a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration 
or is liquidated, the holders of covered bonds issued by the Credit Institution and the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements entered into by the Credit Institution falling within the scope of the Act will have an 
exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised claim against the Cover Pool. The prioritised claims will rank ahead 
of all other claims, save for claims relating to the fees and expenses of the administration board. According to 
the provisions of section 6-4 of the Norwegian Liens Act of 1980 and section 11-15 of the Act, a future 
administration board of the Credit Institution will have a first priority lien over all of the assets included in the 
Cover Pool, as security for fees and expenses incurred by the administration board in connection with the 
administration of the Credit Institution. Such statutory lien will rank ahead of the claims of holders of covered 
bonds and of the counterparties to the relevant derivative agreements, but will, however, be limited to 700 times 
the standard Norwegian court fee (which at present equals NOK 893,900) in respect of each Cover Pool. 
Payment of expenses for operation, management, recovery and realisation of the Cover Pool may also be 
demanded before the covered bondholders and counterparties to the relevant derivative agreements receive 
payment from the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act, claims of the holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties 
to the relevant derivative agreements against a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds will rank 
ahead of claims of all other creditors of the Credit Institution with respect to the Cover Pool (save for the priority 
described above granted to an administration board in respect of fees and expenses). 
Pursuant to the Act, loans and receivables included in the Cover Pool may not be assigned, pledged, or made 
subject to any set-off, attachment, execution or other enforcement proceedings. However, an exemption 
regarding the prohibition against set-off has been made in relation to derivative agreements, as further described 
in the Regulations. 
Cover Pool - composition of assets 
Pursuant to the Legislation, the Cover Pool for covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)” (such as the Notes) may only consist of certain assets which fulfil the requirements set forth in 
Article 129 of the CRR, which includes various types of mortgages (the “Mortgages”), loans granted to or

--- Page 59 ---
51 
guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (“Governmental Loans”), receivables in the form of certain 
derivative agreements and substitution assets. 
The Mortgages may include residential mortgages or mortgages over other title documents relating to 
residences (“Residential Mortgages”) as well as mortgages over other real properties (“Other Property 
Mortgages”). The real property and the registered assets which serve as security for the loans included in the 
Cover Pool must be located in a member state of the EEA, unless the assets fulfil certain requirements set out 
in the Regulations. 
Government Loans must be either guaranteed or issued by governmental bodies which must meet certain 
requirements under Article 129 of the CRR. 
The main portion of the Cover Pool shall be represented by a certain category of primary cover assets (“Primary 
Asset”), that is, the Cover Pool shall primarily consist of one certain category of receivables deemed as eligible 
for inclusion in the Cover Pool. Substitution assets shall consist of (i) the cover pool liquidity buffer and (ii) 
other assets eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool which are not Primary Assets or eligible derivatives 
contracts. 
Loan to value ratios 
Pursuant to Article 129 of the CRR (as implemented in Norway through the Regulations), when calculating the 
value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by Mortgages, the following loan to value 
requirements apply: 
1. 
Loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall not exceed 80 per cent. of the value of the property, 
however, for mortgages over vacation properties the loan shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of 
the relevant vacation property; and 
2. 
Loans secured by Other Property Mortgages shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the property.  
Should a loan secured by Mortgages exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the 
permitted limit may be included in the calculation of the value of the Cover Pool, and consequently, the portion 
exceeding the relevant ratio may not count towards the 5 per cent. overcollateralisation requirement.  
If the value of a mortgaged property declines significantly after the loan secured by Mortgages has been 
included in the Cover Pool, this could result in (greater) parts of the relevant loan exceeding the applicable loan- 
to-value threshold, in which case a lower amount of the loan than at the time of its inclusion in the Cover Pool 
would be able to count towards the 5 per cent. overcollateralisation requirement. 
Overcollateralisation and Valuations 
Pursuant to the Act, the Issuer is required to ensure that the value of the assets in the Cover Pool shall at all 
times exceed the value of the covered bonds with preferential claims against the Cover Pool (derivative 
contracts taken into account) (“Overcollateralisation”). A higher level of Overcollateralisation may be set 
through regulations passed by the Ministry of Finance under the Act. Pursuant to the Regulations, the Issuer is 
currently required to ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 5 per cent. at all times.  
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by Mortgages is required to 
be made on a prudent basis, and such prudent value may not exceed the market value of each individual asset. 
The estimation of the value is required to be made by a competent and independent person (i.e. a person without 
involvement in the credit granting process) and be documented, and such documentation is required to include 
information on who performed the calculation and the principles on which the calculation was based. The value

--- Page 60 ---
52 
of residential real property may, however, be based on generally applicable price levels, when this is considered 
justifiable based on the market situation. Defaulted loans shall be disregarded for purposes of the valuation, and 
loans provided to one single customer or secured by the same real estate property shall never count in excess 
of 5 per cent. of the aggregate balance of a cover pool.  
The value of derivative agreements and substitution assets included in the Cover Pool shall be set by calculating 
the prudent market value of such assets as further detailed in the Legislation.  
In order to ensure compliance with the aforementioned overcollateralisation requirement, each Credit Institution 
issuing covered bonds is required to establish systems for continued control of the development of the value of 
the Cover Pool assets, and to monitor the development of the relevant market situations. If developments in the 
market situation or in the situation pertaining to an individual asset so warrants, the Credit Institution is required 
to ensure that a renewed calculation of the value is performed. 
Liquidity requirements 
The Act requires the Credit Institution to ensure that the cash flow from the Cover Pool at all times is sufficient 
to enable the Credit Institution to discharge its payment obligations towards the holders of covered bonds and 
counterparties under relevant derivative agreements and projected costs related to operating and winding-up of 
the covered bond programme. The Credit Institution must also hold a cover pool liquidity buffer which shall 
cover the net outflows over the next 180 days under the relevant covered bond programme. Calculation of the 
liquidity buffer requirement for covered bonds with terms allowing for maturity extensions may be based on 
the extended maturity date. 
Furthermore, the Credit Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net liquidity 
outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (LCR Regulation). 
The liquidity buffer requirements set forth in the Act and the LCR Regulation are co-ordinated to avoid covered 
bond issuers being required to hold duplicate liquidity buffers, as assets included in the cover pool liquidity 
buffer may be counted towards the LCR Regulation liquidity requirement. 
Cover Pool Monitor 
An independent auditor dedicated to monitor the Cover Pool (“Cover Pool Monitor”) shall be appointed by the 
Credit Institution issuing covered bonds, and the Credit Institution shall notify the FSAN of who it has 
appointed. The Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, among other things, the Register and shall, at least 
every three months, review compliance with the Legislation’s provisions relating to the Register, such as 
requirements related to (i) the composition of the Cover Pool, (ii) Overcollateralisation, (iii) liquidity, (iv) 
registration of information in the Register and (v) investor information.  
The Credit Institution is required to give the Cover Pool Monitor all relevant information pertaining to its 
business. The Cover Pool Monitor must be granted access to the Register, and may also request additional 
information. The Cover Pool Monitor shall determine if the requirements of the Act are complied with. 
Furthermore, the Cover Pool Monitor shall report its observations and assessments to the FSAN on an annual 
basis. If the Cover Pool Monitor has reason to believe that the requirements of the Legislation are not met, the 
Cover Pool Monitor shall inform the FSAN. 
Pursuant to the Regulations, a Credit Institution’s external auditor cannot act as Cover Pool Monitor. The FSAN 
has interpreted this prohibitions so that it applies to the audit firm as such, not only a Credit Institution’s specific 
auditor.

--- Page 61 ---
53 
Cover Pool administration in the event of public administration and winding-up of the Issuer 
Credit Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may be subject to bail-in tools or be liquidated under 
public administration if the conditions for resolution are otherwise met but the Ministry of Finance does not 
consider that resolution would be in the public interest. Public administration entails that the institution’s former 
governing bodies are replaced by an administration board (the “Board”) which assumes control over the 
institution. The Board’s main task will be to liquidate the institution and distribute its assets to the creditors. 
Public administration of a Credit Institution does not in itself give the right to accelerate claims. 
If a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration pursuant to the Act, 
and the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, the Board shall ensure that, to the 
extent possible, the holders of covered bonds and counterparties to relevant derivative agreements receive 
timely payment of their respective claims, such payments being made from the Cover Pool for the duration of 
the administration of the Credit Institution. 
If the Board is unable to make timely payments to the covered bondholders or the counterparties to relevant 
derivative agreements, the Board must set a date for a halt to payments, and inform interested parties of this as 
soon as possible. If a halt to payments is initiated, the further administration of the Credit Institution will be 
conducted in accordance with general Norwegian bankruptcy legislation. The covered bondholders and 
counterparties to relevant derivative agreements will in such event continue to have a prioritised claim against 
the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the covered bondholders and counterparties to related derivative 
agreements will remain valid claims against the issuer but will rank pari passu with other unsecured and 
unsubordinated creditors of the issuer. 
Maturity Extensions 
Pursuant to the Legislation, a Credit Institution is permitted to include conditions in the terms of a covered bond 
stating that repayment can be postponed in certain circumstances. An issuer will only be allowed to extend the 
maturity of covered bonds, if it has received approval from the FSAN to extend the maturity of the covered 
bonds as a result of (i) either (A) there is, in the opinion of the FSAN, both (1) reason to assume that the issuer 
will be placed under resolution in the near future and (2) no reasonable prospect that any other action would 
prevent the issuer from failing or (B) the Ministry of Finance having resolved to place the issuer under resolution 
or public administration proceedings and (ii) there is, in the opinion of the FSAN, a reasonable prospect that 
the issuer’s obligations will be met within 12 months, provided that in each case such maturity extension may 
only be granted if the maturity extension does not affect the order of priority of the covered bond investors.

--- Page 62 ---
54 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached, 
or registered form, without interest coupons or talons attached, or in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book 
entry form. 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note without interest 
coupons or talons attached (a “Temporary Global Note”) which will: 
(i) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “applicable Final Terms”), be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the 
“Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing 
system. 
Bearer Notes will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Bearer Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Bearer Global Note will be the aggregate from time to time entered in the records of both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
expression in such Bearer Global Note means the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of each such customer’s interest in the Notes) will be 
conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note and, for such 
purposes, a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, stating that the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Bearer Global Note at any time will be conclusive evidence of 
the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg at that time, as the case may be. 
Upon delivery of a Temporary Bearer Global Note, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other agreed clearing system will credit purchasers with nominal amounts of Notes of the relevant Tranche 
equal to the nominal amounts thereof for which they have paid. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not in NGN form) 
only outside the United States and its possessions to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not United States persons or persons 
who have purchased for resale to any United States person, as required by United States Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”). 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for

--- Page 63 ---
55 
(a) interests in a permanent global note without interest coupons or talons attached (a “Permanent Global Note” 
and, together with the Temporary Global Notes, the “Bearer Global Notes” and each a “Bearer Global Note”) 
of the same Series or (b) definitive notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of Bearer Definitive Notes, to such 
notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on 
or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note or for Bearer Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form), without any 
requirement for certification. 
The Permanent Global Note is exchangeable (free of charge), in whole, for Bearer Definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
Exchange Event: means that (i) in the case of Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary or in the name of nominee for common safekeeper, as the case 
may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor or alternative clearing system is available or (ii) in the case of both Bearer 
Global Notes and Registered Global Notes, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders of each Series in accordance with Condition 12 of the Ordinary Note 
Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global 
Note) or the Issuer may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent or Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Bearer Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than one year and on all talons and interest coupons relating to such Permanent Global 
Notes and Bearer Definitive Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to above generally provide that United States persons (as defined for U.S. federal tax 
purposes), with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, talons or interest 
coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or 
payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes, talons or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of Note issued by the Issuer and vice versa.

--- Page 64 ---
56 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
“Registered Global Note”). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, where stated in the applicable Final 
Terms to be held under the NSS, with a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Registered Notes will be registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or, where stated in the applicable Final Terms to be held under the NSS, in the name 
of a nominee of the common safekeeper. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will 
be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery 
of Definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date 
(as defined in Condition 4(d)) of the Ordinary Note Conditions as the registered holder of the Registered Global 
Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in 
the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 4(d)) of the Ordinary Note Conditions immediately preceding the due date for 
payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Registered Definitive Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in the paragraph relating to Exchange Event above. 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to 
the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of such VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
VPS Agent (the “VPS Letter”), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form 
of a Final Terms supplement attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant 
Final Terms to Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details 
by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Agent will credit each subscribing VPS account holder with a nominal amount 
of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two Oslo 
Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will 
only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of Note issued by the Issuer and vice versa.

--- Page 65 ---
57 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Ordinary Note Conditions”), the Principal Paying Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which 
are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of 
such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which case (if the Notes are intended to be listed) a new Base Prospectus will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Issuer will notify the ICSDs and the Paying Agents upon issue whether the Notes are intended, or are not 
intended, to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper (and in the case of registered Notes to be held under the NSS, registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Where the Notes are not intended to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper upon issuance, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such as that the Notes are capable of meeting such criteria, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Where the Notes are so deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper (and in the case of registered Notes, registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as a common safekeeper) upon issuance or otherwise, this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at issuance or at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 66 ---
58 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme will be substantially in the 
following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, 
(a) a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended or superseded (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation; and (b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, (a) a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and (b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309(B) of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes 
are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment

--- Page 67 ---
59 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale and Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is constituted by eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II, as amended or superseded; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/’] target market assessment. However, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018] [EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
SR-Boligkreditt AS 
LEI: 5493005EFLOPQ4K0ZF42 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Ordinary Note Conditions] 
[VPS Conditions] set forth in the prospectus dated 5 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the prospectus dated 
[●] [and [●]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and 
 
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309(B) 
of the SFA prior to launch of the offer.

--- Page 68 ---
60 
copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in 
the case of Notes listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Ordinary Note Conditions] 
[VPS Conditions] set forth in the prospectus dated [7 July 2023][27 June 2022][10 June 2021][10 June 2020][13 
June 2019][4 May 2018][7 July 2017][18 May 2016] and incorporated by reference into the prospectus dated 
5 July 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Regulation 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated 
5 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] [and [●]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. The Base Prospectus and (in the case of Notes listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
 
1 
Series Number 
[●] 
2
(i) 
[Tranche Number 
[●]] 
(ii) [Series with which Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) [Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the Series 
specified above: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date /issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [●] 
/[the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note for interest in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below [which, is expected to occur 
on or about [date]]] 
[Not Applicable]] 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●]per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●] (if applicable)] 
6
(a) Specified Denominations: 
[●] [[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000] (or equivalent in another 
currency). No notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000] (or equivalent in another 
currency)] 
[N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency)]

--- Page 69 ---
61 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●] 
9
a) Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity: 
b) Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable, 12 months after the Maturity Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
10
Interest Basis: 
[[●]per cent. Fixed Rate]/ 
[[Specify particular reference rate] +/- [●]% per annum Floating 
Rate] 
11
Redemption/Payment Basis 
[Redemption at par]/[Redemption at [●]% of the nominal 
amount] 
12
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date, up to (but excluding) [Maturity Date] paragraph [15] [16] 
applies and for the period from (and including)[Maturity Date] 
to (but excluding) the [Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date], 
paragraph [16] [15] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
13
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
14
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
item 15) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●]% per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year from (and including) [●] up to and including the 
[Maturity Date] / [Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out below 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/ [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
16
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
item 16)

--- Page 70 ---
62 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below /, not subject to adjustment as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment Date 
with respect to the last Interest Period will be the Maturity Date 
or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes before the Maturity 
Date, the date fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay 
only)]1/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Not 
Applicable] [For Payment Delay, always specify a Business Day 
Convention] 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(v) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount: 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert the following only if Index Determination is not applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate: [●] month [EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/ 
[SOFR]/[SONIA][STIBOR]/[€STR] 
  
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day of 
each Interest Period]/[First day of each Interest Period]/[The 
[first, second, third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for each Interest Period (or 
immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable).][provide details]/[The Interest 
Payment Date at the end of each Interest Period; provided that 
the Interest Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption 
will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include this wording for Payment 
Delay only]2 
 
1 
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent.  
2 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the 
prior agreement of the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York Federal 
Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
 
 
Specified Time 
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[Not applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Brussels]/[Oslo]/[Stockholm]/[Not applicable] 
 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[[●] Business Days]/[Not Applicable]3 
 
D: 
[365/360/[Not Applicable]] 
 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable - used for 
Payment Delay only]4/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert the following only if Index Determination is applicable] 
 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)] 
 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions]5 
 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(vii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●]% per annum 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum][Not Applicable] 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual [(ISDA)]]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
 
3 
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination 
Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, 
select "Not Applicable". 
4 
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Fiscal Agent. 
5 
This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where Compounded Daily 
SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 72 ---
64 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
item 17) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
18
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
item 18) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
19
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note payable on redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable on or after the 
Exchange Date for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Bearer Definitive Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event]]/ 
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
Safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]]

--- Page 73 ---
65 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form] 
(ii) New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
23
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons 
may be required if on exchange into definitive form, more than 
27 coupon payments are still to be made]/[No.] 
24
[[VPS Notes: Governing Law] 
[English law / Norwegian law]] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised]6 
 
 
 
 
6 
Two signatories are required for issues of N Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
66 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing 
[Luxembourg/other (specify)] 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][●] with effect from [●].  
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated [●] by Moody’s’ 
Moody's is not established in European Union [but the rating 
issued by Moody’s is endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, 
which is established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). As such Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is included 
in the list of credit agencies published by the European securities 
and 
Markets Authority 
(ESMA) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.]  
[Description of rating to be inserted where the Covered Bonds 
are not rated Aaa] 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking and/or commercial transactions with 
and may perform other services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
4
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●][N/A] 
5
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) [FISN: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(iv) [CFI Code: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]  
(v) Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
[[●] (include name and address of clearing system)] / [Not 
Applicable]/[Euronext VPS (organisation no. [●])].

--- Page 75 ---
67 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[ and registered in the name of a 
nominee of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper][include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper][include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
6
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(a) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(b) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) If not syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) Additional Selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute

--- Page 76 ---
68 
“packaged” products and no Key Information Document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no Key Information Document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
7
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
Reason for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] / [Green Notes: an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue of the Green Notes will be allocated 
to fund Eligible Green Loans ([set out any further information 
here]). See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus and the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and related information 
referred to therein.] 
8
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 77 ---
69 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ORDINARY NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes (the “Ordinary Note Conditions”) which 
will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon 
or attached thereto such Ordinary Note Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the 
content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered Bonds (Premium)” (in Norwegian: 
europeisk obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett (premium)) issued by SR-Boligkreditt AS (the “Issuer”) in accordance 
with Chapter 11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 
April 2015 No 17 (l69verc. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the 
“Act”) and Chapter 11 of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and 
Financial Groups (forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the “Regulations”). This Ordinary Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of 
Notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Ordinary Notes” or the “Notes” shall be references to the Ordinary Notes of this 
Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Ordinary Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of the lowest 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms (“Specified Denomination”) in the currency specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (“Specified Currency”); 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Definitive Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Definitive Notes”) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Ordinary Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 5 July 2024 and made between, among others, the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Citibank Europe PLC as registrar 
(the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any additional or successor registrar), and Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as transfer agent (the “Transfer Agent”, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agent). 
Interest bearing Bearer Definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which 
when issued in definitive form have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Bearer Global Notes do 
not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
The Final Terms for this Ordinary Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Ordinary Note which complete these Ordinary Note Conditions and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these 
Ordinary Note Conditions, replace or modify these Ordinary Note Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
which are attached to or endorsed on this Ordinary Note. 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded).  
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Ordinary Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Ordinary Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the 
Ordinary Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Ordinary Notes represented by a Global Note, be 
construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Couponholder” shall mean the holders of the Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Ordinary Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such 
Deed of Covenant, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) 
dated 2 June 2015 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the other Paying Agents and 
the Transfer Agent (together referred to as the “Agents”). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the specified registered office of each of the Issuer and of the Principal Paying Agent save that, if 
this Ordinary Note is not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by an Ordinary Noteholder holding 
one or more such Ordinary Notes and such Ordinary Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Ordinary Notes and identity. The Ordinary 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in these Ordinary Note Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Ordinary Note Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Ordinary Notes are in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or registered form (“Registered Notes”), and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). 
Ordinary Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Ordinary Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 79 ---
71 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or any other form of note issued by the Issuer, and 
vice versa. 
This Ordinary Note may be a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Ordinary Note may be a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for Bearer Definitive Notes with, where applicable interest coupons and talons attached 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. A Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Registered Definitive Notes without interest coupons or talons attached 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
Exchange Event: means that (i) in the case of Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary or in the name of a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available or (ii) in the case of both Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global 
Notes, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
of each Series of Bearer Global Notes in accordance with Condition 12 below if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the Issuer may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Bearer Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached. Bearer Definitive Notes will also be issued with 
Talons attached, if applicable and specified in the Final Terms, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered 
Notes upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Ordinary Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Ordinary Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, and any other 
Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Ordinary Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Ordinary Notes, for which

--- Page 80 ---
72 
purpose, in the case of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global 
Note or, in the case of a Registered Global Note, the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Bearer Global Note 
or Registered Global Note, as the case may be, and the expressions Noteholders and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note or a 
Registered Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, except in 
relation to Notes in NGN form (as defined in Condition 4(c)), be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
Status of the Ordinary Notes and Overcollateralisation 
(a) 
Status of the Ordinary Notes 
The Ordinary Notes of each Tranche constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu with (i) all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that 
have been provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool as covered bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations and (ii) the rights of 
providers of Covered Bond Swaps. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation  
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act and the 
Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register with respect to the Notes 
shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
(including any Ordinary Notes then outstanding) and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer 
(taking into account the effect of derivative contracts), provided that to the extent a higher level of 
minimum overcollateralisation is required by any applicable legislation from time to time, such level of 
overcollateralisation shall be the minimum level required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 2(b) (“Overcollateralisation”). In addition, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) decide to 
provide a higher level of Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool (an Alternative Overcollateralisation 
Percentage), provided that for so long as Moody’s has assigned a credit rating to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall not at any time reduce the then applicable Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage unless, after 
having given Moody’s not less than five Business Days’ written notice of such reduction, it reasonably 
believes that such reduction would not in and of itself result in any current credit rating then assigned to 
the Notes by Moody’s being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch. 
There is no obligation for the Issuer to maintain any particular rating in respect of the Ordinary Notes 
throughout the term of the Notes or select an Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage to maintain a 
rating. In particular, if an Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage has been selected and confirmed 
in accordance with this Condition 2(b), and at a later date any of the credit ratings assigned to the Notes 
are reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch, the Issuer shall not be obliged to select a 
higher Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, recourse to the Cover Pool, and any additional overcollateralisation in the 
Cover Pool, is available for all holders of covered bonds issued by the Issuer and any relevant swap 
counterparties.

--- Page 81 ---
73 
3 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to 
the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Ordinary Note Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub- unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these Ordinary Note Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Ordinary Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Ordinary Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360;

--- Page 82 ---
74 
Determination Period: means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit: means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls within the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, within the specified period after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Ordinary Note Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 83 ---
75 
In these Ordinary Note Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the place of presentation, any Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, any day on which T2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro (as defined below).  
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and 
subject to Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 84 ---
76 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
a. 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), 3(e) (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event), and Condition 3(b)(iv) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes – Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) 
and subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), 3(e) (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event), and Condition 3(b)(iv) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes – Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) 
be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
b. 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation) if, in respect of 
any Business Day, the Principal Paying Agent determines that the Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be: 
(A) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
5.00p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over 
the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 85 ---
77 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 3(d) 
(Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any 
rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Principal Paying Agent shall, in 
accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent 
practicable, and to the extent such guidance does not increase the obligations or 
duties of the Principal Paying Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for the 
purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. 
c. 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), if, in respect of 
any Business Day, the Principal Paying Agent determines that the Reference Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the 
SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page ("r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
d. 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in respect of 
any Business Day, the Principal Paying Agent determines that the Reference Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the 
€STR for the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
e. 
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Principal Paying Agent, subject to 
Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation) or 3(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) as the case may be, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period 
is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
f. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes - 
Rate of Interest - Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR): 
If "Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an

--- Page 86 ---
78 
Interest Payment Date shall be read as references to interest on the Notes being 
payable on the corresponding Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Observation Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where 
"SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date 
on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; and (iii) where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Calculation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
         [∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period; 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the website of the European Central Bank, being as at the date of the 
Agency Agreement at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each 
case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;

--- Page 87 ---
79 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following Business Day; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York as at the date of the Agency Agreement at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York; 
"Observation Method" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified five Business Days); 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, zero; 
(C) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five Business Days); 
"r" means: 
(A) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in 
respect of such Business Day; 
(B) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect 
of such Business Day;

--- Page 88 ---
80 
(C) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(D) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being 
a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); 
(E) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date);  
(F) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
€STR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); 
(G) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business 
Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in 
respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate 
Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date;

--- Page 89 ---
81 
(H) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of 
each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(I) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" 
above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 
p.m. (New York City Time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in

--- Page 90 ---
82 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however 
that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lockout 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out 
Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference 
Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(iii) 
Index Determination:  
If Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference 
rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula and to 
the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin: 
                                                    ( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 91 ---
83 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be five in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of 
SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index 
Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the administrator, the Principal Paying 
Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Rate of Interest – Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) as if Index Determination was not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference 
Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the 
case of Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) 
the Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be 
deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be 
determined by the Issuer. If (X) a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 3(d) (Interest – Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of this Condition 3(b)(iii) and (Y) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of 
Condition 3(e) (Interest – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of this Condition 3(b)(iii). 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 92 ---
84 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
on the Floating Rate in Notes respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Day Count Fraction: means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non- leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 93 ---
85 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30.

--- Page 94 ---
86 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity: means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3, whether by 
the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Ordinary Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Ordinary 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Ordinary Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of an Ordinary Note, that part only of 
such Ordinary Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Ordinary Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such Ordinary 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 below. 
(d) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 3(b), where the Original Reference Rate applicable 
to the Notes is not SOFR, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iv)).

--- Page 95 ---
87 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(i) and the Issuer shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Registrar, the Calculation 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, or the Noteholders, as applicable, for any determination made 
by the Issuer and/or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(i). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(i) 
prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 3(d)(i). 
(ii) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
3(d)). 
(iii) Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper

--- Page 96 ---
88 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 3(d)(iv), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 3(d)(iv) to which, in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3(d) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12, notice shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any, and 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(d), if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3(d), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, 
willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation 
or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3(d)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) Definitions 
As used in this Condition 3(d):

--- Page 97 ---
89 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser determines, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate; 
(iv) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(v) 
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining Rates of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(d)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1)  
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2)  
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or

--- Page 98 ---
90 
(4)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(5)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or 
will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or  
(6) 
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(2) and (3) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of 
the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case 
may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect 
from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified 
in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
3(d)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 99 ---
91 
(e) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the Original Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is SOFR, notwithstanding the provisions 
above in Condition 3(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and 3(d) (Benchmark discontinuation), as 
applicable, this Condition 3(e) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3(e), including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. No Paying 
Agent will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee 
in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall any Paying Agent be responsible for determining if a Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to any alternative 
benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination dates or any 
other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark. In 
connection with the foregoing, a Paying Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any 
determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at 
the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 3(e), no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that such 
Benchmark Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be expected to prejudice, after the 
application of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes and the further decisions and determinations as described below.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period or 
Reset Period, as applicable, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that immediately 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable), or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the

--- Page 100 ---
92 
Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding Reset 
Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially

--- Page 101 ---
93 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer or its designee determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for 
the Notes in writing;

--- Page 102 ---
94 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
4 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
In the case of Bearer Notes, payments in U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar account 
maintained by the payee with a bank outside of the United States (which expression, as used in this 
Condition 6 below, means the United States of America, including the State and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction), or by cheque drawn on a United 
States bank. All payments in respect of Bearer Notes will be made to accounts located outside the United 
States, or by cheque mailed to an address outside of the United States, except as may be permitted by 
United States tax law in effect at the time of such payment without detriment to the Issuer. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 below. Reference to specified 
currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Definitive Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Bearer Definitive Notes, and payments

--- Page 103 ---
95 
of interest in respect of Bearer Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 17 below) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7 below) or, if later, 
five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any interest-bearing Definitive Notes is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant Bearer Definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Ordinary Notes represented by any Bearer Global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Bearer 
Definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States. On the occasion of each payment, (i) in the case of any Global Note 
which is not issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, a record of such payment made on such Global 
Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on 
such Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made and (ii) in the case of any Global Note which is a NGN, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their 
records to reflect such payment.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will 
be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Registered Notes held by a holder 
is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will 
instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). 
For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated 
Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located 
immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of the business day (in the ICSDs) prior to the 
Payment Date (the “Record Date”) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his 
risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business 
days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment 
of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate 
to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and of principal in respect of 
the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such 
time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest and 
principal due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as 
payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition 4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions 
or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Ordinary 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount

--- Page 105 ---
97 
of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Ordinary Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following 
Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. For 
these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 7 below) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Ordinary Notes in Definitive Form, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer. 
(g) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Ordinary Note Conditions to principal in respect of the Ordinary Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Ordinary Notes;  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Ordinary Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Ordinary Notes; and

--- Page 106 ---
98 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Ordinary Notes. 
5 
Redemption and Purchase  
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Ordinary Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least equal to the Nominal 
Amount of each Note) specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
If a Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of 
Ordinary Notes and the Issuer has both (i) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date specified in the Final Terms and (ii) has obtained a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, then 
(subject as provided below) the maturity of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be automatically 
deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing all or 
part of the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by 
the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the rating agencies, any relevant Swap Provider and the Principal Paying 
Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four business days in London prior to 
the Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
a Series of Ordinary Notes on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties shall 
not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party under 
the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Ordinary Notes provides that such Ordinary 
Notes are subject to a Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment.  
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 below; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, and to the Note Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Ordinary Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a 
partial redemption of Ordinary Notes, the Ordinary Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Ordinary Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than

--- Page 107 ---
99 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
“Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Ordinary Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Ordinary Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if the Ordinary Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date, (if the Ordinary Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Ordinary 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Ordinary Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any authority 
therein having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Ordinary Notes; and  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Ordinary Notes then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agents to make available to the Ordinary Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.  
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Ordinary Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon any Ordinary Noteholder giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 below not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Ordinary Note the holder of this Ordinary Note must 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or any Transfer Agent 
or the Registrar in the case of Registered Notes at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent or the Transfer Agent or the Registrar falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly

--- Page 108 ---
100 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition. If this Ordinary Note is in definitive form, this 
Ordinary Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or the Registrar concerned 
that this Ordinary Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Ordinary Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (d) and (c) above, each Ordinary Note will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of an Ordinary Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the 
first Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Ordinary Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or 
greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the amount specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at its nominal amount. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, any Subsidiary of the Issuer or SR-Bank may at any time purchase Ordinary Notes (provided 
that, in the case of Bearer Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Ordinary Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Ordinary Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of Bearer 
Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the 
time of redemption). All Ordinary Notes so cancelled and any Ordinary Notes purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to paragraph (e) above (together with, in the case of Bearer Definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
6 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Ordinary Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Ordinary Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Ordinary Note or 
Coupon:  
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Ordinary Note or Coupon by reason of his

--- Page 109 ---
101 
having some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of the Ordinary Note 
or Coupon or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day. 
As used in these Ordinary Note Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Ordinary Note or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if 
earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Ordinary Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Ordinary Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Ordinary Note 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of the terms and conditions of the Notes, any amounts to be paid by or on 
behalf of the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), as amended, any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of 
the Code, or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding Tax”). None of the Issuer or any other person will be required to pay additional amounts on account 
of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
7 
Prescription 
The Ordinary Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless presented for 
payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 17 below) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 7 or Condition 4(b) above or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 4(b) above. 
8 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Ordinary Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in London (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Ordinary Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
9 
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Registered Definitive Notes or for a beneficial

--- Page 110 ---
102 
interest in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Definitive 
Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the 
Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised 
in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency 
Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office 
to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Definitive Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of 
a Registered Definitive Note, a new Registered Definitive Note in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent by uninsured mail to the address specified by the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Ordinary Notes under Condition 5 above, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders of Registered Notes will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
10 Paying Agents, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent and Registrar 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agents, and 
initial Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or additional or other 
Registrars, Transfer Agent, or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, or Calculation Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Ordinary Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent), in the 
case of Bearer Notes, and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), in the case of Registered Notes, 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) with a specified 
office in a city in continental Europe outside Norway; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved by the Issuer; 
and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom and, so long as 
the Ordinary Notes are listed on any stock exchange, in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 4(e) above. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 below. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Ordinary Noteholders or Couponholders. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become 
the successor paying agent. 
11 Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7 above. 
12 Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the Ordinary Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). It is expected that such publication will be made 
in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange 
(or any other relevant authority) on which any Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication

--- Page 112 ---
104 
or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, 
in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Ordinary Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) and such notice by mail in connection with the Registered Notes the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Ordinary Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant 
authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of such Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Ordinary Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Ordinary Note in definitive form) with the relevant Ordinary Note or Ordinary Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any of the Ordinary Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of an 
Ordinary Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13 Meetings of Ordinary Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Provisions with respect to Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Ordinary Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Ordinary Noteholders holding not less than five per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum 
at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Ordinary 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes so held or represented, except that at 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Ordinary Notes, 
or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Ordinary Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect 
of the Ordinary Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Ordinary Notes or the Coupons), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount 
of the Ordinary Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Ordinary Notes for the 
time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Ordinary Noteholders

--- Page 113 ---
105 
shall be binding on all the Ordinary Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on 
all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Modification 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Ordinary Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, the Agency 
Agreement or the Deed of Covenant which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Ordinary Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Ordinary Notes, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of 
Covenant which is: 
(A) 
of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
(B) 
is made to correct a manifest or proven error; or 
(C) 
is made to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Ordinary Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Ordinary Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 above 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
14 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Ordinary Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Ordinary Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Ordinary Notes. 
15 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Ordinary Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
16 Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Ordinary Notes and the Coupons and any non- 
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Ordinary Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law, save as to Condition 2(a) above which is governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with Norwegian law.  
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction  
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, Ordinary Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, that the courts of England and Wales are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Ordinary Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Ordinary Notes and/or

--- Page 114 ---
106 
the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Ordinary Notes 
and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Ordinary Notes and the 
Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced 
in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 16 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent in England 
The Issuer appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process in England, and undertakes that, in 
the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
17 Definitions 
In these Ordinary Note Conditions, the following words shall have the following meanings: 
“Calculation Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to calculate Fixed Coupon Amount(s), Broken Amount(s), the relevant Final Redemption Amount and 
the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as applicable). 
“Cover Pool” means all the Issuer’s assets and liabilities that from time to time form part of a Cover Pool 
created in accordance with and subject to Section 11-8 of the Act and Section 11-4 of the Regulations; 
“Currency Swap” means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising from (a) 
Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than loans) which are registered to 
the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
“Currency Swap Agreement” means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from time to time between 
the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
“Currency Swap Provider” means any third party counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under 
a Currency Swap Agreement; 
“€STR” means the daily euro short-term rate; 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance with 
rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty; 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate;

--- Page 115 ---
107 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty; 
“Interest Rate Swap” means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge the 
Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been hedged by a 
Currency Swap; 
“Interest Rate Swap Agreement” means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into from time to 
time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
“Interest Rate Swap Provider” means any third party counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider 
under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (or its successor); 
“NIBOR” means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate administered by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and 
calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS) acting as calculation agent (or any other person 
which takes over the administration and/or calculation of that rate) for the relevant period (before any 
correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator); 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (or its successor); 
“records” of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg means the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes; 
“Reference Rate” means €STR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or STIBOR as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Register” means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant to the Act and 
the Regulations; 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
monies payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such monies having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 above; 
“Relevant Notes” means all Ordinary Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least euro 100,000 and which are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
“Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date” means, in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, the date to which 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the 
Issuer has obtained a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval; 
“Statutory Maturity Extension Approval” means that the Issuer has received approval from the FSAN to extend 
the maturity of a Series of VPS Notes by 12 months;  
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm Inter-bank offered rate;

--- Page 116 ---
108 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any person (the “first person”) at any particular time, any other person (the 
“second person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by ownership of 
share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated with those of the first person; 
“Swap Agreement” means each Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each Currency Swap Agreement; “Swap 
Providers” means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
“Swaps” means any Currency Swap and/or any Interest Rate Swap; and 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 117 ---
109 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (“VPS Conditions”). VPS Notes will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS. 
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euronext VPS. 
Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
The VPS Notes are covered bonds eligible for the label “European Covered Bonds (Premium)” (in Norwegian: 
europeisk obligasjon med fortrinnsrett (premium)) issued by SR-Boligkreditt AS (the “Issuer”) in accordance 
with Chapter 11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Act on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 
April 2015 No 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the 
“Act”) and Chapter 11 of the Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502 on Financial Undertakings and 
Financial Groups (forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksforskriften)) (the “Regulations”).  
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme 
and each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and subject to an agreement (such agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “VPS Agency Agreement”) dated 27 April 2015 and 
made between the Issuer and SR-Bank (the “VPS Agent”). 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, (formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA, 
trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“VPS Notes” and “Euronext VPS”, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will have the benefit of the trustee agreement (such trustee agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “VPS Trustee Agreement”), dated 23 May 2017 made 
between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (formerly Nordic Trustee ASA) (the “VPS Trustee”, which 
expression shall include any successor as VPS Trustee). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accounts with Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with 
Euronext VPS in respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the Agency Agreement. 
The Final Terms for this VPS Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
which supplement these VPS Conditions and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent 
so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these VPS Conditions, replace or modify these VPS Conditions 
for the purposes of this VPS Note. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) which supplement this VPS Note. 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the VPS Notes from time to time (the “VPS Noteholders” 
and the “holders of VPS Notes”), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these 
VPS Conditions. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 118 ---
110 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the office of the VPS Agent at Christen Tranes gate 35, PO Box 250, 4007 Stavanger, Norway, 
and at the office of the VPS Trustee at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160 Oslo, Norway. 
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these VPS 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and the Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event of 
inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The VPS Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in the currency and Specified 
Denomination(s) as shown in Part A of the relevant (Final Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a Base 
Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant VPS Notes)) and will be registered with 
a separate securities identification code in Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for any other form of note, namely Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, issued 
by the Issuer, and vice versa. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, Euronext VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination.  
This VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This VPS Note may be a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext VPS. 
The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one issued on behalf of Euronext 
VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that are in force from time to 
time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
For so long as this VPS Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
2 
Status of the VPS Notes and Overcollateralisation 
(a) 
Status of the VPS Notes 
The VPS Notes of each Tranche constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu with (i) all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided equivalent priority of claim to the Cover Pool (as defined below) as covered bonds 
(obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued in accordance with the terms of the Act and the Regulations and 
(ii) providers of Covered Bond Swaps. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation  
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act and the 
Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register with respect to the Notes 
shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
(including any VPS Notes then outstanding) and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer (taking 
into account the effect of derivative contracts), provided that to the extent a higher level of minimum 
overcollateralisation is required by any applicable legislation from time to time, such level of 
overcollateralisation shall be the minimum level required to be maintained by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 2(b) (“Overcollateralisation”). In addition, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) decide to 
provide a higher level of Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool (an “Alternative Overcollateralisation 
Percentage”), provided that for so long as Moody’s has assigned a credit rating to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall not at any time reduce the then applicable Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage unless, after 
having given Moody’s not less than five Business Days’ written notice of such reduction, it reasonably 
believes that such reduction would not in and of itself result in any current credit rating then assigned to 
the Notes by Moody’s being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch. 
There is no obligation for the Issuer to maintain any particular rating in respect of the VPS Notes 
throughout the term of the Notes or select an Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage to maintain a 
rating. In particular, if an Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage has been selected and confirmed 
in accordance with this Condition 2(b), and at a later date any of the credit ratings assigned to the Notes 
are reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch, the Issuer shall not be obliged to select a 
higher Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage.  
For the avoidance of doubt, recourse to the Cover Pool, and any additional overcollateralisation in the 
Cover Pool, is available for all holders of covered bonds issued by the Issuer and any relevant swap 
counterparties. 
3 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to 
the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 120 ---
112 
As used in these VPS Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub- unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.

--- Page 121 ---
113 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls within the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, within the specified period after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
VPS Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 122 ---
114 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the place of presentation, any Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, any day on which T2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro (as defined in below). 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and 
subject to Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1), no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (2), fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case 
at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or an agent appointed by it 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer or an agent appointed by 
it with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or an agent appointed by it with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. “Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, or (ii) in the case of a determination of any other Reference

--- Page 123 ---
115 
Rate, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of four major banks in the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by it with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to the Issuer or an agent appointed by it by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks 
in the relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final Terms plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer or an agent appointed by it offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer or an agent appointed by it that it 
is quoting to leading banks in the relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR  
a. 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), 3(e) (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event), and Condition 3(b)(iv) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes – Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) 
and subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), 3(e) (Effect of

--- Page 124 ---
116 
Benchmark Transition Event), and Condition 3.2(b)(iv) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes – Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest)) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
b. 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation) if, in respect of 
any Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be: 
(A) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
5.00p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 3(d) 
(Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any 
rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in accordance 
with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent practicable, 
and to the extent such guidance does not increase the obligations or duties of the 
Calculation Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for the purposes of the 
Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
c. 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), if, in respect of 
any Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR 
for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page ("r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
d. 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in respect of 
any Business Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR

--- Page 125 ---
117 
for the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
e. 
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
Condition 3(d) (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation) or 3(e) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) as the case may be, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period 
is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
f. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes - 
Rate of Interest - Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR): 
If "Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Interest Payment Date shall be read as references to interest on the Notes being 
payable on the corresponding Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Observation Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where 
"SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date 
on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; and (iii) where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro;

--- Page 126 ---
118 
"Calculation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
         [∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period; 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the website of the European Central Bank, being as at the date of the 
Agency Agreement at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each 
case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following Business Day; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York as at the date of the Agency Agreement at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York; 
"Observation Method" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 127 ---
119 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified five Business Days); 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, zero; 
(C) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five Business Days); 
"r" means: 
(A) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in 
respect of such Business Day; 
(B) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect 
of such Business Day; 
(C) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(D) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being 
a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date);

--- Page 128 ---
120 
(E) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR 
in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being 
a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date);  
(F) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR 
in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being 
a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
(G) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business 
Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in 
respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate 
Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date; 
(H) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of 
each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(I) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate 
and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 129 ---
121 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" 
above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 
p.m. (New York City Time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however 
that for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lockout 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out 
Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference 
Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a

--- Page 130 ---
122 
Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(iii) 
Index Determination:  
If Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference 
rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula and to 
the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin: 
                                                    ( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be five in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and

--- Page 131 ---
123 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of 
SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index 
Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Rate of Interest – Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) as if Index Determination was not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference 
Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the 
case of Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) 
the Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be 
deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be 
determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent. If (X) a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 3(d) (Interest – Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 3(b)(iii) and (Y) if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in 
respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 3(e) (Interest – Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 3(b)(iii). 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will calculate the 
amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period:

--- Page 132 ---
124 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non- leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 133 ---
125 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine 
the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its 
absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this

--- Page 134 ---
126 
Condition 3(b), but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances 
or, as the case may be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as 
it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination or 
calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(viii) Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3(b), by the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on all parties and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such VPS 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such VPS 
Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 below. 
(d) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 3(b), where the Original Reference Rate applicable 
to the Notes is not SOFR, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (with effect from 30 days prior to the 
first date when such determination is necessary). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to consult with the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iv)). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(i) and the Issuer shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, or the Noteholders, as applicable, for any determination made by 
the Issuer and/or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(i). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(i) 
prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of

--- Page 135 ---
127 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 3(d)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
3(d)). 
(iii) Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Terms and Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 3(d)(iv), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 3(d)(iv) to which, in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose

--- Page 136 ---
128 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3(d) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and, in accordance with Condition 9, notice 
shall be provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any, and will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(d), if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3(d), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, 
willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation 
or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3(d)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) Definitions 
As used in this Condition 3(d): 
 “Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted

--- Page 137 ---
129 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate; 
(iv) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(v) 
if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining Rates of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(d)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1)  
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2)  
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(5)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or 
will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or  
(6)  
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(2) and (3) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of 
the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case 
may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the

--- Page 138 ---
130 
Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect 
from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified 
in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
3(d)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note (which is a Floating Rate 
Note) is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of such VPS Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the VPS Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, in respect of such VPS Notes as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of 
the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over- the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 139 ---
131 
(f) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the Original Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is SOFR, notwithstanding the provisions 
above in Condition 3(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and 3(d) (Benchmark discontinuation), as 
applicable, this Condition 3(e) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3(e), including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. No Paying 
Agent will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee 
in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall any Paying Agent be responsible for determining if a Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to any alternative 
benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination dates or any 
other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark. In 
connection with the foregoing, a Paying Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any 
determinations made by Issuer or its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at 
the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 3(e), no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that such 
Benchmark Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be expected to prejudice, after the 
application of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes and the further decisions and determinations as described below.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period or 
Reset Period, as applicable, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that immediately 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable), or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the

--- Page 140 ---
132 
Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding Reset 
Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially

--- Page 141 ---
133 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer or its designee determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of 
the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for 
the Notes in writing;

--- Page 142 ---
134 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
4 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
(whether by operation of law or agreements of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 below. Reference to specified 
currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of Euronext VPS and will be effected through 
and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing Euronext 
VPS. The VPS Agent and any Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the VPS 
Agent or any Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, provided that the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating institution with Euronext 
VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS Conditions so require and for so long as any

--- Page 143 ---
135 
VPS Note (which is a Floating Rate Note) is outstanding, and (iii) such other agents as may be required 
by any other stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 below. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 7 below) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
London; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation, London and any Additional Financial Centre) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; and 
(iii) 
a day on which such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving adverse 
tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes;  
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
5 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least equal to the Nominal 
Amount of each Note) specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
If a Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of VPS 
Notes and the Issuer has both (i) failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date 
specified in the Final Terms and (ii) has obtained a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, then (subject

--- Page 144 ---
136 
as provided below) the maturity of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be automatically deferred until 
the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing all or part of the 
Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on 
any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the rating agencies, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent and any relevant 
Swap Provider as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four business days in London 
prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series of Notes on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties (other 
than the VPS Agent) shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any 
rights in any such party under the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of VPS Notes provides that such VPS Notes are 
subject to a Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 below (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of 
the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of VPS 
Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed VPS Notes”) will be selected in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euronext VPS in the relation to such VPS Notes, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The VPS Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date, (if the VPS Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any authority 
therein having power to tax or any political subdivision thereof, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the VPS 
Notes; and  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the VPS Notes then due.

--- Page 145 ---
137 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the VPS Trustee to make available to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(c) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.  
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any VPS Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 9 below not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes, must, within 
the notice period, give notice (the “Put Notice”) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (c) above, each VPS Note will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a VPS Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the First 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a VPS Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater 
than the Issue Price of the First Tranche of the Series, at the amount specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
nominal amount. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, any Subsidiary of the Issuer or SR-Bank may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price 
in the open market or otherwise. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 146 ---
138 
6 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the VPS Noteholders of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note:  
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such VPS Note by reason of his having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of the VPS Note or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day. 
As used in these VPS Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any VPS Note means the date on which payment 
in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on 
which notice is duly given to the VPS Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the VPS Note being made 
in accordance with the VPS Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. 
Any amounts to be paid by the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a “FATCA Withholding 
Tax”), and the Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding 
Tax. 
7 
Prescription 
The VPS Notes will become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 15 below) 
thereof. 
8 
Transfer and Exchange of VPS Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders 
at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations of Euronext VPS (as amended or 
replaced from time to time). A transfer of VPS Notes which are held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS.

--- Page 147 ---
139 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5 above, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, transfer 
or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than 
by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
9 
Notices 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for communication 
by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock exchange, the Issuer shall 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such exchange. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days after delivery to Euronext VPS. 
10 Meetings of VPS Noteholders and Modification 
(a) 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully 
set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) of a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of 
the VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two-thirds of votes). Such 
a meeting may be convened by the VPS Trustee at the request of the Issuer, Oslo Børs or by VPS 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of outstanding VPS Notes. The 
quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least 50 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of outstanding VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing VPS Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
VPS Notes or the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the VPS Notes 
or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the nominal 
amount of outstanding VPS Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third of the nominal amount of the outstanding VPS Notes. A resolution 
passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or 
not they are present at such meeting. 
(b) 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(i) 
in order to make the following amendments, a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast in 
respect of voting VPS Notes is required: 
(I) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity;

--- Page 148 ---
140 
(II) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(III) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(IV) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(V) 
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (i); 
(VI) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(e) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the matters 
for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required); 
(VII) the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(VIII) a change of VPS Trustee, 
(ii) 
save as set out in Condition 10(b)(i) above, the VPS Trustee may agree to amendments to the 
VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions without prior approval of the affected VPS 
Noteholders provided that (i) such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the 
affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, or (ii) is made solely for the purpose of 
rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (iii) such amendment or waiver is required by 
applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. The VPS Trustee shall notify 
the VPS Noteholders as soon as possible of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out 
the date from which the amendments will be effective, unless such notice is clearly unnecessary. 
11 VPS Trustee 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by the Conditions and the 
terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
12 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS Notes. 
13 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 149 ---
141 
14 Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian law 
The VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act on Central Securities Depositories of 15 March 2019 
no. 6 (Lov om verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv.), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014 into Norwegian law, as amended or replaced from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes 
will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act 
and any related regulations and legislation. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Noteholders, that the courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the VPS Trustee 
Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Trustee Agreement, the VPS 
Agency Agreement and the VPS Notes) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the Norwegian courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 14 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
15 Definitions  
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
“Calculation Agency Agreement” in relation to any Series of VPS Notes requiring a calculation agent (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) means an agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent for such purposes; 
“Calculation Agent” means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series requiring a calculation agent (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), (i) the person appointed as calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the 
Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include 
any successor calculation agent appointed in respect of the VPS Notes or (ii) the Principal Paying Agent if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” means, in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to calculate Fixed Coupon Amount(s), Broken Amount(s), the relevant Final Redemption Amount 
and the relevant Early Redemption Amount (as applicable);

--- Page 150 ---
142 
“Cover Pool” means all the Issuer’s assets that from time to time form part of a Cover Pool created in accordance 
with and subject to Section 11-8 of the Act and Section 11-4 of the Regulations; 
“Currency Swap” means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising from (a) 
Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than loans) which are registered to 
the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
“Currency Swap Agreement” means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from time to time between 
the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
“Currency Swap Provider” means any third party counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under 
a Currency Swap Agreement; 
“€STR” means the daily euro short-term rate; 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance with 
rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty; 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate; 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty; 
“Exchange” means, for the purpose of these VPS Conditions, the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs); 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on one or 
more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Rate Note” means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may not be the 
Issue Date; 
“Interest Rate Swap” means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge the 
Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been hedged by a 
Currency Swap; 
“Interest Rate Swap Agreement” means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into from time to 
time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
“Interest Rate Swap Provider” means any third party counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider 
under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
“Issue Date” means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue and purchase of the VPS Note; 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (or its successor); 
“NIBOR” means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate administered by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and

--- Page 151 ---
143 
calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS) acting as calculation agent (or any other person 
which takes over the administration and/or calculation of that rate) for the relevant period (before any 
correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator); 
“Oslo Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the VPS Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the VPS Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for redemption 
and any interest (if any) payable under the VPS Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to 
the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in these VPS Conditions and the Agency Agreement 
(and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
the VPS Conditions) and remain available for payment of the relevant VPS Notes; 
(c) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the VPS Conditions; and 
(d) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the VPS Conditions; provided 
that for the purpose of: 
(i) 
attending and voting at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders of the Series; and 
(ii) 
determining how many and which VPS Notes of the Series are for the time being outstanding for 
the purposes of Condition 3 and the noteholder meetings provisions set out in the VPS Trustee 
Agreement, 
those VPS Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
“Rating Agencies” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (or its successor); 
“records” of Euronext VPS means the records that Euronext VPS holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer’s interest in the VPS Notes; 
“Reference Rate” means €STR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or STIBOR as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms 
“Register” means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant to the Act and 
the Regulations; 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
monies payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such monies having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 above; 
“Relevant Notes” means all VPS Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and which are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area; 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. local time in the relevant financial centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 152 ---
144 
“Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date” means, in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, the date to which 
payment of all the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that 
the Issuer has obtained a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval; 
“Statutory Maturity Extension Approval” means that the Issuer has received approval from the FSAN to extend 
the maturity of a Series of VPS Notes by 12 months;  
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm Inter-bank offered rate; 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any person (the “first person”) at any particular time, any other person (the 
“second person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by ownership of 
share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second 
person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, consolidated with those of the first person; 
“Swap Agreement” means each Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each Currency Swap Agreement;  
“Swap Providers” means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider;  
“Swaps” means any Currency Swap and/or any Interest Rate Swap; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 153 ---
145 
OVERVIEW OF THE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
Currency Swap Agreements 
The Issuer will enter into Currency Swaps from time to time with Currency Swap Providers by executing ISDA 
Master Agreement(s) (including schedules, confirmations and, in each case, a credit support annex) (each such 
agreement, a “Currency Swap Agreement” and each of the transactions thereunder, a “Currency Swap”), in 
order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Notes issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets 
forming part of the Cover Pool but denominated in NOK, subject always to the requirements as referred to in 
“Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsret)” above. 
Where the Issuer enters into Currency Swaps with the same counterparty these may be entered into under the 
same ISDA Master Agreement. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Currency Swap 
Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Currency Swap Provider, the 
relevant Currency Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, be required 
to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations under 
the relevant Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap to be transferred to 
an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with 
rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as 
applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement or taking some other 
action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
 
at the option of one party to the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under that Currency Swap Agreement and any applicable grace period has 
expired; 
 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Currency Swap Provider 
or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Currency Swap Provider without an assumption of its 
obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is made by 
the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the Currency Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Currency 
Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another agreement 
between the Issuer and such Currency Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant 
Currency Swap Agreement by the Currency Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace 
period; 
 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs; 
 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Currency Swap Provider 
under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement due to a change in law; and

--- Page 154 ---
146 
 
if the relevant Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply 
with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement and described above under “Ratings downgrade”. 
In addition, the bankruptcy administrator may terminate the Currency Swaps in whole or in part in accordance 
with the Norwegian legislation. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap Provider may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other. The amount of any termination payment will be based on 
a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to the cost of entering into a swap with terms 
and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment 
obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought from leading 
dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that 
became due and payable prior to termination. Any such termination payment could be substantial and may 
affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on the Notes) as a 
result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Currency Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Currency Swap Agreement to another entity. 
Taxation 
The Currency Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a Currency Swap. However, if, due to a change in law, the Currency 
Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Currency Swap or to receive a payment under a 
Currency Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, the Currency Swap Provider may 
terminate the relevant Currency Swap. 
The Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Currency Swap Provider will rank pari passu with the Noteholders in respect of their claims against the 
Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps with Interest Rate Swap 
Providers by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including schedules, confirmations and, in each case, a 
credit support annex) (each such agreement, an “Interest Rate Swap Agreement” and each of the transactions 
thereunder, an “Interest Rate Swap”), in order to hedge the Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other 
currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged by the Currency Swap, subject always to the 
requirements as referred to in “Overview of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner 
med fortrinnsrett)” above. Where the Issuer enters into Interest Rate Swaps with the same counterparty these 
may be entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an Interest Rate 
Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Interest Rate Swap 
Provider, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Interest Rate Swap

--- Page 155 ---
147 
Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral 
for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), 
procuring another entity with rating(s) as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance 
with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in 
respect of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement or taking some other actions as it 
may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
 
at the option of one party to the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under that Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any applicable grace period 
has expired; 
 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if a material 
misrepresentation is made by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, or if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives 
transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such Interest Rate Swap Provider or if a 
breach of a provision of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement by the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs; 
 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement due to a change in law; and 
 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement and described above under “Ratings downgrade”. 
In addition, the bankruptcy administrator may terminate the Interest Rate Swaps in whole or in part in 
accordance with the Norwegian legislation. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
may be liable to make a termination payment to the other. The amount of any termination payment will be based 
on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to the cost of entering into a swap with terms 
and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment 
obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought from leading 
dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that 
became due and payable prior to termination. Any such termination payment could be substantial and may 
affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on the Notes) as a 
result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from an Interest Rate Swap Provider.

--- Page 156 ---
148 
Transfer 
Each Interest Rate Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, transfer its obligations under any Interest Rate Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
The Interest Rate Swap Provider may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the Issuer if withholding 
taxes are imposed on payments made under an Interest Rate Swap. However, if, due to a change in law, the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under an Interest Rate Swap or to receive a 
payment under an Interest Rate Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider may terminate the relevant Interest Rate Swaps. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Interest Rate Swap Providers will rank pari passu with the Noteholders in respect of their claims against 
the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Eligibility Criteria for Swap Providers 
The Issuer will only enter into Swaps with entities which are “qualified counterparties” for the purposes of the 
Act.

--- Page 157 ---
149 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian, Luxembourg, participating Member States (as 
defined below) and United States tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax 
advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes 
and the tax laws of Norway, Luxembourg, those participating Member States (as defined below) and of the 
United States of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Notes. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.  
Norwegian Taxation  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Norway as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date. Such changes could be made on a 
retrospective basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes under the Programme. 
Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors concerning the overall tax consequences of their 
ownership of such Notes. 
Norwegian Taxation – Non-Residents 
Introduction 
The tax consequences described below apply to Noteholders who are not tax resident in Norway. In the 
following paragraphs, it is assumed that the Notes are held in the form of bearer bonds or debentures 
(mengdegjeldsbrev). 
Taxation on Interest 
Interest paid to a non-resident holder of Notes will not be subject to Norwegian income tax. Such holder of 
Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business 
carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through applicable tax treaties. 
Norway has introduced withholding tax at a rate of 15 per cent, for certain outbound interest payments from 
Norway. The withholding obligation applies only to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who 
are resident in low tax jurisdictions (i.e. where the effective taxation is lower than 2/3 of what it would have 
been had the holder been resident in Norway). Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a credit institution wholly 
owned by a Norwegian savings bank, and the Issuer not having any ownership in non-Norwegian subsidiaries, 
the Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to apply to interest payments on Notes issued by it. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to taxation in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Notes. Such holder of Notes may, however, be subject to taxation if the holding of Notes is 
effectively connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth Tax 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes.

--- Page 158 ---
150 
An individual non-resident holder of Notes is not subject to wealth tax, unless the holding of Notes is effectively 
connected with a business carried on by the holder of Notes in Norway or managed from Norway. 
Such tax liability may be modified through applicable tax treaties. 
Transfer Tax 
There is currently no Norwegian transfer tax on the transfer of Notes. 
Norwegian Taxation – Norwegian residents 
Introduction 
The tax consequences described below apply to Noteholders who are tax resident in Norway (“Norwegian 
Noteholders”). Again, it is assumed that the Notes are held in the form of bearer bonds or debentures 
(mengdegjeldsbrev). 
Taxation of interest 
For Norwegian Noteholders, interest on bonds (such as the Notes) is taxable as “ordinary income” subject to a 
flat rate of 22 per cent. This applies irrespective of whether the Norwegian Noteholders are individuals or 
corporations. For financial services companies subject to the Norwegian financial tax (e.g. banks, insurance 
companies, investment companies etc.), the tax rate for “ordinary income” is 25 per cent. For taxpayers with a 
statutory obligation to keep accounting records, interest is taxed on an accrual basis (i.e. regardless of when the 
interest is actually paid). For taxpayers without a statutory obligation to keep accounting records, accrued 
interest is, as a general rule, taxed when the interest is actually paid. 
For Norwegian Noteholders holding Notes issued with a discount (compared to the nominal value) such 
discount will be taxed in the year of the realisation of the Notes. 
If the Notes are not listed in a regulated market within six months following issuance, Norwegian Noteholders 
who are individuals resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to additional Norwegian taxes on the 
interest received at a flat tax rate of currently 22 per cent. The basis for the additional tax is equal to the interest 
accrued on the Notes reduced by the tax rate of 22 per cent. and less a risk-free interest rate 
(“skjermingsfradrag”). The risk-free interest rate is determined by the Norwegian Directorate of Taxes based 
on the interest rate published by Norges Bank on a bi-monthly basis. The basis for the taxable income is subject 
to an upwards adjustment factor of currently 1.72.  
Any interest received in foreign currency is converted to Norwegian kroner when calculating the taxable interest 
income. 
Taxation upon disposal or redemption of the Notes 
Redemption at the relevant Maturity Date of the Notes as well as prior disposal of the Notes is treated as a 
realisation of such Notes and will trigger a capital gain or loss for Norwegian Noteholders under Norwegian 
tax law. Capital gains will be taxable as “ordinary income”, subject to the flat rate of 22 per cent (25 per cent 
for financial service companies). Losses will be deductible from a Norwegian Noteholder’s “ordinary income”, 
taxed at the same rate. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Norwegian 
Noteholder on realisation and the cost price of the Notes. The cost price is equal to the price for which the 
Norwegian Noteholder acquired the Notes. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realisation of 
the Notes may be deducted from a Norwegian Noteholder’s taxable income in the year of the realisation.

--- Page 159 ---
151 
Net wealth taxation 
The value of the Notes held by a Norwegian Noteholder at the end of each income year will be included in the 
computation of his/her taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. Under Norwegian 
tax law, listed notes are valued at their quoted value on 1 January in the relevant assessment year. The marginal 
rate of net wealth tax is currently 1 per cent for net worth above a minimum threshold of NOK 1,700,000, and 
1.1% for net worth above a minimum threshold of NOK 20,000,000. 
Limited liability companies and certain similar entities are exempt from net wealth taxation. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Norway does not impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts.  
Transfer taxes etc. and VAT 
No transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes are currently imposed in Norway on purchase, disposal or 
redemption of securities such as the Notes. Furthermore, there will be no VAT payable in Norway on the transfer 
of the Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based 
on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers 
as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no Luxembourg 
withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or repayment of principal in 
case of reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for 
withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Proposed Financial Transactions Tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Original Proposal”) 
for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). In December 2015, 
Estonia withdrew from the group of Participating Member States.  
The Commission’s Original Proposal had a very broad scope and would, if introduced, have had applied to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of Notes would, however, have been exempt. 
In 2019, the Finance Ministers of the Participating Member States indicated that they were discussing a new 
FTT proposal based on a French model of tax (and the possible mutualisation of tax as a contribution to the EU 
budget) (the “2019 FTT Proposal”). Under the 2019 FTT Proposal, the FTT would only have applied to 
transactions in financial instruments issued by a company, partnership or other entity whose registered office is 
established within one of the Participating Member States and which had a market capitalisation of at least EUR 
1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the respective transaction. The FTT under the 2019 FTT Proposal

--- Page 160 ---
152 
would not have applied to straight bonds. No agreement has been reached between the Participating Member 
States on either the Commission’s Original Proposal or the 2019 FTT Proposal. Subsequently, the European 
Commission declared that, if there was no agreement between the Participating Member States by the end 2022, 
it would endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 with a view to its 
introduction by 1 January 2026, as also set out in the Council Regulation laying down the Multi-annual 
Financial Framework for the years 2021 to 2027. 
Prospective holders of the Notes should therefore note that the scope of any FTT proposal remains uncertain 
and will be subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. Any such proposal may also be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate and/or other Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. Accordingly, 
prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to any FTT. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (including an intermediary through which Notes are held) may be 
required to withhold at a rate of 30% on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons 
that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed 
in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless such Notes are (i) materially 
modified after such date or (ii) treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, if additional 
notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes—Further Issues” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all such Notes that are not distinguishable, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
ERISA Considerations  
The Notes should be eligible for purchase by employee benefit plans and other plans subject to the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and/or the provisions of section

--- Page 161 ---
153 
4975 of the Code and by governmental, church and non-U.S. plans that are subject to state, local, other federal 
law of the United States or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to ERISA or section 4975 of the Code 
(“Similar Law”), subject to consideration of the issues described in this section. ERISA imposes certain 
requirements on employee benefit plans (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to ERISA, including 
entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets 
of such plans (collectively, “ERISA Plans”) and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA 
Plans. Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA’s general fiduciary requirements, including the 
requirements of investment prudence and diversification and the requirement that an ERISA Plan’s investments 
be made in accordance with the documents governing the Plan. The prudence of a particular investment must 
be determined by the responsible fiduciary of an ERISA Plan by taking into account the ERISA Plan’s particular 
circumstances and all of the facts and circumstances of the investment including, but not limited to, the matters 
discussed under “Risk Factors.” 
Section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an 
ERISA Plan (as well as those plans that are not subject to ERISA but which are subject to section 4975 of the 
Code, such as individual retirement accounts (together with ERISA Plans, the “Plans”)) and certain persons 
(referred to as “parties in interest or disqualified persons”) having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a 
statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest of disqualified person, 
including a plan fiduciary, who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other 
penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. 
The Issuer or any other party to the transactions may be parties in interest or disqualified persons with respect 
to many Plans. Prohibited transactions within the meaning of section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code 
may arise if any of the Notes is acquired or held by a Plan with respect to which the Issuer or any other party 
to such transactions is a party in interest or a disqualified person. Certain exemptions from the prohibited 
transaction provisions of section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, 
depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes and the circumstances 
under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions are section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and 
section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to transactions between a person that is a party in interest (other than 
a fiduciary or an affiliate that has or exercises discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice 
with respect to assets involved in the transaction) solely by reason of providing services to the plan, provided 
that there is adequate consideration for the transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-
38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected 
by a qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions involving insurance company 
general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) and 
PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by in- house asset managers). Prospective investors should 
consult with their advisors regarding the prohibited transaction rules and these exceptions. There can be no 
assurance that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular 
transaction involving any Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in section 3(33) 
of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of section 406 of ERISA and section 
4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Law. Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult 
with their counsel before purchasing the Notes to determine the need for, if necessary, and the availability of, 
any exemptive relief under any Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note (or interest therein) will be deemed by such purchase or 
acquisition of any such Note (or interest therein) to have represented and warranted, on each day from the date 
on which the purchaser or transferee acquires such Note (or interest therein) through and including the date on

--- Page 162 ---
154 
which the purchaser or transferee disposes of such Note (or interest therein), either that (a) it is not a Plan or an 
entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any Plan or a governmental, church or non–U.S. plan which 
is subject to any Similar Law or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note will not result in a 
prohibited transaction under section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of a 
governmental, church or non–U.S. plan, any Similar Law) for which an exemption is not available. 
In addition, the U.S. Department of Labor has promulgated a regulation, 29 C.F.R. section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset Regulation”) describing what constitutes the assets of a 
Plan with respect to the Plan’s investment in an entity for purposes of certain provisions of ERISA, including 
the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, and section 4975 of the Code. Under the Plan Asset 
Regulation, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity that is neither a publicly-offered security nor a 
security issued by an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the Plan’s assets 
include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity’s underlying assets, unless one of 
the exceptions to such treatment described in the Plan Asset Regulation applies. Under the Plan Asset 
Regulation, a security which is in form debt may be considered an equity interest if it has substantial equity 
features. If the Issuer were deemed under the Plan Asset Regulation to hold plan assets by reason of a Plan’s 
investment in any of the Notes, such plan assets would include an undivided interest in the assets held by the 
Issuer and transactions by the Issuer would be subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of 
ERISA and the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. While there is little 
pertinent authority in this area and no assurance can be given, the Issuer believes that the Notes should not be 
treated as equity interests for the purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation. 
Each Plan fiduciary who is responsible for making the investment decisions whether to purchase or commit to 
purchase and to hold any of the Notes should determine whether, under the documents and instruments 
governing the Plan, an investment in such Notes is appropriate for the Plan, taking into account the overall 
investment policy of the Plan and the composition of the Plan’s investment portfolio. Any Plan proposing to 
invest in such Notes (including any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan) should consult with its counsel to 
confirm that such investment will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction and will satisfy the other 
requirements of ERISA and the Code (or, in the case of a governmental plan, any Similar Law). 
Each Plan fiduciary that purchases a Note (or interest therein) on behalf of a Plan shall be deemed to represent 
by their purchase of such Note (or interest therein) that neither the Issuer or any other party to the transaction 
provided any recommendations or advice to the Plan in connection with the purchase of the Note. The sale of 
any Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer or any other party to the transactions that such 
an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Plans generally or any 
particular Plan, or that such an investment is appropriate for Plans generally or any particular Plan. 
Any further ERISA considerations with respect to Notes may be found in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
155 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 5 July 2024 (as amended and restated from time 
to time) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
the Ordinary Notes only. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” 
(only in relation to the Ordinary Notes) and “Terms and Conditions of the Ordinary Notes”. The Ordinary Note 
Arranger and the Dealers have not been involved in the structuring of the VPS Notes, will not participate in any 
issuances of the VPS Notes and therefore accept no responsibility or liability in connection with the VPS Notes 
(in particular, for any subscriptions to the VPS Notes under the Programme and/or any issuance or underwriting 
thereof). In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
Notes may not be offered, sold or, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (“Regulation S”). 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and U.S. Treasury 
regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver Notes (a) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated

--- Page 164 ---
156 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes, which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Each Dealer further represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of

--- Page 165 ---
157 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act and any other relevant laws, regulations of Japan. 
Norway  
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base Prospectus has 
been filed with the FSAN, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total 
consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; 
(b) 
to “professional investors” (in Norwegian: “profesjonelle kunder”) as defined in Section 10-6 in the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in Section 10-
6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
The Notes shall be initially recorded with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant 
to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act 2019 (in Norwegian: verdipapirsentralloven) and the 
CSDR. However, that recording requirement does not apply if (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and 
offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or

--- Page 166 ---
158 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree) that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial 
Services Act”) and/or Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation 11971/99, as amended from time to time. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to 
time;  
(ii) 
(if applicable) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus in Singapore 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 167 ---
159 
General 
Each Dealer agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. With regard to each Tranche, the relevant 
Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree 
and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 168 ---
160 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euronext VPS currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Euronext VPS has 
been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Euronext VPS are advised 
to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euronext VPS.  
Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement or VPS Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Euronext VPS  
Euronext VPS (formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) is a Norwegian 
public limited liability company which is licensed as a central securities depository under the CSD Act 
implementing the CSDR into Norwegian law. The CSD Act requires, among other things, that all Norwegian 
notes and bonds shall be initially recorded with Euronext VPS or in another central securities depository which 
is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to record such notes and bonds pursuant to the 
CSD Act and CSDR (the “VPS Securities”). However, that recording requirement does not apply to domestic 
issuers (such as the Issuer) for notes and bonds issued outside of Norway that are either (i) denominated in 
Norwegian kroner with subscription limited to non-Norwegian residents only or (ii) denominated in a currency 
other than Norwegian kroner and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless central securities depository and, therefore, registration of ownership, transfer and 
other rights to financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any issuer of VPS Securities 
will be required to have an issuer account operator tasked with the role to record VPS Securities with Euronext 
VPS and to keep registered information about the Issuer and the VPS Securities up-to-date. Furthermore, each 
holder of VPS Securities is required to have their own account (investor’s account) showing such person’s 
holding of VPS Securities at any time.  
Noteholders may hold VPS Securities either (i) directly in an investor’s account registered in the name of the 
Noteholder, or (ii) in a nominee account with a nominee either meeting the statutory requirements in Section 4-
3, paragraph 1 of the CSD Act or having been approved by the FSAN pursuant to Section 4-3, paragraph 3 of 
the CSD Act.

--- Page 169 ---
161 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment, the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 April 2015, 12 May 2015, 21 April 2016, 19 April 2017, 1 
February 2018, 31 January 2019, 29 January 2020, 4 February 2021, 17 March 2022, 2 February 2023 and 1 
February 2024 respectively. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, Admission to Trading and Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Ordinary Notes issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The listing of the Ordinary Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be expressed as a percentage of their 
nominal amount (excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Application may be made at a future date under this Base Prospectus for the Notes to be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Ordinary Note Arranger or the VPS Note Arranger (as applicable) and the relevant Dealers. 
Documents Available 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available from the registered office of the Issuer, on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us/investor/financial-info/sr-boligkreditt.html 
(though 
the 
website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the 
time being in London and in Luxembourg: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Definitive Notes 
and the Coupons and the Talons and the VPS Trustee Agreement; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(iv) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final Terms (save that Final 
Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated therein by reference;  
(v) 
the published audited financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023, together with the independent auditor’s report prepared in connection therewith;

--- Page 170 ---
162 
(vi) 
the published unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the three-month period 
ended 31 March 2024; and 
(vii) 
the Green Bond Framework (including the Second Party Opinion). 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus and each Final Terms relating to Notes (other than VPS Notes) which 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.luxse.com). 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions. 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Euroclear; Clearstream, Luxembourg; and Euronext VPS are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg and the address of Euronext VPS is Tollbugata 2, 0152 Oslo. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, and there 
has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 31 March 
2024. 
Litigation 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 171 ---
163 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Such third parties have no material interests in the Issuer. The source of third party information is 
identified where used. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Independent Auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS has been the independent auditor of the Issuer since 17 March 2015 (the 
“Auditors”). PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den 
norske Revisorforening). PricewaterhouseCoopers AS has also been appointed by the FSAN as the independent 
inspector pursuant to section 11-14, sub-section 1, of the Act. 
The Auditors have audited the financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022, as incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference. 
Listing Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Issuer LEI and Website 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 5493005EFLOPQ4K0ZF42. 
The website of the Issuer is  
https://www.sparebank1.no/en/sr-bank/about-us/investor/financial-info/sr-boligkreditt.html

--- Page 172 ---
164 
The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as described under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference and Supplements to the Base Prospectus”. 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as described above, 
the contents of the Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or 
indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should not rely on such information.

--- Page 173 ---
165 
THE ISSUER 
SR-Boligkreditt AS 
Christen Tranes gate 35, PO Box 250  
4007 Stavanger, Norway 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square,  
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
VPS AGENT 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
Christen Tranes gate 35, P.O. Box 250 
4007 Stavanger, Norway 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
0160 Oslo, Norway 
 
ORDINARY NOTE ARRANGER 
J.P. Morgan SE  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
 
VPS NOTE ARRANGER 
SpareBank 1 SR-Bank ASA 
Christen Tranes gate 35, P.O. Box 250 
4007 Stavanger, Norway

--- Page 174 ---
166 
DEALERS  
J.P. Morgan SE  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber, 
75116 Paris, France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7, 1102 BD Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2, 70173 Stuttgart 
Germany  
 
NATIXIS 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris, France 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris, France 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12,  
81925 Munich, Germany 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT  
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen allé 16 
NO-0252 Oslo, Norway 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to US law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street, London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP 
1290 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10104 
United States of America 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Dromning Eufemias gate 8 
NO-0106 Oslo, Norway