--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
SSAB AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), SSAB AB (publ) (the “Issuer”, the “Company” or “SSAB”) may 
from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein).  The Notes may be issued on a continuing 
basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.  An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For 
a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “regulated market of Euronext Dublin”) of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) 
in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this 
Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of 
Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland on or 
before the issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest 
(if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein together with certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market. 
The Issuer has been rated BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”).  S&P is established in the European Union and is registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) Accordingly, the Issuer rating issued by S&P has 
been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended by the Credit Ratings 
Agencies (Amendment, etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by S&P.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Arranger 
NATWEST MARKETS 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DANSKE BANK 
DNB MARKETS 
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS 
NATWEST MARKETS 
NORDEA 
OP CORPORATE BANK PLC 
SEB  
SWEDBANK 
The date of this Prospectus is 17 May 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Prospectus, 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be) for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
In relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms relating to each Tranche will be filed with the 
Central Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms 
relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. 
The information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus, unless 
such information is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes”) may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes), be calculated by reference to a Reference Rate. As at the date of this Prospectus, each of the 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as 
administrator of NIBOR) is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation").  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF NOTES 
GENERALLY 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The 
Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Belgium, France and the Kingdom of Sweden), the UK, Singapore and Japan, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus and any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
SECOND PARTY OPINIONS AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has prepared and 
published a sustainability-linked finance framework (the “Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework”) and has 
requested a provider of second party opinions, Sustainalytics, to issue a second party opinion (the “Second Party 
Opinion”) in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework. In addition, in connection with the issue of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will engage one or more Assurance Providers to 
carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report and a 2018 
Baseline Assurance Report, as applicable (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in relation 
to the Sustainability-Linked Notes. The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion 
are accessible through the Issuer’s website at: https://www.ssab.com/company/investors/debt-financing, and any 
Assurance Reports or 2018 Baseline Assurance Reports will also be accessible through the Issuer’s website. 
However any information on, or accessible through, such website and the information in such Sustainability-
Linked Finance Framework, Second Party Opinion or any past or future Assurance Reports or 2018 Baseline 
Assurance Reports do not form part of this Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making 
any investment decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes to be issued under the Programme. In 
addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the 
Dealers or any other member of their respective groups, second party opinion providers or any 
Assurance Provider as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or 
certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the 
Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor 
shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Prospectus, all references to: 
 
“Group” refers to SSAB and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
 
“Member State” refer to a Member State of the EEA; 
 
“U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$ ” and “$” refer to United States dollars; 
 
“SEK” refer to Swedish Kronor; 
 
“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling; and  
 
“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Statements of SSAB 
The historical financial information of SSAB contained in this Prospectus has been derived from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of SSAB as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020 (the “Audited Financial Statements”). SSAB’s historical audited consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European 
Union (the “EU”). The audited consolidated financial statements of SSAB as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 have been audited by Ernst & Young AB (“EY”). EY are subject to 
Swedish auditing and auditor independence standards. SSAB prepares its financial statements in Swedish 
kronor.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................. 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................... 32 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 33 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................. 35 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT .............................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................... 58 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................... 88 
INFORMATION ABOUT SSAB ............................................................................................ 89 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................ 107 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................. 109 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 114 
 
 ___________________

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and any 
relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and, if appropriate, a supplement to the 
Prospectus or a new Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
SSAB AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
529900329VS14ZIML164 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” below. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk 
Factors” and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
DNB Markets, part of DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular 
laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal  
Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro, Sterling, Swedish Kronor, U.S. dollars and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a 
partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, 
or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each term as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, or the Independent Adviser so appointed fails to make such 
determinations, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is permitted to make such determinations, as further 
described in Condition 4.2(h). 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer may be 
subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms or applicable 
Pricing Supplement indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The 
Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin for Sustainability-Linked Notes will 
be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that, for any Interest Period commencing on or 
after the Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if 
any, the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin shall be increased by the 
Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable 
Pricing Supplement. The increase in the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial 
Margin will be triggered by the occurrence of a Step Up Event, linked to 
the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain sustainability performance 
targets in relation to its greenhouse gas emissions, as further detailed in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Final Terms or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, or the failure of the Issuer to report on 
such key performance indicator in the required time periods. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no 
more than once in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Note. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption 
Premium Notes: 
If the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement indicates 
that the Premium Payment Option is applicable to any Series of Notes, 
the Issuer may be required to pay in respect of each such Sustainability-
Linked Redemption Premium Note a Premium Payment Amount on the 
Premium Payment Date, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or applicable Pricing Supplement. The requirement to make payment of 
the relevant Premium Payment Amount on the relevant Premium 
Payment Date will be triggered by the occurrence of a Premium Trigger 
Event, linked to the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain sustainability 
performance targets in relation to its greenhouse gas emissions, as 
further detailed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the 
applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement, or the failure of 
the Issuer to report on such key performance indicator in the required 
time periods. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, Dual 
Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable in one or more 
instalments.   
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or to changes 
in the prices of securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree, as set out in the applicable

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Pricing Supplement. 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency 
Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such rates of 
exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree, as set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the 
issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and on such 
dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree, as set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes which 
may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such 
dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree, as set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in 
which event the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in the case 
of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, or, in the case of 
any Notes, for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
In addition, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control in the circumstances described in Condition 6.4(b). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note (other 
than an Exempt Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as 
provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7, 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
described in Condition 3. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Issuer has been rated BBB- by S&P. Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to 
be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Belgium, France and the Kingdom of 
Sweden), the UK, Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  The Issuer has 
identified in this Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to 
make payments due under the Notes.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into seven categories based on their nature. These 
categories are: 
 
 
risks relating to the steel industry;  
 
risks relating to SSAB’s business operations; 
 
risks relating to environmental, social and governance issues; 
 
risks relating to legal, regulatory and internal control issues; 
 
 risks related to SSAB’s financial condition and financing; 
 
risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; and 
 
risks relating to Notes generally. 
 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the 
criteria set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are 
presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the 
potential impact of their materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any evaluation of the 
materiality of the risk factors within that category, when compared to risk factors in another category. 
 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus including any 
document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and 
upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in Notes issued under the Programme is suitable for 
them in light of the information in this Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES 
ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STEEL INDUSTRY 
The steel industry is affected by global, regional and national economic conditions and the prevailing 
macroeconomic uncertainty continues to have a material adverse effect on demand for steel. 
The steel market is cyclical and demand for standard steel products and, to a lesser extent, high strength steel 
products is affected by global, regional and national economic conditions, levels of industrial investment activity 
and levels of industrial production. 
SSAB Europe and SSAB Americas represented 36 per cent. and 21 per cent. of SSAB’s total net sales for the 
year ended 31 December 2021, respectively, compared to 35 per cent. and 20 per cent. for the year ended 31 
December 2020, respectively. Thus, SSAB faces significant exposure to the economic conditions, levels of 
industrial investment activity and levels of industrial production in both Europe and North America. Accordingly, 
any deterioration of economic conditions in those or other regions in emerging economies that are substantial 
consumers of steel, such as China, could result in a recession or a prolonged period of slower growth, either of 
which would be likely to result in decreased demand and pressure on pricing for SSAB’s products, and therefore 
have a significant adverse impact on its net sales, revenues and profitability, which could in turn have a material 
adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
In addition to macroeconomic trends, steel demand is sensitive to the business cycles of the industries that use 
SSAB’s products. For example, high strength steels are primarily used in the heavy transport, automotive, 
material handling including mining, construction machinery including lifting, energy and protection industries, 
whereas standard steels are used by the manufacturing industry in general, including construction and building 
material, machinery and equipment. Some of these end-user industries, such as the automotive and construction 
industries, are highly cyclical and as a result, the demand for SSAB’s products may vary significantly. See also 
“—Financial difficulties or bankruptcy of one or more of SSAB’s major customers or suppliers could have a 
material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of operations” below. 
Weak demand may also lead to obsolescence in inventories within SSAB’s divisions, for example due to rust 
issues. Demand volatility also makes it difficult for SSAB to optimise production capacity as reduced production 
results in increased per unit production costs and decreased profitability; therefore, lower demand and the 
resulting decrease in prices of the Group’s products as well as the potential increases in costs per unit and the 
resulting decline in competitiveness as a result of demand volatility may have a significant impact on SSAB’s 
profitability and revenues. 
 
Protracted declines in steel consumption caused by uncertain economic conditions in one or more of SSAB’s 
major geographic markets or end-user industries, the deterioration of the financial condition of any of SSAB’s key 
customers or any other reason would be likely to lead to reduced sales and profitability. 
In addition, the ongoing coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak emanating from China at the beginning of 2020 has 
resulted in increased travel restrictions, extended shutdown of certain businesses and a general decrease in 
market activity since February 2020. The impact of COVID-19 on economic conditions is volatile and uncertain, 
and may negatively affect SSAB in ways that are not currently known or foreseen. The measures that may be 
taken by governments, regulators, communities and businesses (including SSAB) to respond to the outbreak of 
COVID-19 could also lead to material or prolonged disruptions to SSAB’s business, both in terms of factory 
closures due to health concerns and unavailability of raw materials due to disruption of supply chains, as well as a 
significant reduction in demand. Furthermore, new, more-contagious strains of the COVID-19 virus have been 
discovered in the UK and South Africa (amongst others) which have already spread across a large number of 
nations and are likely to increase pressure to close borders, thereby worsening the potential effect on the global 
economy and trade. If the spread of COVID-19 increases or persists more broadly for a significant period of time, 
this could have a materially negative impact on the global economy. Recent roll outs of COVID-19 vaccines being 
developed by Pfizer, BioNTech, AstraZeneca and Moderna, amongst others, have raised hopes that 
immunisation of the general population in developed economies may be feasible. However, there can be no 
assurance that production of such vaccines will be sufficient to achieve this goal. There remains little certainty as 
to the prolonged effectiveness of such vaccines, particularly in the light of the mutation of the virus into new 
strains which existing vaccines may be less effective against, or potentially wholly ineffective. Investors should 
note the risk that the virus may therefore continue to affect the global economy for the foreseeable future and any 
current or future governmental or societal response to the virus may affect have a significant impact on the global 
economy.  If current levels of economic deterioration and volatility continue or worsen, SSAB could experience an 
adverse impact, which may be material, on its sales, and profitability and therefore its business, results of 
operations and financial condition, and SSAB’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, there is, among other things, a risk of supply chain 
disruptions and/or rising prices of input materials, including energy, as well as a risk of a slowdown in economic 
activity in general. The uncertainty prevailing at the date of this Prospectus makes it difficult to assess how this 
will affect SSAB’s future revenue and earnings. However, a long-term continuation of hostilities may result in a 
materially negative effect on global macroeconomic conditions and, in particular, continued higher fuel, raw 
material, and energy prices and, accordingly, could have a negative impact on SSAB’s revenues and profitability. 
Steel price volatility could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The development of steel prices directly affects SSAB’s profitability. Unlike many commodities, steel is not 
completely fungible due to wide differences in shape, chemical composition, quality, specifications and 
application, all of which impact sales prices. Steel prices fluctuate based on macroeconomic factors, including, but 
not limited to, consumer confidence, employment rates, interest rates and inflation rates, in the economies in 
which steel producers sell their products, and are largely sensitive to the cyclical nature of the business sectors 
that are the principal consumers of steel, namely the automotive, construction, appliance, machinery, equipment, 
infrastructure and transportation industries. When steel prices increase, customers may delay purchasing 
decisions until they have stabilised. A period of protracted low steel prices or significant price volatility may 
negatively impact SSAB’s revenues and profitability and, accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Overcapacity in the global steel industry, and particularly in Europe and China, could lead to reduced 
steel prices and have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s profitability. 
SSAB’s competitiveness and long-term profitability are, to a significant degree, dependent upon its ability to 
optimise capacity utilisation and maintain low-cost and efficient production relative to competitors. Due to the high 
fixed costs related to steel production, steel producers generally attempt to maintain high capacity utilisation rates 
in order to maintain their profitability. During periods of declining demand, this may result in a significant 
oversupply of steel and a corresponding decline in steel prices. A lower utilisation rate would also affect SSAB’s 
fixed costs, which cannot be fully reduced in line with production, leading to a higher per unit cost. Therefore, 
either a decrease in SSAB’s utilisation rate or a general oversupply of steel could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Volatility in the supply and prices of, or the inability to procure, raw materials could have a material 
adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Steel production requires substantial amounts of certain raw materials, including iron ore, scrap metal, 
metallurgical coal, injection coal, coke and alloys. Raw materials are priced in the world market and the prices, 
which are primarily quoted in U.S. dollars, generally vary in accordance with the availability of such raw materials 
and the demand for steel. The price volatility is primarily due to fluctuating customer demand, supply, levels of 
stock and speculation, which may, from time to time, be compounded by decreases in extraction and production 
due to natural disasters, political or financial instability or unrest. 
SSAB’s profitability is dependent in part on raw materials prices and the extent to which changes in raw material 
prices correlate to changes in steel prices. Complicating factors include the extent of the time lag between (i) the 
raw material price change and the steel selling price change and (ii) the date of the raw material purchase and the 
actual sale of the steel product in which the raw material was used (average cost basis). Raw material prices are 
important drivers in the steel industry. SSAB has pricing agreements with the majority of its suppliers of iron ore 
and coking coal that include monthly price fixing, although certain pricing agreements have quarterly price fixing. 
If the pricing terms in SSAB’s contracts for raw materials do not reflect market steel prices, this could significantly 
impact SSAB’s profitability.  
SSAB’s United States operations regularly purchase scrap metal as a raw material for their production. Prices and 
other terms in conjunction with trading in scrap metal are affected by market forces that are beyond SSAB’s 
control, including demand from other American and international steel producers, levels of stock, freight costs and 
speculation. Scrap metal prices are set on a spot rate. Raw material inventories and long customer contracts 
could, furthermore, lead to a risk that price increases in raw materials could not be passed on to customers. 
SSAB’s European production relies on iron ore and metallurgical coal, a portion of which is normally sourced from 
Russia. Approximately 5 per cent. of total spending on sourcing of raw materials in 2021 was spent on sourcing 
from Russia. SSAB did substantially reduce the sourcing from Russia during the first quarter of 2022 and initiated 
work to find alternative supply. However, sanctions as well as other effects of the war in Ukraine may continue to 
obstruct sourcing of raw materials and result in higher costs. SSAB has implemented a Group wide screening 
process using Compliance catalyst (a system that has an on-line continues screening of all suppliers and 
customers) in order to ensure that any transactions with Russian counterparts during the phasing out of such 
supplies are not in violation of any applicable sanctions laws.”

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
SSAB may also be unable to procure certain necessary raw materials on a timely basis, at acceptable prices and 
other terms, in sufficient amounts or at all. For certain raw materials, such as iron ore, metallurgical coal and 
injection coal, SSAB relies on a small number of suppliers. Although there are alternative suppliers in the market 
for each of SSAB’s raw materials, replacing a supplier may be time consuming and the terms available may not 
be as favourable as the terms in current supply agreements. SSAB could also experience issues with the quality 
of the raw materials it purchases. Further, SSAB may be forced to purchase products from other suppliers for 
various reasons, including if a supply contract is not extended, if a supplier is not able to meet its delivery 
obligations (including due to export, import or other restrictions for certain raw materials) or if a supplier faces 
financial or operational difficulties or disruptions. If SSAB is unable to obtain adequate and punctual deliveries of 
required raw materials at acceptable prices, they may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products in 
a timely or profitable manner, which could harm SSAB’s profitability or reputation and cause them to lose 
customers, incur additional costs or delay new product introductions. In addition, switching the supplier of a 
certain raw material may negatively affect SSAB’s production since it might be forced to carry out necessary 
adjustments to its production process as dictated by differences in quality and other characteristics of the raw 
materials. 
Any prolonged interruption in the supply of raw materials, or increases in raw materials costs that cannot be 
passed on to customers, could have a negative impact on SSAB’s profitability and/or loss of customers, and 
therefore its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
SSAB purchases natural gas for the steel production, both in North America and in Europe. A sharp increase in 
gas prices and/or shortages in natural gas supply may affect SSAB’s production and earnings negatively. 
The global steel industry is characterised by high levels of competition. 
The markets in which steel companies operate are highly competitive. SSAB’s long-term growth and profitability 
are dependent on its ability to continue to develop products that are competitive in terms of quality and price as 
well as to build its position in higher value-added markets. SSAB may be adversely affected by, among other 
things, increases in competitors’ activity; lower sales prices; and the development of new production technologies, 
products, services and customer offerings. Furthermore, the steel industry is currently undergoing a wave of 
consolidation in China, the EU and the US. While this may lead to temporary business disruption, it will likely 
create stronger, more efficient competitors. If SSAB fails to address the challenge arising from such consolidation, 
or is unable to meet customer demands, or is unable to develop new products that help generate profitable 
business, it may lose market share and competitive position. If SSAB is unable to compete effectively or is unable 
to keep up with price or product trends, it could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s sales. 
Further, due to the system of carbon dioxide emission rights within the EU, there is a risk of distortion of 
competition due to the fact that a large proportion of steel producing countries in the world are not covered by the 
system, which enables producers in those countries to produce steel without such additional costs and potentially 
at a lower cost than SSAB. For more information about carbon dioxide emission rights, see “—SSAB may be 
adversely affected by any future application of restrictions in regard to greenhouse gas emissions and face risks 
associated with identifying and controlling the cost of compliance with emission allowance schemes” below. 
The steel industry is characterised by large capital expenditures. 
The steel industry is capital intensive and a significant portion of the cash flow from operating activities generated 
from sales of steel products is often used to undertake necessary major investments. The failure to reach target 
production capacities, budget overruns or lower than expected returns on these investments could have a 
material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, ongoing 
maintenance of SSAB’s production and other facilities requires significant capital expenditures and any 
deterioration of its production facilities may result in higher maintenance and replacement costs in the long term. 
Furthermore, any postponed maintenance capital expenditure may reduce the value of SSAB’s production 
facilities, subject such facilities to a higher risk of accidents or have an adverse effect on SSAB’s ability to 
compete effectively. A materialisation of any of these risks may lead to decreased revenues and/or profitability for 
SSAB.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
There can also be no assurance that financing for necessary maintenance of SSAB’s facilities or for future 
strategic capital expenditure projects will be available on terms that are acceptable to SSAB, or at all. If SSAB 
cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, it may not be able to develop or upgrade its facilities, execute its 
business strategy, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated 
customer requirements. Further, changes to, and maintenance of, existing production facilities and construction of 
new production facilities require extensive regulatory permits and approvals, and there can be no assurance that 
such permits and approvals would be granted with the anticipated terms, within the targeted timeframe, or at all. 
Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s ability to achieve its development goals or 
compete effectively and therefore have a significant impact on its revenues and accordingly its prospects and 
results of operations.  
Substitute materials and new technologies, or changes in the products or manufacturing processes of 
customers or end users of steel, could have an adverse effect on the market price of and demand for 
steel. 
In many applications, steel competes with other natural and synthetic materials, such as concrete, glass, 
aluminium, composites, plastic and wood. Pricing of competing products, development of new or improved 
substitutes for steel products or government regulatory initiatives mandating the use of such materials instead of 
steel could significantly reduce the prices of and demand for steel products. 
In addition, the steel market is characterised by evolving technology standards that require improved quality, 
changing customer specifications and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. The products or 
manufacturing processes of the customers that use SSAB’s steel products may change from time to time due to 
improved technologies or product enhancements. These changes may require SSAB to develop new products 
and enhancements for its existing products. In addition, the emergence of new technologies could result in certain 
products containing steels becoming obsolete. Failure to keep pace with market changes or to produce steel 
products that meet customers’ specifications and quality standards in a timely and cost-effective manner could 
lead to reduced sales and/or profitability. 
Competitive prices for and reliable access to energy resources required for the production of steel 
products are subject to volatile market conditions. 
The production of steel products requires significant amounts of energy resources, particularly coal (see “—
Volatility in the supply and prices of, or the inability to procure, raw materials could have a material adverse effect 
on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of operations” above) as well as, to a lesser extent, electricity, 
oil, liquid petroleum gas and natural gas. Electricity and natural gas represent significant energy costs for the 
SSAB Americas business area. Energy prices have historically varied and may continue to vary significantly as a 
result of political and economic factors beyond SSAB’s control. The implementation of EU-level and national 
directives is currently ongoing and includes a number of significant uncertainties.  
Disruptions in the supply of energy resources could also temporarily impair the ability of SSAB to manufacture 
products. Such disruptions may also occur as a result of the loss of energy supply contracts or the inability to 
enter into new energy supply contracts on commercially attractive terms. Furthermore, natural disasters or similar 
events could affect the electricity grid and disrupt the delivery of electricity to SSAB’s production sites. Any such 
disruptions.could affect the reliability of the manufacturing process and therefore SSAB’s ability to deliver to 
customers on time, and any increases in energy costs would result in reduced profitability, either of which could 
have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s results of operations.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE SSAB’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
Disruptions to production processes could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s operations and 
customer service levels. 
Steel production takes place in a process chain. The processes are dependent on the continuous operation of 
critical production equipment, including furnaces, continuous casters, rolling mills and electrical equipment (e.g., 
transformers), and production downtime may occur as a result of unanticipated mechanical failures or other 
events. Disruptions in any part of the chain can rapidly have serious repercussions on the entire process. SSAB’s

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
production facilities have experienced, and may in the future experience, plant shutdowns or periods of reduced 
production as a result of such equipment failures and planned maintenance. Operations may also be disrupted for 
a variety of other reasons including civil unrest, natural disasters (e.g., earthquakes, flood, snow, fires, typhoons 
or other natural disasters or other force major events), cyber or other forms of terrorist attacks, flooding, release of 
substances harmful to the environment or health, strikes, transportation disruptions, or other events occurring in 
the regions where it carries out is businesses. Furthermore, accidents may lead to production downtimes with 
respect to certain machinery or plants or even plant closures, including for the duration of any ongoing 
investigation. To the extent that lost production as a result of such disruptions could not be compensated for by 
the production of unaffected facilities, such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s sales and 
revenues. 
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
SSAB’s currency exposure largely relates to the translation risk regarding net assets of foreign subsidiaries. 
SSAB also operates and sells its products globally and, as a result, generates a significant portion of its sales and 
incurs a significant portion of its expenses in currencies other than the Swedish krona, primarily the U.S. dollar 
and the euro. Generally, steel sales are priced in the currency of the local market. To the extent that SSAB incurs 
costs in one currency and generates sales in another, its profit margins may be affected by changes in the 
exchange rates between the two currencies. In addition, there are currency flows as a consequence of major 
capital expenditure purchases that are made in foreign currencies, primarily euro and U.S. dollars. SSAB’s 
European sales are denominated mainly in euro and Swedish krona, and its North American sales are generally 
denominated in U.S. dollars. The raw material purchases for SSAB’s European operations are denominated 
mainly in U.S. dollars while employee-related expenses and other costs are primarily denominated in Swedish 
kronor and euro. The costs of SSAB’s North American operations, including raw material costs, are mainly 
denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates, particularly between the Swedish krona 
and the euro and the Swedish krona and the U.S. dollar, affect SSAB’s profit margins and revenue. Generally, 
appreciation of the U.S. dollar or depreciation of the euro against the Swedish krona would have an adverse 
effect on SSAB’s profit margins and revenue. Foreign exchange rates in emerging markets where SSAB is active, 
including China, India and South America, could also fluctuate significantly and cause value changes in SSAB’s 
investments and therefore give rise to the risk of write downs in balance sheet values.  
SSAB hedges translation risk with the aim of minimising the effect of foreign currency translation on its net debt to 
equity ratio. SSAB also borrows in currencies other than Swedish kronor in order to reduce the translation 
exposure risk. Exceptions are made in the case of small amounts (e.g., for equity in foreign sales companies). For 
transaction risk, SSAB hedges larger commercial currency flows (currently, accounts receivables and accounts 
payables in U.S. dollar, euro and pound sterling). Major investments made in a currency other than Swedish 
kronor are hedged in their entirety. Other commercial currency flows that arise in connection with purchases and 
sales in currencies other than Swedish kronor are short term in nature and thus are not hedged; instead, they are 
exchanged on the spot market. However, there can be no assurance that SSAB’s hedging policy will be sufficient 
to cover the impact of adverse foreign exchange fluctuations, and any such failure could have a material adverse 
effect on SSAB’s profitability, financial condition and results of operations. 
Costs related to pension benefit plans could increase, which could have a material adverse effect on 
SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
SSAB has both contribution-based and benefit-based pension plans. Generally, the plans are financed through 
payments to insurance companies or manager-administered funds. For contribution-based plans, fixed fees are 
paid to a separate legal entity and there is no obligation, legal or informal, to pay any additional fees. In the 
contribution-based plans, payments are recognised as an expense during the period when the employees have 
performed the services to which the fees relate. Blue-collar employees in Sweden are covered by such a 
contribution-based plan. A large part of SSAB’s pension obligations with respect to white-collar employees are 
benefit-based and compensation is payable to employees and former employees based on their salary at the time 
of retirement and number of years in service. Pension obligations in benefit-based plans are insured on a 
collective basis. According to the current accounting rules, insured benefit-based plans are reported and treated

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
as contribution-based pensions. As a result of the acquisition of Rautaruukki, which has defined benefit plans in 
Finland, Norway and Germany, the amount of unfunded defined benefit pension plan obligations increased 
markedly. As at 31 December 2021, SSAB’s unfunded defined benefit pension plan obligations amounted to SEK 
385 million. SSAB is exposed to various risks related to the benefit-based plans, which are not insured on a 
collective basis, including the risk that the costs for the promised payments will be higher than estimated, the risk 
of actual investment returns being less than assumed rates of return and the risk of results deviating from 
actuarial assumptions for areas such as mortality of plan participants. Any of these risks, if they materialise, could 
have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s financial condition and balance sheet.  
Financial difficulties or bankruptcy of one or more of SSAB’s major customers or suppliers, or losing 
major customers for any other reason, could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Some of SSAB’s customers and suppliers have experienced financial and operational challenges throughout the 
difficult economic environment resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. The continuation or exacerbation of the 
difficulties experienced by these customers or suppliers could place them in additional financial and operational 
distress or could even result in bankruptcy. The potential inability of SSAB to collect outstanding account 
receivables on a timely basis, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on its sales and cash flow. Similarly, 
any financial difficulties experienced by SSAB’s suppliers could result in an interruption in the supply of raw 
materials. In addition, the competition in the markets in which SSAB operates is intense and SSAB is subject to 
the risk of losing customers, including customers that may be significant to SSAB, to its competitors. Any of the 
foregoing could have a significant impact SSAB’s revenues and/or profitability. 
Unfair trade and pricing practices or subsidies in the markets in which SSAB operates could adversely 
affect steel prices and reduce SSAB’s profitability, while trade restrictions could limit SSAB’s access to 
existing and new export markets. 
SSAB has been and will continue to be, exposed to unfair trade and pricing practices by competitors. Several 
countries also grant substantial subsidies to companies active in local steel industries. The pricing advantage 
enjoyed by these producers on their subsidised products may impair or eliminate SSAB’s ability to compete with 
such producers. This and other practices may further impair SSAB’s profitability to the extent heavily subsidised 
steel products are produced in or exported into SSAB’s key markets, the EU and the United States. Unfair trade 
and pricing practices or subsidies may also lead to increased supply in certain markets, resulting in increased 
price competition. In addition, SSAB has significant exposure to the effects of trade actions and barriers due the 
global nature of its operations. Various countries have implemented, or may in the future implement, trade actions 
and barriers, which could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations by limiting SSAB’s access to steel markets.  
Failure to attract qualified personnel or a loss of key personnel or labour unrest could disrupt SSAB’s 
business and have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
SSAB’s ability to continue to maintain and grow its business as well as provide high quality products depend, to a 
large extent, on the contributions of its management team and key personnel. The loss of key individuals or other 
employees who have specific knowledge of, or relationships with, trade customers in the markets in which SSAB 
operate could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s ability to compete in the market, potentially leading to 
loss of customers and thus decreased revenues.  
SSAB’s success also depends, to a great extent, on its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees 
throughout the organisation. If SSAB is unable to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees at all levels, it 
may affect its ability to manufacture its products to the required quality or to fulfil deadlines, thereby potentially 
leadig to loss of customers. 
SSAB is also subject to the risk of labour disputes and adverse employee relations that could disrupt its business 
operations. The majority of SSAB’s employees in Sweden are represented by labour unions that have signed 
collective bargaining agreements with SSAB. However, there can be no assurance that the collective bargaining 
agreements will prevent strikes or work stoppages at any of SSAB’s facilities, or that such agreements will be

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
renewed on substantially similar terms and conditions in the future. There can be no assurance that any work 
stoppage would not have a significant impact on SSAB’s production capacity and its ability to meet customers’ 
required volumes and or delivery deadlines. 
RISKS RELATING TO ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ISSUES  
SSAB may be adversely affected by any future application of restrictions with regards to greenhouse gas 
emissions and face risks associated with identifying and controlling the cost of compliance with emission 
allowance schemes. 
Increased restrictions on carbon dioxide emissions stemming from the EU Emissions Trading Scheme (the “ETS”) 
could place SSAB at a competitive disadvantage in relation to steel producers located outside the EU. SSAB’s 
steel production operations in Sweden and Finland, which are covered by the ETS, generate significant amounts 
of carbon dioxide. As unused emission allowances can be sold, the ETS creates a financial incentive for 
companies to restrict their emissions of carbon dioxide. Conversely, if the level of a company’s emissions of 
carbon dioxide exceeds the rights in its possession, sufficient allowances for the emissions must be purchased. In 
the event that SSAB is forced to purchase allowances for excess emissions, such allowances could not be 
available at an acceptable price or at all, and accordingly its costs of production would increase resulting in 
reduced profitability. 
Since 2012, manufacturing companies have generally had to purchase a steadily increasing amount of emission 
rights, as both the cap on total annual emissions in the EU and the amount of emission rights allocated at no cost 
are gradually being reduced. SSAB applied for free emission rights for the 2021–2030 trading period for its Luleå, 
Oxelösund, Borlänge and Finspång production facilities in Sweden and for its Raahe and Hämeenlinna facilities in 
Finland.  
Due to the foreseen revision of the system after 2020, especially changes in the free allocation of emission 
allowances, and the fact that the market price for allowances could rise, there could be increasing costs for the 
steel industry due to the need to purchase additional emission allowances. SSAB is among the most efficient 
steel producers in Europe and also has a smaller deficit of emission rights than the industry average, hence a 
potential cost increase would be less pronounced than for its competitors.  
SSAB is actively working to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions, with the aim to reduce such emissions by 15 per 
cent. by 2025 and largely eliminate them around 2030. SSAB has saved some allowances and is currently 
purchasing more in order to cover any deficit. However, it is likely that the reduction in available emissions 
allowances will exceed the reduction in SSAB’s emissions and stored allowances in the short term, and in the 
event that SSAB is not allocated a sufficient amount of emission rights, SSAB’s operations, earnings and financial 
position may be negatively affected as its steel production costs will increase. Furthermore, if SSAB is unable in 
the future to purchase the additional rights required to continue operations at planned levels at an acceptable cost 
or at all, it may be restricted in its levels of production. As a result, SSAB may not be able to produce products 
that are competitive in terms of price, which could place SSAB at a competitive disadvantage and could have a 
material adverse effect on SSAB’s sales and/or profitability. 
SSAB’s operations are subject to various environmental laws and regulations and a failure to comply with 
these laws and regulations could result in unexpected costs and other liabilities.  
SSAB is subject to various environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, atmospheric 
emissions, water quality, solid and hazardous waste handling and disposal, plant and wildlife protection, 
reclamation and restoration of mining properties, and the remediation of contaminated properties. If these 
environmental laws and regulations are amended or as their application or enforcement is changed, costs in 
complying with new and more stringent regulations may be imposed on SSAB. Further, many of SSAB’s 
operations require environmental and other regulatory permits that are subject to modification, renewal or, subject 
to certain conditions, revocation by the issuing authorities. In certain countries, the procedures for obtaining these 
permits are often long and complex and there can be no assurance that the requested permit will be granted or 
renewed. Violations of applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil and criminal penalties, 
revocation of permits and licences, the curtailment or cessation of operations, third-party claims or any

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
combination thereof, any of which could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
SSAB’s main production facilities are located in Sweden, Finland and the USA. SSAB’s production is subject to 
the laws and regulations of these jurisdictions, including environmental laws and laws governing the clean-up of 
hazardous materials and the management of properties. SSAB has several smaller processing units in Asia, 
Europe and North America. In the future, SSAB may be required to participate in the clean-up of a property that it 
owns or leases, or at which SSAB has operated. In certain circumstances, SSAB might be solely responsible for 
any such liability under environmental laws, and such claims could be material.  
Future remediation may be required if new contamination occurs, existing contamination that is currently unknown 
is discovered, known contamination requires more extensive remediation than originally anticipated or 
environmental regulations or their enforcement become more stringent.  
The materialisation of any of the above risks could result in significant unexpected costs for SSAB and thus have 
a material adverse effect on SSAB’s financial condition. 
RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL, REGULATORY AND INTERNAL CONTROL ISSUES 
SSAB is subject to stringent health and safety laws and regulations that may give rise to significant costs 
and liabilities. 
SSAB is subject to a broad range of health and safety laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which it 
operates and these laws and regulations impose increasingly stringent health and safety protection standards. 
The costs of complying with, and the liabilities imposed pursuant to, health and safety laws and regulations could 
be significant, and failure to comply could result in the assessment of civil and criminal penalties, suspension of 
permits, temporary or permanent closure of production facilities, or claims or lawsuits by third parties. 
SSAB is subject to the risk of industrial accidents that could lead to production stoppages, the loss of key assets 
and employees (and those of sub-contractors and suppliers) or injuries to persons living near affected sites. 
The occurrence of any of these events could prevent or delay production, increase production costs and result in 
death or injury to employees, damage to property and liability for SSAB, as well as substantially harm SSAB’s 
reputation (and accordingly lead to a loss of customers), all of which could have a material adverse effect on 
SSAB’s results of operations. 
SSAB’s governance, internal controls and compliance processes could fail to prevent regulatory 
penalties, reputational harm and fraud, both at operating subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
SSAB operates in a global environment and its activities straddle multiple jurisdictions and complex regulatory 
frameworks at a time of increased enforcement activity and enforcement initiatives globally in areas such as 
competition and anti-corruption law. SSAB’s governance and compliance processes may not prevent breaches of 
law or governance standards by SSAB or by its subsidiaries. SSAB also faces the risk of fraud by its employees 
as well as violations at its joint ventures and other companies in which it has an interest, particularly if it only has a 
minority stake and does not control accounting or other rules and protocols for the conduct of business. SSAB’s 
failure to comply with applicable laws and other standards could subject it to fines, loss of operating licences and 
reputational harm. 
Although SSAB believes that its current system is efficient and sufficient in order to meet the requirements 
imposed in regulations and by the market, there may be the risk that errors and delays in internal reporting are not 
discovered in time. Additionally, at the operational level, individual employees may not comply with SSAB’s 
policies and guidelines and as a result may cause SSAB to incur compliance costs and cause SSAB reputational 
damage. SSAB relies upon governance, internal control and compliance systems, the effective operation of which 
will be necessary for SSAB to accurately and effectively compile SSAB’s financial results and monitor its internal 
control processes. Any problems with these systems could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, inadequate internal controls could also cause investors 
and other third parties to lose confidence in SSAB’s reported financial information. 
Product liability claims or loss of product certifications.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
SSAB’s products are used in a wide range of applications. For instance, certain of SSAB’s products are used in 
safety-critical applications, such as in the automotive industry and in armoured vehicles. There could be 
significant consequential damages resulting from the use of or defects in such products. Any failure by SSAB to 
meet the qualifications needed to receive the necessary third-party certifications or the loss of existing third-party 
certifications may lead to the loss of business opportunities, which could lead to a decline in sales. 
The performance, quality and safety of SSAB’s products are critical to the success of SSAB’s business. These 
characteristics depend significantly on the effectiveness of quality control systems, which in turn depend on a 
number of factors, including the quality of the training programs, the design of the systems and SSAB’s ability to 
ensure that its employees adhere to quality control guidelines and policies. Any significant failure or deterioration 
of SSAB’s quality control systems could have a material adverse effect on its reputation and could result in 
product liability claims. SSAB has limited product liability insurance coverage, which may not be sufficient to cover 
all potential liabilities. Accordingly, a major claim or a series of smaller claims for damages related to SSAB’s 
products sold, or advice given to customers in connection with products sold, may not be fully covered by 
insurance, or may not be covered by insurance at all, which could lead to significant unexpected expenses and 
therefore a material effect on SSAB’s result of operation. 
Failure to protect intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s 
competitiveness as well as on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Developing new steel products and construction products and services, brands and manufacturing technologies 
that can be differentiated from those of its competitors, such as Hardox, Strenx and its other brands of high 
strength steels as well as construction products and services, is important to SSAB’s success. SSAB relies on a 
combination of patents, trademarks and contractual rights to protect its intellectual property. In addition, SSAB 
relies on know-how, the development of new products and technological development in combination with non-
disclosure agreements and certain other agreements to protect its intellectual property rights. However, there can 
be no assurance that the measures SSAB takes will effectively deter competitors from improper use of its 
intellectual property. Competitors may misappropriate intellectual property owned or licensed by SSAB, disputes 
as to ownership of intellectual property may arise or intellectual property may otherwise become known or 
independently developed by competitors. In addition, certain technologies and processes used by SSAB may be 
subject to the intellectual property rights of third parties in certain countries. Such third parties may take legal 
action for infringement of these intellectual property rights and any such claims could delay or prevent the delivery 
of SSAB’s products. Any failure to protect SSAB’s intellectual property or resulting claims of infringement on third-
party intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s competitiveness as well as its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any significant problems with information systems could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
SSAB is dependent on an efficient IT infrastructure in its operations and has a number of applications and 
different software programs that are being used at many of its locations around the world. In the event SSAB’s IT 
infrastructure becomes unusable or its function is significantly impaired for any reason during an extended period 
of time, SSAB’s operations may be adversely affected since the manufacturing process as well as the ability to 
deliver products at the appointed time, order raw materials and handle inventory are largely dependent on SSAB’s 
IT infrastructure. Difficulties in maintaining, upgrading and integrating these systems may result in damage to 
SSAB’s reputation in the eyes of its customers, increased costs, and reduced profitability.  
In addition, any problems with IT systems could result in leakage of sensitive information, theft of intellectual 
property and unavailability of production systems, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Any compromise of its IT security could result in a loss of 
confidence in SSAB’s security measures and subject to litigation, civil or criminal penalties, and adverse publicity 
that could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO SSAB’S FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCING 
If market conditions deteriorate, SSAB could encounter difficulties in repaying its debt and financing or 
refinancing its operations. 
SSAB’s ability to finance its operations or refinance its existing loans depends on a number of factors, such as the 
availability of cash flows from operations and access to additional debt and equity financing, and there can be no 
assurance that such funds will be available at a commercially reasonable cost, or at all. There can be no 
assurance that SSAB will be able to incur additional debt and/or refinance its existing debt when it matures. 
In addition, the adverse developments in the credit markets, as well as other future adverse developments such 
as the deterioration of the overall financial markets or a worsening of general economic conditions, could have a 
material adverse effect on SSAB’s ability to borrow additional funds as well as the cost and other terms of 
funding. The failure to obtain sufficient funding for operations or the increased costs or unfavourable terms of 
financing or refinancing could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. Furthermore, SSAB may encounter difficulties in financing its capital investments, which may 
prevent the realisation of its strategic plans and could result in SSAB having to forgo opportunities that may arise 
in the future. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s competitive position. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in relation to 
certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available 
at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
relevant Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR"), the Stockholm interbank offered rate ("STIBOR") and the Norwegian interbank offered rate 
("NIBOR")) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such 
a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products (including 
bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR to perform differently 
than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may 
have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as 
described in the conditions of the Notes) occurs.  These fallback arrangements will include the possibility that the 
relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined by 
reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as applicable), in either case as adjusted by reference to an 
applicable adjustment spread, all as determined by an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser so appointed fails to make such determination, the Issuer, in 
any such case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
conditions of the Notes. An adjustment spread could be positive, negative or zero and may not be effective in 
reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the original reference rate with the successor rate or the alternative rate (as the case may be). 
The use of a successor rate or alternative rate (including with the application of the applicable adjustment spread) 
will still result in any Notes referencing an original reference rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the original reference rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
In addition, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may also in its discretion specify that other changes to the conditions of the Notes that are 
necessary in order to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of the relevant successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) and/or in either case the applicable adjustment spread. 
No consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders (each as defined below) shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial 
consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due 
to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Enforceability of judgments. 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Sweden in the courts of a state which is not under the 
terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the “2012 
Brussels Regulation”), (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 on jurisdiction and the 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the “2000 Brussels Regulation”), or (iii) 
the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters 
made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 
Brussels Regulation and the 2000 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano 
Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits 
(but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, administrative tribunals or 
executive or other public authorities of Sweden). The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020 at 11 pm 
(UK time) and the EU single market on 31 December 2020. As a result, an English court judgment entered 
against the Issuer in relation to the Notes will neither be recognised nor be enforceable in Sweden (absent any 
replacement arrangements being put in place) and the Noteholders would be required to re-litigate in the courts of 
Sweden. The UK has applied to join the Lugano Convention in its own right which is still subject to approval from 
the EU. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics. 
Although (i) in the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
the applicable Pricing Supplement indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable, the interest rate relating to

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain circumstances, and (ii) in the case of Notes 
in respect of which the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement 
indicates that the Premium Payment Option is applicable, the Issuer may be required to pay a Premium Payment 
Amount in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes in certain circumstances, all as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes, such Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any 
future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics and no 
representation is made by the Issuer or the relevant Dealers as to the suitability of the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Sustainability-Linked Notes 
will not be marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general 
corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or 
business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be subject to any other limitations 
associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment or, as the case may be, the requirement to make payment of the Premium 
Payment Amount in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes depends on definitions of GHG Scope 1 Emissions 
and GHG Scope 2 Emissions (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) that may be 
inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions.  
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions, there can be no 
assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in 
furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the 
design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of this target or such 
investments may become controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Lastly, no Event of 
Default shall occur under the Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem 
such Sustainability-Linked Notes, if it fails to satisfy any requirements of the SPT Condition. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any relevant Dealer as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any opinion (including the Second Party Opinion), report, certification or validation of 
any third party in connection with the offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the sustainability performance 
targets set to fulfil any green, social, sustainability, sustainability linked and/or other criteria.  
The Second Party Opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Dealers, any 
Second Party Opinion providers, the Assurance Provider or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainability-
Linked Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such 
opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it 
was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, 
certification or validation and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, certification 
or validation for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion, certification or validation attesting that the Group is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, certification or validation is opining on or certifying on 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.  Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated in, and/or to 
form part of, this Prospectus. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include a trigger linked to greenhouse gas emissions (see “Sustainability-Linked 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics”) which must be complied with by the Issuer. The failure to meet such sustainability performance

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
targets for the SPT Reference Year will result in increased interest amounts under such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes and/or a requirement to make payment of a Premium Payment Amount in respect of such Sustainability-
Linked Notes, which would increase the Group’s total cost of funding and may result in a significant negative 
impact on the reputation of the Group, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its 
business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Step Up Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event may occur if, 
amongst other things, the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions (GHG Scope 1 Emissions and GHG Scope 2 
Emissions, each as more fully described in Condition 4.3) in respect of the SPT Reference Year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, applicable Pricing Supplement, do not reduce by the SPT 
Threshold specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, by comparison to the 2018 Baseline. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit the Issuer to 
recalculate the 2018 Baseline in line with the recalculation guidelines set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Framework to reflect, amongst other things, any significant changes to the Group. Accordingly, while the 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework requires that any such recalculation must be reported to the Science 
Based Targets initiative and included in the annual SLB Progress Report verified by an independent, qualified 
reviewer, any recalculation may increase or decrease the volume of greenhouse gas emissions comprising the 
relevant baseline, and therefore respectively increase the total volume of greenhouse gas emissions that may be 
produced by the Group while still being able to satisfy the SPT Condition and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up 
Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event, as applicable, or decrease the total volume of reduction in greenhouses 
gases that needs to be achieved by the Group in order to satisfy such conditions and avoid the occurrence of a 
Step Up Event and/or a Premium Trigger Event, as applicable. Capitalised terms in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index Linked 
Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest 
in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of Notes being determined by reference 
to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange 
rates or other factors (each, a “Relevant Factor”).  In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor that the 
impact of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable 
will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential investor should

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked to a 
Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of his investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such investor 
losing all of his investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other leverage 
factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or other 
leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their 
market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as EURIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further 
adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use 
of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would 
not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. For example, Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes.  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EEA third country  credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA third country rating agency is

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by non-UK third 
country credit rating agencies, such third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered 
credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. In the case of non-UK third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the 
value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the non-consolidated and consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 and the auditors' report thereon, as set out on pages 137 to 217 of the 
section titled "Financial Reports 2021" of the "SSAB Annual Report 2021", which can be viewed online at: 
https://www.ssab.com/-/media/Files/Company/Investors/Annual-
reports/2021/SSAB_Annual_Report_2021_EN.pdf?m=20220316083802 
(b) 
the non-consolidated and consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 and the auditors' report thereon, as set out on pages 160 to 242 of the 
section titled "Financial Reports 2020" of the "SSAB Annual Report 2020", which can be viewed online at: 
https://www.ssab.com/-/media/Files/Company/Investors/Annual-
reports/2020/SSAB_Annual_Report_2020_EN.pdf?m=20210318085841   
(c) 
the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer for the first quarter of 2022 as set out 
on pages 16 to 25 of the “Interim Report January – March 2022” dated 26 April 2022, which can be viewed 
online at: 
https://www.ssab.com/-/media/files/company/investors/interim-reports/2022/ssab-q1-report-
2022_eng_f.pdf?m=20220426052747; and 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Prospectuses dated 2 June 2021 (on 
pages 59 to 88), 12 June 2019 (on pages 55 to 81), 18 May 2018 (on pages 52 to 74) and 10 May 2016 (on 
pages 47 to 69) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed online at: 
https://ssabwebsitecdn.azureedge.net/-/media/files/company/investors/debt-investor-materials/emtn-
prospectus-2021.pdf?m=20210603101702  
https://ssabwebsitecdn.azureedge.net/-/media/files/company/investors/debt-investor-materials/emtn-
prospectus-2019.pdf?m=20200102145109  
https://ssabwebsitecdn.azureedge.net/-/media/files/company/investors/debt-investor-materials/emtn-
prospectus-2018.pdf?m=20200102145110  
https://ssabwebsitecdn.azureedge.net/-/media/files/company/investors/debt-investor-materials/emtn-
prospectus-2016.pdf?m=20200102145110 
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable 
Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
“Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent 
Global Note”) which, in either case, will:  
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against 
presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each 
case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or 
other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on 
the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or 
(b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) 
may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange 
shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any 
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing 
Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be 
assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, 
which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has 
become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the 
basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the 
terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 30 April 2015 and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a supplement to the 
Prospectus or a new Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER CURRENCY) OR 
MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt 
Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more issued under 
the Programme. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II][Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
                                                     
1  
Legend(s) to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]3 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) 
OF SINGAPORE (the “SFA”) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not [“prescribed capital markets 
products”], pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or [Excluded Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products)].] 4 
[Date] 
SSAB AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900329VS14ZIML164 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 17 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation")/the Prospectus 
Regulation] (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus, in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus dated [10 May 2016 / 18 May 2018 / 12 June 2019 / 2 June 2021] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 17 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) / the 
Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 17 May 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] 
been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the 
subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
SSAB AB (publ) 
                                                     
3  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
4  
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product  
classification 
from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[   ] 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph [27] below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 
(or equivalent)) 
(Note - where multiple denominations above €100,000 or equivalent 
are being used the following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including €199,000. No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000.”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest for 
Notes in global form see 
Condition 4): 
[   ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ 
 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Subject as set out in Condition 4.3 and paragraph [17] below,] 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[   ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/– [   ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below)

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, [and 
subject to the Premium Payment Option described in Condition 
6.10,] the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount   
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there][Not 
Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. (a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[   ] [and [   ], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is required 
for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date[, subject as set out in Condition 4.3 and paragraph [17] below]  
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Condition 4.1): 
 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application of Condition 4.3 
and paragraph [17] below,] [   ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Condition 4.1): 
 
[[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application of Condition 4.3 
and paragraph [17] below,] [   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In 
such case, insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
the Business Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[   ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
(Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR and the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if STIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[   ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[   ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA Determination 
under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application of Condition 4.3 
and paragraph [17] below,] [+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. Step Up Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Margin: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[        ]  
(c) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. Notice periods for Condition 6.2: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
 
19. Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other than a specified 
amount per Calculation Amount, the Notes will need to be Exempt 
Notes)  
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Optional 
Change 
of 
Control 
Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
24. Final Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
25. Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
26. Premium Payment Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[Maturity Date][ 
] 
(b) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[        ] 
(d) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. Form of Notes:

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
(a) 
[Form:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and 
after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 
60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a 
clearing system, a depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law 
of 14 December 2005. 
 
(N.B.  The exchange of a Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to 
be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and 
including 
[€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of 
Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
28. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and not the 
end dates of Interest Periods for the purpose of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
29. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of SSAB AB (publ): 
By: ...............................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [   ]. 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[   ]  
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms].   
Each of [defined terms] is established in the [European Union/United 
Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) [as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018] 
(the 
“[UK] 
CRA 
Regulation”)] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of 
the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer different from what is disclosed in the Prospectus, give details) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
(iii) CFI: 
[[See / [     ], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
("ANNA") or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[See / [     ], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
("ANNA") or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN][Not Applicable][Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[   ] 
(viii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[   ] 
 
(ix) Deemed delivery of clearing system notices 
for the purposes of Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given on 
the second business day after the day on which it was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[               ] 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]6 
[Date] 
SSAB AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900329VS14ZIML164 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of [Regulation (EU) 
                                                     
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
6  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)/ the Prospectus Regulation] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.]7 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 17 May 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] 
(the “Prospectus”).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus.  The Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] 
been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
[          ] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[29] below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest for Notes in 
global form see Condition 4): 
 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
                                                     
7  
Do not include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” legend(s) is/are included (because the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Fixed rate - specify date 
Floating rate  - Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[Subject as set out in Condition 4.3 and paragraph [19] 
below,] 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[  ] month [  ] EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[Premium Payment Option applies] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes into 
another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment Basis][Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] [(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior  
(b) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date[, subject as set out in Condition 4.3 and 
paragraph [19] below] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Condition 4.1): 
 
 
 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application of 
Condition 4.3 and paragraph [19] below,] [          ] per 
Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Condition 4.1): 
 
 
 
 
[[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application of 
Condition 4.3 and paragraph [19] below,] [   ] per 
Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below /, not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following  
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/specify 
other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
Reference Rate: [     ] month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/specify other Reference Rate]. 
(Either EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, although additional 
information is required if other, including fallback provisions 
in the Agency Agreement)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[          ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, the second 
Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if NIBOR and the second Stockholm business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR) 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[          ] 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[Subject to adjustment as a result of the application of 
Condition 4.3 and paragraph [19] below,] [+/-] [   ] per cent. 
per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
 
(m) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
[          ]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Provisions for determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(e) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(c) 
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[          ] 
19. 
Step Up Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Step Up Margin: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[        ] 
(c) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent.  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
23. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
24. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Optional Change of Control Redemption 
Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix/Not Applicable] 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in Condition 
6.5): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount 
is likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
28. 
Premium Payment Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(a) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[Maturity Date][ 
] 
(b) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[        ] 
(d) 
SPT Threshold: 
[   ] per cent. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
[Form:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 
60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except 
to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005. 
 
(N.B.  The exchange of a Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes upon notice/at any time options should not 
be 
expressed 
to 
be 
applicable 
if 
the 
Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000]." Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to 
any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by 
a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
32. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
of failure to pay, including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest due 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global Note 
may be required for Partly Paid issues]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
on late payment. 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
34. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of SSAB AB (publ):  
By: 
 ..................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/will be made] by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [specify 
market - note this should not be a regulated market] with 
effect from [   ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of the 
Notes are different to those stated in the Prospectus)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See / [     ], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies ("ANNA") or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN][Not 
Applicable][Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See / [     ], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies ("ANNA”) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN][Not 
Applicable][Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes 
of Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the clearing 
systems will be deemed to have been given on the 
[second] [business] day after the day on which it was given 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Notes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final 
Terms” or “Applicable Pricing Supplement” for a description of the content of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by SSAB AB (publ) (the “Issuer”) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 17 May 2022 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) or, if this Note is a 
Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Directive (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing 
Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 
2003/71/EC (as amended or superseded) and includes any relevant implementing measure in a relevant Member 
State of the European Economic Area. 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area, the applicable Final Terms will 
be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and 
otherwise in accordance with Article 14 of the Prospectus Directive.  If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder upon production of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form which are repayable in

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, 
in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
“Receiptholders” shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean 
the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant 
(such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 30 April 2015 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
“Specified Currency”) and the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement. Notes of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon 
Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, 
an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment Note, a 
Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references 
to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes that it will not, and it will procure that 
none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or 
other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon, or with respect to, the whole or any part of any of its 
present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, 
before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security 
Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(A) “Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or 
other securities which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
such indebtedness; and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(B) “Subsidiary” means, in relation to the Issuer, any company (i) in which the Issuer holds a majority of the 
voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the 
board of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer is a member and controls a majority of the voting rights, and 
includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Issuer. 
4. 
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate 
whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, whether a different interest basis applies. 
4.1 Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid 
Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation Amount in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, one cent. 
4.2 Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, each date (each such date, together 
with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, “Interest Period” 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(A) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 system) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under 
which: 
(A) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(B) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(C) the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the 
applicable Pricing Supplement the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(A) the offered quotation; or 
(B) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
NIBOR or STIBOR, in each case for the relevant currency and/or period, all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, 
in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in 
the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement 
specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest 
in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above 
is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement 
specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest 
in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above 
is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the “Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly 
Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
365; 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
D1)
 
 
(D2
 
 
M1)]
 
 
(M2
 
 
[30
 
 
 Y1)]
 
(Y2
 
 
[360
 
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 32 and D2 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
D1)
 
 
(D2
 
 
M1)]
 
 
(M2
 
 
[30
 
 
 Y1)]
 
(Y2
 
 
[360
 
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
D1)
 
 
(D2
 
 
M1)]
 
 
(M2
 
 
[30
 
 
 Y1)]
 
(Y2
 
 
[360
 
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Issuer, the Independent Adviser or the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Issuer, the Independent Adviser or the Agent in connection with the exercise or 
nonexercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser and Issuer 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then: 
(A) the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(h)(iv)), by no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date"); and 
(B) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate, and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
off Date in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(i)(A), then the Issuer (acting in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(iv)), by no later than the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to Condition 4.2(h)(i) shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Agent, any Calculation Agent, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to Condition 4.2(h)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(i)), 
determines that: 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.2(h)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 4.2(h)); or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.2(h)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.2(h)). 
(iii) Adjustment Spread 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(i), 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable (in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(i)), shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula 
or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.2(h) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, 
as applicable, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner determines (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
4.2(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
(v) 
Notices 
The Issuer will promptly notify the Agent, any Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13, the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 4.2(h). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any Calculation 
Agent, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders as of their effective date. 
(vi) Fallbacks 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 4.2(h), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b) will continue 
to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined and notified to the Agent and any Calculation Agent, in each case in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2(h), by such Interest Determination Date, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such 
determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.2(h)(vi) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) 
is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.2(h). 
(vii) Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (y) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in accordance with Condition 
4.2(h)(iii), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the case of a 
Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt 
capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(C) (if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines that neither (A) nor (B) 
above applies) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 4.2(h)(ii) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes, or if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, 
determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(h)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published or administered; or

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(B) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(1); or 
(C) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (2) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (D)(1); or 
(E) the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each 
case on or before a specified date and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (E)(1); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Issuer, the 
Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 4.2(h)(i); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in 
respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Event(s), 
such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (1) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
(2) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (3) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
4.3 Step up Option for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.3 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable (“Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Notes”).  
If a Step Up Event has occurred in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes, then for any 
Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following the first 
Reporting End Date relating to the SPT Reference Year, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) applicable to such Series of Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
The Issuer will cause:  
(a) 
the occurrence of a Step Up Event; and  
(b) 
(unless a Step Up Event has previously occurred and been notified to the Agent and the Noteholders 
as required by this Condition 4.3) the satisfaction of the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT 
Reference Year,  
as the case may be, to be notified to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence or satisfaction (as applicable) and, in respect of (b) 
only, in no event later than the relevant Reporting End Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify, in the case of a notification of the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Step Up Margin and the Step 
Up Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, a Step Up Event may only occur once during the term of a Series of 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes. The Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) will not decrease to the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin, as 
applicable, regardless of the Issuer satisfying the SPT Condition for any Reporting Year or the SPT 
Reference Year following the occurrence of a Step Up Event.  
The Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred or have 
any liability in respect thereof and it shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 4.3 without further enquiry or liability.  
As used in these Conditions:  
“2018 Baseline” means, in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e), the sum of GHG Scope 1 
Emissions and GHG Scope 2 Emissions (each term as defined below) for the financial year ended 31 
December 2018, as reported in the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, as may be recalculated in 
good faith by the Issuer to reflect any significant changes to the Group’s structure in the previous financial 
year in line with the recalculation guidelines set out in the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework, 
confirmed by the Assurance Provider in a 2018 Baseline Assurance Report and published by the Issuer in 
the relevant SLB Progress Report in accordance with the Reporting Requirements;  
“2018 Baseline Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements 
below;  
“Assurance Provider” means Ernst & Young AB or such other independent, qualified provider of third party 
assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer to review the Issuer’s statement of the KPI and, if 
applicable, the Issuer’s recalculation of the 2018 Baseline;  
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements below; 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes);  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
“Initial Margin” means, in respect of any Series of Floating Rate Notes, the Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Series of Fixed Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“KPI” means, in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e), the sum of: 
(a) 
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the Group in line with 
the GHG Protocol Standard (the “GHG Scope 1 Emissions”); and 
(b) 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of electricity, steam and heating or cooling 
purchased by the Group and used in its operations, in line with the GHG Protocol Standard (the “GHG 
Scope 2 Emissions”), calculated using the market-based method, 
in each case as calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of a financial year, confirmed by the 
Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
“Reporting End Date” means, in relation to any Reporting Year, the day falling 150 days after the last day of 
the relevant Reporting Year; 
“Reporting Requirements” means, in respect of each Reporting Year, the requirement that the Issuer publish 
on its website, and in accordance with applicable laws, by no later than the relevant Reporting End Date, (i) 
the then current 2018 Baseline and the details of any recalculation of the 2018 Baseline (if applicable), the 
KPI and the SPT Percentage for the relevant Reporting Year (the “SLB Progress Report”); (ii) an assurance 
report issued by the Assurance Provider (the “Assurance Report”, which may form part of the SLB Progress 
Report) in respect of the KPI provided in the SLB Progress Report and, (iii) in the event of any recalculation 
of the 2018 Baseline during the relevant Reporting Year, an assurance report issued by the Assurance 
Provider confirming the Issuer’s recalculation of the 2018 Baseline (the “2018 Baseline Assurance Report”, 
which may form part of the SLB Progress Report); 
“Reporting Year” means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, each financial year of the Group, 
commencing with the financial year in which the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes falls, up to and including the SPT Reference Year; 
“SLB Progress Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements above; 
“SPT Condition” means the condition that:  
(a) 
in relation to each Reporting Year, the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to such 
Reporting Year and (if applicable) the related 2018 Baseline Assurance Report have been published 
by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant 
Reporting End Date; and 
(b) 
in relation to the SPT Reference Year, the SPT Percentage, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress 
Report referred to in paragraph (a) above, was equal to or greater than the SPT Threshold, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) are not met, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of the relevant Reporting Year or the SPT Reference Year, as 
applicable; 
“SPT Percentage” means, in respect of any financial year, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole 
number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the KPI for such financial year is a reduction in comparison to 
the 2018 Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and published by the Issuer in accordance with 
the applicable Reporting Requirements; 
“SPT Reference Year” means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the financial year of the Group 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement 
as being the SPT Reference Year;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
“SPT Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as being the SPT 
Threshold; 
“Step Up Date” means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on which a Step Up Event 
occurs; 
a “Step Up Event” occurs if: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of any Reporting Year or the SPT Reference 
Year, as applicable; and  
(b) 
no Step Up Event has previously occurred in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes;  
“Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement as being the Step Up Margin;  
“Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework” means the version of the Group’s sustainability-linked finance 
framework published on the Issuer’s website as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
of Sustainability-Linked Notes; and 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes” means a Series of Notes which are Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes and/or 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes (as defined in Condition 6.10).  
4.4  Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes, where the applicable Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, NIBOR or 
STIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 4.2 shall, save 
to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating 
Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, 
respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will 
accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
4.5 Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
5. 
Payments 
5.1 Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of 
Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be in euro made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Notes and save as provided in Condition 5.4) should be presented for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Long Maturity Note in definitive form or Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less 
than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date 
is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive 
Note.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
5.3 Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A 
record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final instalment, will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant 
Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to 
which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof.   
5.5 General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect 
of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.6 Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
(iii) if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
5.7 Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(f) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(g) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.5); and 
(h) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1 Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
6.2 Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.5, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement 
to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in Condition 6.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
6.3 Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
(a) 
Issuer Call 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the 
applicable Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(b) 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued 
(other than as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 
6.3(a)), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing 
Supplement to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.4 Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
(a) 
Investor Put (other than a Change of Control Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the 
notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.4(a) shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
and, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice 
given pursuant to this Condition 6.4(a) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 9. 
(b) 
Change of Control Put 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control while 
this Note remains outstanding, the holder of this Note will have the option (the “Change of Control Put 
Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under Condition 6.2) to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to purchase or procure the purchase of this Note on the Optional 
Change of Control Redemption Date (as defined below) at the Optional Change of Control Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing 
Supplement together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest (if 
applicable) to but excluding the Optional Change of Control Redemption Date. 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if any person or group of persons acting in 
concert gains control of the Issuer, where “control” means (i) the power (whether by way of ownership 
of shares, proxy, contract, agency or otherwise) to cast, or control the casting of, more than 50 per 
cent. of the maximum number of votes that might be cast at a general meeting of the Issuer, or (ii) the 
holding beneficially (directly or indirectly) of more than 50 per cent. of the issued share capital of the 
Issuer. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
specifying the nature of the Change of Control and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 6.4(b). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period 
(the “Change of Control Put Period”) of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, a 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Change of Control Put Notice”) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 6.4(b), accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory 
to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Change of Control Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the Change of Control Put Option the holder of this Note must, 
within the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Change of Control Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 
6.4(b) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the Optional Change of Control Redemption Date, an 
Event of Default has occurred and, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.4(b) and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
The Paying Agent to which this Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will issue to the 
holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a “Change of Control Put Option Receipt”) in respect of 
this Note so delivered or, in the case of a Global Note or Note in definitive form held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notice so received. The Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the Issuer 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) each Note in respect of which a Change of Control Put Option 
Receipt has been issued on the date (the “Optional Change of Control Redemption Date”) which is the 
seventh Payment Day after the last day of the Change of Control Put Period. Payment in respect of 
any Note in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised will be 
made, if the holder duly specified a bank account to which payment is to be made in the Change of 
Control Put Notice, on the Optional Change of Control Redemption Date by transfer to that bank 
account and in every other case on or after the Optional Change of Control Redemption Date against

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such Change of Control Put 
Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 5 (as though 
references in Condition 5 to “Notes” included references to the “Change of Control Put Option 
Receipt”). 
6.5 Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) 
or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365. 
6.6 Specified redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes of Condition 
6.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date.   
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of Instalment 
Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.7 Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.8 Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.7 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.9 Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.5(b) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.10 Premium Payment Option 
This Condition 6.10 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement indicates that the Premium Payment Option is applicable 
(“Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes”).  
If a Premium Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium 
Notes, then the Issuer shall pay in respect of each relevant Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Note 
an amount equal to the Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date.  
The Issuer will cause:  
(a) 
the occurrence of a Premium Trigger Event; and  
(b) 
(unless a Premium Trigger Event has previously occurred and been notified to the Agent and the 
Noteholders as required by this Condition 6.10) the satisfaction of the SPT Condition in respect of the 
SPT Reference Year,  
as the case may be, to be notified to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence or satisfaction (as applicable) and, in respect of (b) 
only, in no event later than the relevant Reporting End Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable.  
The Premium Payment Amount shall be payable on the Premium Payment Date regardless of the Issuer 
satisfying the SPT Condition for any Reporting Year or the SPT Reference Year following the occurrence of 
a Premium Trigger Event.  
The Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Premium Trigger Event has occurred or 
have any liability in respect thereof and it shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.10 without further enquiry or liability.  
As used in these Conditions:  
“Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Premium Payment Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
a “Premium Trigger Event” occurs if: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of any Reporting Year or the SPT Reference 
Year, as applicable; and 
(b) 
no Premium Trigger Event has previously occurred in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Redemption Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 5.6). 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is 
duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or any Talon which would 
be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in respect of 
the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal 
and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and (except in 
any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by 
a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however 
described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period); (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of 
its Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it 
in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, provided that no event 
described in this subparagraph 9(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when 
aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other 
liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above which have 
occurred and are continuing, amounts to at least €30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); 
or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution is passed for the winding up or dissolution of 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a 
substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its 
debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or an application is 
made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, and (ii) in any such case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator or an administrative receiver appointed following presentation of a petition for an 
administration order) unless initiated by the relevant company, is not discharged within 40 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries (or their respective directors or shareholders) initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, 
its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal 
for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon 
the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon 
the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest 
(if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
(A) “Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
securities or any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; 
and 
(B) a “Principal Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
whose gross revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent in 
each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not 
less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, 
consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries, provided that, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the 
financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the 
financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be 
deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in 
such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed 
appropriate by the Issuer, as certified by two directors of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, provided that 
the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (ii) on the 
date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time 
after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (i) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition; or 
(iii) to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or assets of 
the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being acquired after 
the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries relate, generate gross revenues equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated 
gross revenues of the Issuer, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (i) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a 
Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary unless 
immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, 
generate gross revenues equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues of the 
Issuer, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as 
referred to in subparagraph (i) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal 
Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (iii) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been 
prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a 
Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (i) above or, prior to or 
after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition,  
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
A report by two Directors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not 
at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of manifest 
or proven error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
10. Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
11. Paying Agents 
The Paying Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe other than the Kingdom of 
Sweden. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 5.4. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying 
Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted 
or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent. 
12. Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made 
in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes 
are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place 
or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on such day as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of 
any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use 
of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by 
the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less 
than two-thirds of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at 
any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
15. Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same 
in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which 
interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes. 
16. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
17. Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
17.1 Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with them, are be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
17.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons 
(including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with 
them) and the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the extent permitted by law, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to 
as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons against 
the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
17.3 Appointment of process agent 
The Issuer appoints SSAB Swedish Steel Limited at its registered office at Unit 17 Narrowboat Way, Hurst 
Business Park, Brierley Hill, West Midlands DY5 1UF, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, and 
undertakes that, in the event of SSAB Swedish Steel Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.  
17.4 Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which 
include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT SSAB 
Business 
Overview 
SSAB is a supplier of advanced high-strength steels (“AHSS”) and quenched and tempered steels (“Q&T”) 
globally, strip, plate and tubular products and construction solutions in the European Economic Area and heavy 
plate, quenched and tempered plate and commercial plate and strip products in North America. 
Customer segments served by SSAB include heavy transport, automotive, material handling (including mining), 
construction machinery (including lifting), energy, construction, protection and tooling. In what SSAB regards as its 
domestic markets, the Nordic region and North America, standard steels are, to a large extent, sold to steel 
service centres and distributors. 
Main production facilities are located in Sweden, Finland and the United States with a combined annual steel 
production capacity of approximately 8.8 million tonnes in 2021. SSAB also has smaller production sites and steel 
service centres located around the world. These facilities include a finishing line in Shanghai for customers in Asia, 
and steel service centres in the Nordic countries and Baltic states. 
SSAB’s operations are divided between three divisions, SSAB Special Steels, SSAB Europe and SSAB Americas, 
and two subsidiaries, Tibnor and Ruukki Construction. 
 
SSAB’s special steels division (“SSAB Special Steels”) has global responsibility for the marketing and 
sale of high-strength steels, including all of SSAB’s Q&T and hot-rolled AHSS with yield strengths from 
690 megapascals (“MPa”) and above. For the year ended 31 December 2021, 24 per cent. of SSAB’s 
revenue were derived from SSAB Special Steels. 
 
The SSAB Europe division (“SSAB Europe”) is responsible for strip, plate and tubular products in Europe 
and for the automotive segment globally and includes four main European production facilities located in 
Sweden and Finland. For the year ended 31 December 2021, 36 per cent. of SSAB’s revenue were 
derived from SSAB Europe. 
 
The SSAB’s Americas division (“SSAB Americas”) comprises SSAB’s operations in North and Latin 
America, including two main production facilities in the United States. SSAB Americas produces heavy 
plate, quenched and tempered plate, and commercial plate. For the year ended 31 December 2021, 
21 per cent. of SSAB’s revenue were derived from SSAB Americas. 
 
SSAB’s subsidiary Tibnor AB (“Tibnor”) is responsible for SSAB’s steel distribution operations in the 
Nordic and Baltic regions. For the year ended 31 December 2021, 13 per cent. of SSAB’s revenue were 
derived from Tibnor. 
 
Ruukki Construction Oy (“Ruukki Construction”), a European provider of energy efficient building and 
construction solutions. For the year ended 31 December 2021, 6 per cent. of SSAB’s revenue were 
derived from Ruukki Construction. 
SSAB had revenue of SEK 96 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to SEK 65 billion for the 
year ended 31 December 2020, and total steel shipments of approximately 6.9 million tonnes for the year ended 
31 December 2021 compared to 6.5 million tonnes for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Strategy 
SSAB’s strategy is to strengthen its leading position in high-strength steels both globally and in its home-markets, 
and as a leading provider of value-added services, as well as becoming first in fossil-free steel. The key elements 
of SSAB’s business strategy are: 
First in fossil-free steel 
SSAB is undertaking a strategic roadmap to become the world’s first steel company to deliver iron ore-based 
fossil-free steel to the market in 2026. This includes an active leadership role in the HYBRIT (Hydrogen 
Breakthrough Ironmaking Technology) joint venture initiative with LKAB and Vattenfall, which will allow SSAB to

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
create a first-mover advantage, share risks and competences with partners and secure critical inputs (pellet and 
power). The target is to be fossil free as a company by 2045. The HYBRIT pilot plant in Luleå, Sweden was 
inaugurated in August 2020, and work is underway on building an underground hydrogen storage pilot facility 
adjoining the Luleå plant, which will be operational from 2022. The planning for a large-scale demonstration plant 
in Gällivare is also ongoing, with the target of commencing production in 2026, with an expected production 
capacity of approximately 1.3 million tonnes of fossil-free sponge iron. Conversion to fossil-free steel production in 
Oxelösund using an electric arc furnace is also expected to go into production in 2025, and the world’s first fossil-
free steel was rolled at SSAB’s production site in Oxelösund and delivered to the Volvo Group as part of a trial 
delivery in 2021. This should enable SSAB to help to reduce its customers’ climate impact while strengthening 
their competitiveness. 
Achieving global leadership in high-strength steels 
SSAB’s target is to be the global leader in the Q&T and targeted AHSS segments. Management believes that 
SSAB is well positioned to take advantage of opportunities in the high-strength steels market due to its portfolio of 
recognisable brands, specialised product range and the existing capacity of its production facilities.  
Management sees the following areas as the basis for future growth of SSAB: 
(i) 
Focusing on brand and sales channel strategy – SSAB will continue to maximize market presence in 
different channels by leveraging its established brands while developing new brands through the support 
of its brand programmes, “Hardox in My Body” and “My Inner Strenx”, which provide marketing and 
technical support as well as innovative design methods. 
(ii) 
Continued research and development (“R&D”) in products and applications – SSAB will continue to focus 
on R&D to expand its offering of high-strength products, streamline its production processes and enable it 
to increase customer input into its products. 
(iii) 
Penetration in new markets – SSAB will target growth in emerging markets, including Africa, the Middle 
East, Latin America and Asia, where the use of high-strength steels is relatively low and opportunities will 
develop as potential customers upgrade their steel usage from standard to high-strength steels. 
(iv) 
Concentration on the automotive market – SSAB intends to leverage its existing strong position in the 
AHSS-markets for certain safety-related components to take advantage of continuing trends in higher 
safety standards and lighter weight products to grow its sales in this area. 
Leading home-market positions 
The Nordic and North American home markets remain the foundation for SSAB to build further offerings. SSAB 
aims to strengthen its home market positions in the coming years. 
In the Nordic region, SSAB aims to maintain its market leadership with a Nordic market share of 40 to 45 per cent., 
by serving the region’s leading Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”) and distributors as well as smaller 
customers. This will be helped by growth in SSAB’s own channels, including the metal distribution company Tibnor 
and the steel construction products company Ruukki Construction, and also in partnership with customers and 
external steel distributors. SSAB Europe also aims to increase the share of premium products to 46 per cent. of 
total shipments by 2023 (2021: 43 per cent.). This includes growing premium offerings like Automotive premium, 
GreenCoat, SSAB Laser, SSAB Boron and SSAB Form. The goal is to reduce less profitable product volumes, 
especially standard products outside of the Nordics. 
SSAB is the market leader in heavy plate in North America, and in recent years has been able to further 
strengthen its market leadership against local competitors and imports. Moving forward, SSAB aims to grow its 
share of premium products in the North American market, as well as increase its share of sales to OEM’s and 
other end-users.  
Providing leading value-added services to customers 
By providing advice to customers at an early stage in the product development process, SSAB’s technical experts 
contribute knowledge as to how the qualities of high-strength steels can be utilised in an efficient manner to create 
new, innovative solutions and applications. The development takes place in close cooperation with customers,

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
either at the customer’s site or at one of SSAB’s research centres. SSAB can tailor steel shipments to the 
customer’s needs through such services as cutting to size, painting or figure cutting, so that they can be used 
directly in the customer’s production process. 
Management believes that such value-added services help to distinguish SSAB from the competition and are a 
key component of its strategy, supporting and enhancing its initiatives in its home markets and high-strength 
steels. The business unit SSAB Services is one way in which it has increased focus on service and the after-
market business. SSAB Services includes the Wear Services and the Shape businesses, and is reported as part 
of SSAB Special Steels.  
SSAB has defined three main focus areas in value-added services strategy as follows: 
Expanding Wear Services and the Hardox Wearparts network 
SSAB Wear Services sells Hardox-branded wear plate to the Hardox Wearparts Network, which comprises over 
550 member companies globally as at the date of this Prospectus. These centres provide replacement parts and 
services to end customers in the mining, recycling, quarrying, cement and agriculture sectors.  
Expanding SSAB Shape services in selected markets 
SSAB Shape, which offers steel-processing services for OEMs and their sub-suppliers, will also have its 
operations extended. This initiative provides the potential for joint investment and will help to enable the adoption 
of high-strength steels in selected emerging markets.  
Growing stock sales globally 
SSAB aims to grow its distribution services business. SSAB operates its own global stock network and can supply 
high-strength steels to the end-user market with short lead times. Through more focus on sales and improved 
availability, SSAB intends to grow its share of stock shipments as a way of increasing the value of steel shipments 
to its customers.  
Most flexible operations 
To outperform peers and achieve industry-leading profitability in the coming years, SSAB aims to continue to focus 
on efficiency, flexible operations and utilisation of the global production system, and to convert to fossil-free 
steelmaking. In the short term, SSAB will also continue to run its continuous improvement programme with annual 
target-setting powered by the SSAB One management philosophy. The aim of the programme is to deliver 
productivity gains every year by involving all employees in improvement activities and thus secure SSAB with 
leading cost positions across its home markets. SSAB has a flexible production setup, with the ability to produce 
high-strength steels at several mills. The Group will also focus on digitally enabled improvement initiatives. The 
aim of the work with continuous improvement is to raise productivity and allow for growing production volume in 
existing facilities. This will also mean that SSAB has the potential to be more resilient in weak business cycles. 
High-performing organization 
To achieve its ambitious strategy targets, SSAB will continue developing its high-performing organization to 
support a decentralized operating model characterized by accountability and entrepreneurship. SSAB has three 
main priorities toward achieving a high-performing organisation: 
 
To be the safest steel company in the world. This will be achieved through an increased focus on 
fundamental work safety at all sites. 
 
To leverage its management philosophy, SSAB One, to enhance productivity through continuous 
improvement and employee engagement. 
 
To embrace diversity and continue strengthening its leadership capabilities and performance culture by 
cascading strategy and goal alignment to all levels. 
Superior customer experience 
SSAB’s strategy is to go further than anyone else to offer customers a superior customer experience. SSAB 
strives for competitive lead-times and, by introducing new digital services as well as knowledge services and brand 
packages, strives to maintain its position as the preferred supplier, measured through customer surveys. This

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
includes, for instance, focus on quality, lead-times, delivery performance and sales responsiveness. To remain at 
the forefront, SSAB will continue to invest in technical support and joint innovation initiatives to help customers to 
get the best out of SSAB’s high-strength steels. Combined with leading brands and customer brand programmes 
like “Hardox In My Body” and “My Inner Strenx”, SSAB aims to further strengthen customer partnerships. 
History 
SSAB traces its history to three Swedish steel works, Domnarvets Järnverk in Borlänge (established in 1878), 
Oxelösund Järnverk in Oxelösund (established in 1913) and Norrbottens Järnverk AB in Luleå (established in 
1940). All three steel works were in financial crisis in 1977 and, in accordance with a decision by the Swedish 
Parliament, they were merged to form the Company with the Swedish State as the sole owner. The Company 
commenced operations on 1 January 1978. 
Between 1978 and 1981, SSAB implemented an extensive restructuring plan with the goal of creating a profitable 
carbon steel company with a broad product range and focus on the Nordic market. In order to strengthen its 
position in the Swedish steel market, SSAB acquired a majority share in Tibnor, which was then a distributor of 
steel and non-ferrous metals in the Nordic region, in 1979. The restructuring contributed to 1982 being SSAB’s first 
profitable year. In 1982, SSAB also inaugurated a new hot strip rolling mill in Borlänge, Sweden. 
Between 1987 and 1988, SSAB streamlined its product range to cover flat products and production of scrap metal-
based steel products was discontinued. SSAB reorganised its operations into two companies focusing on sheet 
and plate, respectively. The Company’s shares were listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange (currently NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB) in 1989 and the Swedish State sold the remainder of its direct ownership interest in the Company 
in 1994. 
In the 1990s, SSAB developed its steel operations to increasingly focus on niche areas within high-strength steels, 
advanced high-strength strip steels and quenched and tempered plate. Towards the end of the 1990s, SSAB 
invested in significantly increasing its production capacity of these core niche products. 
In 2007, SSAB acquired the North American steel group IPSCO, a supplier of plate and tubular products with 
facilities in the United States and Canada. SSAB divested IPSCO’s tubular business in 2008 as part of its strategy 
to focus on its core niche high-strength steel products. IPSCO was, in terms of volume, the largest plate producer 
in North America. 
In 2011, SSAB acquired Outokumpu Stainless AB’s 15 per cent. minority shareholding in Tibnor, the Swedish steel 
distribution company, after which Tibnor became a wholly owned subsidiary of SSAB. 
In July 2014, SSAB merged with Finnish steel group, Rautaruukki Oyj, a supplier of plate, strip and tubular 
products with facilities in Finland and a sales network throughout the world, with a view to creating a more 
competitive company with a broader production base in the Nordic region, by increasing production flexibility and 
cost effectiveness. 
SSAB’s Business Operations 
Overview 
SSAB is a supplier of AHSS and Q&T globally, strip, plate and tubular products and construction solutions in the 
European Economic Area and heavy plate, quenched and tempered plate and commercial plate products in North 
America. With an extensive network of local service centres around the world, SSAB provides prefabrication and 
steel processing services to its customers. 
SSAB’s main production facilities are located in Sweden, Finland and the United States with a combined annual 
steel production capacity of approximately 8.8 million tonnes. SSAB also has smaller production sites and steel 
service centres located around the world. These facilities include a finishing line in Shanghai for customers in Asia, 
and steel service centres in the Nordic countries and Baltic states. 
The following table sets forth SSAB’s sales, operating profit, production and shipments for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Sales, SEK in millions.……………………………………………………….. 
95,891 
65,396

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Operating profit/loss (excluding items affecting comparability), SEK in 
millions.………………………………………………………………………… 
18,837 
-325 
Crude steel production, tonnes in thousands.…………………………....... 
8,179 
7,535 
Rolling production, tonnes in thousands.…………………………………… 
7,568 
6,937 
Steel shipments, tonnes in thousands.…………………………………....... 
6,921 
6,459 
 
The following table sets forth SSAB’s external revenue by geography for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(audited) 
 
(SEK in millions) 
USA…………………………………………………………………………... 
23,540 
15,704 
 
Sweden………………………………………………………………............ 
15,261 
10,059 
 
Finland……………………………………………………………................ 
9,642 
6,687 
 
Germany…………………....................................................................... 
3,871 
3,125 
 
Norway................................................................................................... 
3,231 
2,396 
 
Other………………………………………………………………………..... 
40,346 
27,425 
 
Total sales………………………………………………………………….. 
95,891 
65,396 
 
 
SSAB sells the majority of its niche products to end customers and the larger part of its standard steels to steel 
service centres. SSAB’s main customer segments are heavy transport, automotive, material handling including 
mining, construction machinery including lifting, energy, construction, protection and tooling. 
SSAB’s operations are divided across three steel divisions: SSAB Special Steels, SSAB Europe and SSAB 
Americas, and two subsidiaries: Tibnor and Ruukki Construction. Each division operates independently and has its 
own organisations for sales and distribution, finance, and human resources. Tibnor and Ruukki Construction are 
operated as independent subsidiaries by their respective boards and act at arm’s length in relation to SSAB. 
Divisions and subsidiaries 
SSAB Special Steels 
SSAB Special Steels has global responsibility for the marketing and sale of high-strength steels, including all 
SSAB’s Q&T and hot-rolled AHSS with yield strengths from 690 MPa and above. These products can further be 
divided into structural high-strength steels, wear-resistant steels, protection steels and tool steels. SSAB Special 
Steel’s products are intended to enable customers to design lighter, stronger and more durable products. 
SSAB Special Steels has an extensive service offering including engineering and processing services, knowledge 
service centres, as well as a global network of distribution centres with steel stocks, and centres for aftermarket 
services.  
SSAB Special Steels is responsible for steel and rolling production in Oxelösund (Sweden) and Mobile, Alabama 
(USA), as well as for the sales of high strength steels produced in, Raahe (Finland) and Borlänge (Sweden).  
The Special Steels division also includes Abraservice, which provides value-adding services and distribution of 
high-strength 
steel 
and 
abrasion-resistant 
products. 
SSAB Special Steels’ primary end customer segments are manufacturers of machines and equipment in 
construction, mining, materials handling, heavy transport and lifting equipment. 
The division’s sales represented 24 per cent. of the total revenue of SSAB in 2021. 
Products: 
SSAB Special Steels’ products include the following product lines, each of which has its own unique 
characteristics and target applications, and comes in a range of grades and dimensions: 
 
Hardox is a global brand of wear steels designed for maximum payload and longer service life.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
Strenx, SSAB’s high-strength structural steel product brand, offers an extensive portfolio of high-strength 
steels, with yield strengths ranging from 600 MPa to 1300 MPa, which is the strongest structural steel 
available on the market. 
 
Raex is a wear resistant steel with both good welding and forming properties. 
 
Toolox is the hardest prehardened tool steel in the world, supplied as Q&T plate or round bars. 
 
Armox and Ramor are protection steels designed for the protection of life and property. 
SSAB Services: 
 
As a business, SSAB Services focuses on providing services to heavy transport machine builders and the after-
market business. SSAB Services is reported as part of SSAB Special Steels and aims to develop the Hardox 
Wearparts network and to facilitate the usage of high-strength steels by further promoting the SSAB Shape 
concept. Hardox Wearparts is a network of companies for the production of wear parts and just-in-time repair 
services to end-users. Its network is represented across more than 80 countries and consists of more than  550 
companies, 16 of which SSAB has an ownership interest in. Hardox Wearparts provide spare parts and advice to 
the local aftermarket in, for example, the mining, quarrying, infrastructure, construction, steel, agriculture and 
recycling sectors. 
SSAB Shape combines premium steel products with engineering and processing services offered through SSAB’s 
own Shape Centers and an independent worldwide network of plate processing suppliers. This is how SSAB 
facilitates the use of AHSS to its end-users so they are in position to take full advantage of SSAB’s product 
performance. 
SSAB Services has a target to increase sales to SEK 4.5 billion during 2023 through a combination of organic 
growth and acquisitions, compared to SEK 2.4 billion in 2021. 
SSAB Europe 
SSAB Europe is a leading premium producer of high quality steel strip, plate and tubular products in the Nordic 
region.  
SSAB Europe’s main production sites are in Raahe and Hämeenlinna in Finland, and in Luleå and Borlänge in 
Sweden. Production is based on integrated blast furnace processes. Other production sites of smaller scale 
include Finspång (Sweden) and Kankaanpää (Finland). The division also has tube production in Hämeenlinna, 
Lappohja, Oulainen, Pulkkila and Toijala (Finland), as well as processing sites in the Netherlands, Norway, Italy, 
Poland, Sweden and the UK. As at 31 December 2021, SSAB Europe’s steel mills have an annual production 
capacity of approximately 4.9 million tonnes of crude steel. For more information on SSAB Europe’s production 
facilities, see “—Production Facilities” below. 
 
SSAB Europe’s primary end customer segments are automotive, building construction & infrastructure, industrial 
applications, heavy transportation (incl. marine), energy, construction machinery and service centres. 
 
SSAB Europe’s sales represented 36 per cent. of the total revenue of SSAB in 2021. 
Products and services: 
SSAB Europe has a broad product offering through internationally well-known product brands. Yield strength 
classes of hot-rolled products up to, but excluding 690 MPa. Cold-rolled and galvanized products range from 200 
to 1,700 MPa. 
The full range of products includes the following: 
 
Hot-rolled plate products; 
 
Hot-rolled strip products; 
 
Cold-rolled strip products; 
 
Metal-coated strip products;

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
Colour-coated strip products; 
 
Tubes and sections; and 
 
Infrastructure products. 
SSAB Europe’s setup enables, over time, high availability, short delivery times, advanced logistics services with 
high delivery performance and a high degree of flexibility to meet customer needs, particularly in the Nordic region. 
The Nordic region home market is core to SSAB Europe’s strategy and the goal is to continue developing this 
market by focusing on product offerings while maintaining the division’s reputation for reliability and quality. 
Another important strategic focus area is the continued focus on mix improvement including premium products and 
value adding sales. In premium products, SSAB Europe continues to focus on the global automotive industry and 
to grow in other selected areas of application (e.g. construction) with unique, premium steel products promoting 
sustainable solutions. 
SSAB Americas 
SSAB Americas is a leading producer and supplier of steel plate in North America. It produces heavy plate, 
quenched & tempered plate and commercial plate.  
SSAB Americas’ steel mills are located in Mobile, Alabama and Montpelier, Iowa. Both mills use a scrap-based, 
electric arc furnace method to produce steel. As at 31 December 2021, SSAB Americas had an annual production 
capacity of approximately 2.5 million tonnes of crude steel. For more information on SSAB Americas’ production 
facilities, see “—Production Facilities” below. 
SSAB Iowa has a research and development facility adjacent to the steel mill. SSAB Alabama has Q&T lines with 
a capacity to produce 300,000 tonnes of quenched & tempered heavy plate a year. In addition to the two steel 
mills, SSAB Americas operates three cut-to-length facilities located in Houston, Texas and St. Paul, Minnesota in 
the United States; and Toronto, Ontario in Canada. 
 
SSAB Americas’ key customer segments include energy, heavy transport, construction, infrastructure and 
construction equipment. 
 
SSAB America’s sales represented 21 per cent. of the total revenue of SSAB in 2021. 
Products: 
SSAB Americas manufactures a wide range of quality steel products, including Q&T, that are used in various 
industries. SSAB Americas sells products both directly to end customers and to steel service centres. 
Its products in heavy plate include: 
 
Heavy plate coils; 
 
Heat-treated heavy plate; and  
 
Normalised plate.  
Tibnor 
Tibnor, a wholly owned subsidiary of SSAB, is a supplier of steel and non-ferrous metals to industrial companies in 
the Nordic and Baltic regions. Its offering includes a complete range of steel and non-ferrous products and related 
services. This represents products produced by SSAB entities as well as other producers. SSAB’s products 
represented approximately 50 per cent. of Tibnor’s sales for the twelve months ended 31 December 2021. Other 
producers’ commercial and special steel products distributed by Tibnor include engineering steel and long 
products, such as beams, merchant bars and hollow sections used for construction purposes, as well as 
reinforcement bars for the building industry.  
In addition, Tibnor’s production units process products before delivery to the customer. This means that customers 
do not need to deal with preparatory manufacturing operations and they can use the material supplied directly in 
their core processes. Tibnor can process all product groups that it supplies to the market. Tibnor operates 
processing and storage facilities in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Latvia.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
The stock and processing business accounts for about 80 per cent. of sales, with direct mill supplies accounting 
for the remaining 20 per cent. 
Tibnor’s main customer segments are subcontracting, engineering, automotive (including commercial vehicles) 
and construction. Tibnor has approximately 10,000 customers in the Nordic and Baltic regions. Tibnor has a strong 
presence in the Nordic region. Tibnor had a market share of approximately 25 per cent. of the Nordic distribution 
market in 2021 in terms of sales volumes. 
During 2021, Tibnor AB acquired 100% of the shares in Handelsstålgruppen i Sverige AB. The purchase price 
amounted to SEK 24 million and fair value of the acquired net assets amounted to SEK 24 million. During the 
second quarter of 2021, SSAB acquired the assets of Astralloy Steel Products, Inc. The purchase price amounted 
SEK 9 million. As the assets fair value were higher than the purchase price, a negative goodwill of SEK 27 million 
has been reported as Other operating income in the Consolidated statement of profit and loss. The two 
acquisitions affected the Group’s cash and cash equivalents with SEK 33 million. 
Tibnor’s sales represented 13 per cent. of the total revenue of SSAB in 2021. 
 
Ruukki Construction 
Ruukki Construction is a European provider of energy efficient building and construction solutions. Ruukki 
Construction’s product and service portfolio extends from design to delivery of products such as steel frames, 
sandwich panels for walls, as well as profiled products including load-bearing sheets and roofing products for 
residential construction. 
Its product and services portfolio covers: 
 
Steel roofs, rainwater systems and accessories for residential construction; 
 
Building components such as sandwich panels, load-bearing sheets and façade claddings for non-
residential construction; and 
 
Frame solutions used in non-residential buildings. 
Ruukki Construction also focuses on energy-efficient products and solutions as a growth area, as well as 
environmental sustainability. 
The business of Ruukki Construction is primarily concentrated in the Nordic region and Central and Eastern 
Europe, with strong brands in each of these areas in both residential and commercial construction. Ruukki 
Construction’s customers operate in many activities across many countries. The most important decision-making 
groups are: architects and structural designers, main contractors and installation companies, real estate owners 
and developers, residential roofing dealers and tin smiths and house owners. 
Ruukki Construction’s sales represented 6 per cent. of the total revenue of SSAB in 2021. 
Competition 
SSAB’s primary competitors for Q&T plate in Europe include ThyssenKrupp AG (“ThyssenKrupp”), AG der 
Dillinger Hüttenwerke (“Dillinger”), NLMK Clabecq S.A., Voestalpine AG (“Voestalpine”), ArcelorMittal S.A. 
(“ArcelorMittal”) and Tata Steel Europe. SSAB’s primary European competitors for strip products vary by market 
and include ArcelorMittal, Dillinger, Salzgitter AG, ThyssenKrupp, Tata Steel Europe and Voestalpine. SSAB’s 
primary competitors in the United States include Nucor Corporation, ArcelorMittal and Evraz plc and SSAB 
primarily competes with Essar Steel Limited ("Essar") in Canada. In Latin America, SSAB primarily competes with 
local producers such as Usiminas S.A. and imported products from suppliers such as JFE Steel Corporation 
(“JFE”) and ThyssenKrupp. SSAB’s primary competitors in the Asia-Pacific region include both local and European 
steel producers. Local steel producers include the Japanese companies JFE and Nippon Steel & Sumimoto Metal 
Corporation, the South Korean company POSCO, and the Chinese companies Baosteel Group co. Ltd., Hebei 
Metals and Mineral Corporation Limited, Nanjing Iron & Steel United Co., Ltd and Wuhan Iron and Steel (Group) 
Corporation as well as the Australian company Bisalloy Steel Group Limited and the Indian company Essar. 
Tibnor’s primary competitors include BE Group AB, Stena Stål, Norsk Stål and Kontino, as well as a number of 
companies (independent or owned by foreign producers) with a narrow product focus and other steel service 
centres. Ruukki Construction’s competitors include companies such as Kingspan, Paroc, Lindab, Areco, the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
construction businesses of steel companies, small, local companies and alternative construction materials 
producers. 
Production Facilities 
Overview 
The following table sets forth SSAB’s main production facilities as at the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Location 
Type of plant 
Products 
Luleå, Sweden.…………………........... 
Blast furnace 
Slabs 
 
Coke plant 
Coke 
 
Steelworks 
 
Raahe, Finland.………………………… 
Coke plant 
Blast furnaces 
Steelworks 
Hot strip rolling mill finishing lines (cut to length and slitting) 
Hot plate rolling mill Direct quenching and tempering 
Heavy plates and 
strip products  
Hämeenlinna, Finland.………………. 
Cold rolling  
Colour coating  
Hot dip galvanising lines  
Tube mill 
Strip products and 
tubes 
Borlänge, Sweden.…………………… 
Hot rolling  
Hot rolled sheet 
 
Cold rolling 
Cold rolled sheet 
 
Finishing 
Sheet 
 
Quenching 
Quenched steel 
Oxelösund, Sweden.…………………. 
Blast furnaces 
Slabs 
 
Coke plant 
Coke 
 
Steelworks 
 
 
Rolling mill 
Plates 
 
Quenching and tempering  
Quenched steel 
Mobile, Alabama, United States......... 
Electric arc furnace 
Slabs 
 
Steckel mill 
Plates 
 
Quenching 
Quenched steel 
Montpelier, Iowa, United States…….. 
Electric 
arc 
furnace 
Steckel mill 
Slabs 
Plates 
All of SSAB’s production facilities are owned directly or indirectly by SSAB and none of them are subject to any 
material encumbrances. 
Sales and Distribution Network 
SSAB sales’ organisation is mainly structured geographically. Each of SSAB Europe and SSAB Americas 
business areas is responsible for its profit and loss, and has its own sales organisation that is further divided into 
regions. Some sales representatives are more dedicated towards a specific product and/or service offering. This is 
locally adapted depending on customer segment mix and market demand. The organisation also offers local 
technical sales support. 
SSAB’s distribution network consists of stock facilities on six continents, with Tibnor being one of the most 
important distributors in the Nordic region. SSAB also offers finishing services such as cutting, shot-blasting and 
other value added services. In addition, SSAB has Hardox Wearparts, an international network of Hardox-certified 
repair shops for companies producing wear parts made of Hardox wear plates. Hardox Wearparts offers 
customers custom finishing services for Hardox products, including bending, drilling, cutting, welding and milling. 
Raw Materials and Energy 
Raw material prices are important drivers in the steel industry and fluctuations can have a substantial impact on 
companies in the steel industry. 
Iron ore and metallurgical coal are the main raw materials required for SSAB’s steel production operations in 
Sweden and Finland. SSAB’s raw materials are commodities that are priced on the world market and the prices, 
which are primarily quoted in U.S. dollars, are highly sensitive to the steel business cycle. Scrap metal is the most 
important raw material for SSAB’s steel production in the United States.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Metallurgical coal is an essential reduction agent for removing oxygen from iron ore and is also an important 
energy source for SSAB’s steel production operations in Sweden and Finland. Electricity, propane, liquefied 
natural gas and oil are also important sources of energy for SSAB’s operations in the Nordics. SSAB’s operations 
in the United States primarily use electricity and natural gas as energy sources. 
Each of SSAB’s business areas is responsible for its own energy and supply procurement. However, whenever 
deemed more efficient for commonly used commodities, purchasing is coordinated globally. Examples of 
commodity purchasing on a group-wide level include refractory services and materials as well as alloys.  
SSAB sources most of its iron ore from LKAB in Sweden, but also some from Severstal in Russia. SSAB sources 
coking coal from Australia, the USA and Canada. Injection coal is primarily sourced from Russia. SSAB’s United 
States operations regularly purchase scrap metal as a raw material for their production. 
Research and Development 
Research and development activities are focusing on areas that aim at increasing the profitability of SSAB. Close 
collaboration with strategic customers and customer segments provide conditions for a market-driven product 
development that creates increased value for the end-customers. This is particularly evident for SSAB’s high-
strength steels, where technical customer support is an important part of research and development. Continuous 
work is also carried out with the development of processes for increased cost efficiency, sustainable processes 
and energy conservation.  
Group Legal Structure and Significant Subsidiaries 
SSAB AB (publ) is a limited liability company incorporated under the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) and is 
registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office under registration number 556016-3429. Aktiebolaget 
Nordsvenska Malmfält was formed on 5 October 1918 and was registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office on 18 October 1918. Aktiebolaget Nordsvenska Malmfält changed its business name to SSAB 
Svenskt Stål Aktiebolag on 28 December 1977 and its current business name was registered on 21 April 2009. 
SSAB’s registered office is located at P.O. Box 70, SE-101 21, Stockholm, Sweden, and its telephone number is 
+46 (8) 45 45 700. SSAB AB (publ) is the parent company of the SSAB group of companies. 
The following table sets forth the significant subsidiaries that SSAB AB (publ) owned, directly or indirectly, as at 31 
December 2021: 
 
Country 
Group 
holding 
 
 
(per cent.) 
SSAB EMEA AB.……………………………………………………………………………………… 
Sweden 
100 
Tibnor AB.……………………………………………………………………………………………… 
Sweden 
100 
SSAB US Holding Inc..……………………………………………………………………………….. 
United States 
100 
SSAB Alabama Inc..………………………………………………………………………………….. 
United States 
100 
Rautaruukki Oyj..……………………………………………………………………………………… 
Finland 
100 
SSAB Finance Ireland.……………………………………………………………………………….. 
Ireland 
100 
Employees 
The following table sets forth the number of employees by business area as at the date indicated: 
 
31 December 
2021 
 
SSAB Europe.………………………………………………………………………………………………………...... 
6,705 
SSAB Americas.……………………………………………………………………………………………………...... 
644 
SSAB Special Steels.………………………………………………………………………………………………….. 
3,922 
Tibnor …………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
1,007 
Ruukki Construction.…………………………………………………………………………………………………... 
1,403 
Other.……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
554 
Total.……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
14,235 
As at 31 December 2021, SSAB had 14,235 employees. 
SSAB believes that its relationships with its employees and labour unions are good. Applicable legislation in 
certain key countries in which SSAB operates restricts keeping records of union participation. The majority of

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
SSAB’s employees in Sweden and Finland are represented by labour unions (approximately 75 per cent. of the 
total number of employees as at 31 December 2021). Other countries have different arrangements according to 
country-specific practices, traditions and labour legislation. Additionally, SSAB is bound by various industry 
specific collective bargaining agreements through its membership in the employer organisation. 
SSAB is committed to providing a safe working environment for its employees, subcontractors and suppliers at 
SSAB’s production sites and other facilities. SSAB’s objective is to ensure that no accidents, or work-related 
injuries or illnesses occur. 
To improve safety performance, SSAB has established a company-wide safety expert group and safety 
management team. The safety management team consists of senior management of operations from each of 
SSAB’s divisions, Tibnor and Ruukki Construction. The safety management team is the decision-making body on 
safety issues relevant to SSAB. The team is also responsible for promoting a positive safety culture within SSAB. 
The main objective of the safety expert group is to share information on divisional safety programmes, achieved 
results, best practices, information on serious incidents, and recommendations on preventive actions. SSAB also 
prepares group-wide safety initiatives to be decided in the safety management team. SSAB´s safety management 
system fulfils the requirements of international standard OHSAS 18001. In 2021, SSAB’s lost time injury frequency 
resulting in an absence of more than one day was 1.8 and there were a total of 48 injuries. 
Insurance 
SSAB’s management believes that SSAB and its subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage that reflects the 
requirements and the size of the parent company, business areas and subsidiaries concerned. Historically, SSAB 
has maintained insurance on its property in amounts and risk retention levels that SSAB’s management believes 
to be consistent with industry practices. Insurable risks within the scope of SSAB’s property and liability insurance 
coverage are analysed annually together with insurance companies and insurance brokers. SSAB’s insurance 
policies cover physical loss or damage to its property and equipment on a reinstatement basis arising from a 
number of specified risks and certain consequential losses, including business interruption arising from the 
occurrence of an insured event under these policies. SSAB holds liability insurance covering damage to third 
parties.  
SSAB has also maintained various other types of insurance, such as general and products liability insurance, 
directors and officers liability insurance, transport and marine cargo insurance, other customary policies such as 
commercial crime insurance, corporate business travel insurance and expatriates’ insurance. In addition, SSAB 
maintains various local insurance policies that are mandatory at the local or national level, such as employer 
liability, workers compensation and auto liability insurance, and specific insurance policies covering compliance 
with local regulations. 
Intellectual Property 
SSAB seeks to protect its innovations by obtaining appropriate intellectual property protection and maintaining and 
enforcing its existing key intellectual property rights. SSAB relies on trade secret, trademark, patent and design 
laws and on confidentiality agreements to protect its products, proprietary technology and know-how. See also 
“Risk Factors — Risks Relating to SSAB and the Steel Industry — Failure to protect intellectual property rights 
could have a material adverse effect on SSAB’s competitiveness as well as on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations”. 
SSAB selectively grants licences to its trademarks, patents and designs to members of its brand programmes.  
While intellectual property rights are important to SSAB, SSAB is not dependent on any individual patent, 
trademark or licence. 
Material Contracts 
There are no pending contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) that are, or 
may be, material and that have been entered into by any member of the SSAB group during the two years 
immediately preceding the date of this Prospectus or that contain any provision under that any member of the 
SSAB group has any obligation or entitlement which is material to the SSAB group as at the date of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Legal Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which SSAB is aware) which may have, or have had in the past 12 months, a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of SSAB or its subsidiaries, as a whole. 
SSAB is involved in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, primarily concerning insurance 
and warranty matters as well as complaints. 
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
General 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act, responsibility for the control and management of the 
Company is divided between the general meeting of shareholders of the Company, the board of directors of the 
Company (the "Board of Directors"), and the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). Shareholders 
participate in the control of the Company through resolutions passed at general meetings of shareholders, which 
are generally convened upon notice given by the Board of Directors. In addition, general meetings of shareholders 
are held when requested in writing by an auditor of the Company or by shareholders representing at least one-
tenth of all the issued and outstanding shares in the Company. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors, the President and CEO and the members of the 
Group Executive Committee is SSAB AB (publ), P.O. Box 70, SE-101 21, Stockholm, Sweden. 
Board of Directors 
The overall task of the Board of Directors is to manage the Company’s affairs on behalf of the shareholders in the 
best interest of the Company. The Board of Directors must regularly assess SSAB’s financial position and evaluate 
the operational management. The Board of Directors decides, among other things, matters concerning SSAB’s 
strategic focus and organisation, and decides on important capital expenditure (exceeding SEK 100 million). Each 
year, the Board of Directors must prepare proposals for guidelines regarding the determination of salary and other 
remuneration to the CEO and other members of the Company’s senior management to be decided upon at the 
annual general meeting of shareholders. 
The Articles of Association of SSAB provide that the Board of Directors must consist of a minimum of five and a 
maximum of ten directors elected by the general meeting of shareholders. The Board of Directors is quorate when 
more than one-half of the total number of directors is present. In 2021, the Board of Directors held 12 meetings at 
which minutes were taken and at which the Board was quorate at all times. SSAB’s General Counsel, who is not a 
director, serves as secretary to the Board of Directors. 
The annual general meeting of the shareholders held on 6 April 2022 resolved that the Board of Directors will 
comprise eight directors. Directors Bo Annvik, Petra Einarsson, Lennart Evrell, Marie Grönborg, Martin Lindqvist 
and Maija Strandberg were re-elected. Bernard Fontana and Mikael Mäkinen were elected as new members of the 
Board. Lennart Evrell was re-elected as Chairman of the Board.  Pasi Laine resigned as a member of the Board. 
All members of the Board of Directors are, except for Martin Lindqvist, independent in relation to the Company. All 
members of the Board of Directors are independent in relation to the Company’s significant shareholders. The 
provisions on independence of the members of the Board of Directors, as set out in the Swedish Code on 
Corporate Governance, do not apply to employee representatives.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
The following table sets forth the members of the Board of Directors of SSAB as at the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Position 
Year born 
Year 
appointed 
to 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Lennart Evrell.………………..…………………………..... 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
1954 
2021 
Bernard Fontana……………..…………………………..... 
Member of the Board of Directors 
1961 
2022 
Mikael Mäkinen..……………..…………………………..... 
Member of the Board of Directors 
1956 
2022 
Bo Annvik…………………………………………………… 
Member of the Board of Directors 
1965 
2019 
Petra Einarsson.…………………………………………… 
Member of the Board of Directors 
1967 
2014 
Marie Grönborg.…………………………………………… 
Member of the Board of Directors 
1970 
2019 
Maija Strandberg…………………………...... 
Member of the Board of Directors 
1969 
2021 
Martin Lindqvist.…………………………………………… 
Member of the Board of Directors, 
President and CEO 
1962 
2011 
Tomas Karlsson.…………………………………………… 
Employee representative  
1962 
2015 
Mikael Henriksson...………………………………………. 
Employee representative 
1961 
2017 
Tomas Jansson.…………………………………………… 
Employee representative  
1966 
2014 
Sven-Erik Rosén.………………………………………….. 
Employee 
representative 
(alternate 
member) 
1965 
2021 
Patrick Sjöholm…………………………………………….. 
Employee 
representative 
(alternate 
member) 
1965 
2011 
Tomas Westman…………………………………………... 
Employee 
representative 
(alternate 
member) 
1955 
2015 
____________ 
Lennart Evrell has been the Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. Evrell is currently 
also a member of the board of directors of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Epiroc Aktiebolag, ICA Gruppen 
AB, the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise and the Swedish Association of Industrial Employers. Mr. Evrell was 
previously CEO of Boliden, Sapa and Munters. Mr Evrell holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering 
from the Royal Institute of Technology, and a degree in business administration from Uppsala University. 
Bernard Fontana has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2022. Mr. Fontana is currently also the CEO 
and President of Framatome and a member of the board of directors of Thales Group. Mr. Fontana was previously 
CEO and President of Holcim Group and held executive positions in Aperam and ArcelorMittal. Mr. Fontana holds 
an Engineering degree from Ecole Polytechnique and Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Techniques Avancées. 
Mikael Mäkinen has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2022. Mr. Mäkinen is currently also the 
Chairman of Valmet and Aker Arctic Oyj, and a member of the board of directors of Finnlines. Mr. Mäkinen was 
previously CEO and President of Cargotec, CEO of MacGregor and Rolls-Royce Marine, and a member of the 
board of directors of Stora Enso Oyj. Mr Mäkinen holds a Master of Science, Naval Architecture, from Helsinki 
University of Technology. 
Bo Annvik has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2019. Mr. Annvik is currently also President and 
CEO of Indutrade AB, the chairman of the board of directors for Abdon Food AB, and a member of the board of 
directors for Abdon Group AB. Mr. Annvik was previously President and CEO of Haldex AB and has held leading 
positions within Volvo Cars, SKF and Outokumpu. Mr. Annvik holds a Master of Business Administration degree 
from Gothenburg School of Economics. 
Petra Einarsson has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2014. Ms. Einarsson is currently a member of 
the board of directors of Alimak Group, Scandinavian Biogas and Svenska Aeroge. Ms. Einarsson has been 
President and CEO of BillerudKorsnäs AB, a director of the Swedish Association of Industrial Employers, a 
member of the Council of the Swedish Steel Producers’ Association, and a member of the board of directors of 
Confederation of Swedish Enterprise. Previously, Ms. Einarsson has also held the positions of financial manager 
at Sandvik Materials Technology and president of the Sandvik Materials Technology business area, the Sandvik 
Strip product area and the Sandvik Tube product area. Ms. Einarsson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in 
Business Administration and Economics. 
Marie Grönborg has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2019. Ms. Grönborg is currently also CEO of 
TreeToTextile AB, and a member of the board of directors of Permascand Top Holding AB. Ms. Grönborg was 
previously President and CEO of Purac AB, the Executive Vice President of Business Area Specialties and

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Solutions of Perstorp Group and General Manager of Formox AB and has held several leading positions within the 
Perstorp Group. Ms. Grönborg holds a Master of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Chalmers 
University of Technology and Imperial College London.  
Maija Strandberg has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Ms. Strandberg is currently also the 
Senior Financial Counsellor at the Finnish Prime Minister’s office, Government Ownership Steering Department, 
and a member of the board of directors of Finnair Oyj and Neova Oy. Ms. Strandberg has previously been the 
Chief Financial Officer of Uponor Oyj, a Vice President of Finance at Valmet, a member of the board of directors of 
Nordic Morning Group, Exel Composites, VR Group, Dustin Group and Danske Bank Oyj, and has held senior 
positions in ALSO, John Deere, Timberjack, and Huhtamäki. Ms. Strandberg holds a Master of Science degree in 
Economics from Turku School of Economics, Finland. 
Martin Lindqvist has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2011. Mr. Lindqvist is the President and CEO 
and a member of the Group Executive Committee of SSAB. Mr. Lindqvist is also chairman of the board of directors 
of the Swedish Steel Producers Association, a member of the boards of directors of the Swedish Association of 
Industrial Employers, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA and the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise. Mr. 
Lindqvist has held several positions at SSAB since 1998, including the Head of the SSAB EMEA business area, 
the Head of SSAB Strip Products, the Chief Financial Officer of SSAB and the Chief Financial Officer of SSAB 
Tunnplåt. In addition, Mr. Lindqvist was the Chief Controller of NCC Aktiebolag and a member of the board of 
directors of Indutrade AB. Mr. Lindqvist holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics. 
Mikael Henriksson has been an employee representative on the Board of Directors since 2017. Mr. Henriksson is 
a furnace operator in the SSAB Special Steels business area. 
Tomas Jansson has been an employee representative on the Board of Directors since 2014. Mr. Jansson is a 
sales coordinator in the SSAB Europe business area. 
Tomas Karlsson has been an employee representative on the Board of Directors since 2015. Mr. Karlsson is a 
maintenance mechanic in the SSAB Europe business area.   
Sven-Erik Rosén has been an employee representative on the Board of Directors since 2021 and currently holds 
the position of alternate member. Mr. Rosén is a fork-lift operator in the SSAB Europe business area. 
Patrick Sjöholm has been an employee representative on the Board of Directors since 2011 and currently holds 
the position of alternate member. Mr. Sjöholm is a maintenance mechanic in the SSAB Europe business area. 
Tomas Westman has been an employee representative on the Board of Directors since 2015 and currently holds 
the position of alternate member. Mr. Westman is a RM coordinator in the SSAB Europe business area. 
Group Executive Committee 
The Group Executive Committee is responsible for the formulation and implementation of SSAB’s overall 
strategies and addresses issues such as acquisitions and divestments. These matters, as well as major capital 
expenditures (in excess of SEK 100 million), are prepared by the Group Executive Committee for decision by the 
Board of Directors. 
The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company in accordance with the Board of 
Directors’ instructions and guidelines. As at 31 December 2021, the Group Executive Committee consisted of the 
following officers and employees of SSAB, in addition to the CEO, the heads of SSAB Europe, SSAB Americas 
and SSAB Special Steels, the Chief Financial Officer, the Head of Legal, M&A and Procurement, the Chief 
Technical Officer, the Head of People, Culture and Communication, the Head of Research and Innovation, the 
Head of Strategy and Digitalization and the Head of Sustainability. The Group Executive Committee holds monthly 
meetings to monitor the results and financial position of SSAB and its divisions. Other matters addressed at Group 
Executive Committee meetings include strategy issues and follow-up on budget and forecasts. 
The head of each division is responsible for the relevant income statement and balance sheet. Overall operational 
control of the divisions takes place through quarterly performance reviews. In most cases, the CEO of the parent 
company is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of each of the directly owned major subsidiaries such as Tibnor 
and Ruukki Construction, and these boards also include other members of the Group Executive Committee as well

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
as employee representatives. In parallel with the quarterly performance reviews, the boards of the subsidiaries 
monitor the ongoing operations and adopt their respective strategies and budgets. 
The following table sets forth the members of the Group Executive Committee as at the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Position 
Year 
born 
Martin Lindqvist.…………………………………….………………………. 
President and CEO  
1962 
Jonas Bergstrand...………………………………………………………….. 
Executive Vice President, Head of Legal, M&A and Procurement 
1965 
Leena Craelius.……………………………………………………………….. 
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (acting) 
1971 
Maria Långberg.……………………………………………………………… 
Executive Vice President, Head of People, Culture and 
Communication 
1970 
Olavi Huhtala.…………………………………………………………………. 
Executive Vice President and Head of SSAB Europe 
1962 
Martin Pei.………………………………………………………………………. 
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
1963 
Charles Schmitt.………………………………………………………………. 
Executive Vice President and Head of SSAB Americas 
1959 
Johnny Sjöström.…………………………………………………………….. 
Executive Vice President and Head of SSAB Special Steels  
1974 
Viktor Strömberg.……………………………………………………………. 
Executive Vice President and Head of Strategy and Digitalization 
1973 
Eva Petursson.………………………………………………………………… 
Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Innovation 
1968 
Christina Friborg……………………………………………………………… 
Executive Vice President and Head of Sustainability, Ethics & 
Compliance and Health and Safety 
1969 
Martin Lindqvist. See “—Board of Directors” above. 
Jonas Bergstrand has been the Executive Vice President and Head of Legal, M&A and Procurement of the 
Company since 2013 and a member of the Group Executive Committee since 2006. Previously, Mr. Bergstrand 
was a Corporate Counsel at the ABB Group, OM Gruppen AB and Ericsson Radio Systems. Mr. Bergstrand holds 
a Master of Laws degree. 
Leena Craelius has been the acting Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2021 and a 
member of the Group Executive Committee since 2021. Ms. Craelius has been employed at SSAB / Rautaruukki 
since 2005. Previously, she held the positions of Chief Financial Officer for SSAB Europe, Head of sales 
controlling for SSAB Special Steels division, and Head of operations controlling for Ruukki Metals Division. Ms 
Craelius holds an MBA from the Helsinki School of Economics. 
Maria Långberg has been the Executive Vice President and Head of People, Culture and Communication of the 
Company and a member of the Group Executive Committee since 2016. Ms. Långberg has been employed at 
SSAB since 2013. Previously, she held the positions of President Merox and Vice President of Group 
Sustainability and Executive Vice President and Head of Group Communications. Ms. Långberg has also held a 
position as Senior Consultant at JKL and as Senior Vice President of Group Communications at Gambro AB. Ms. 
Långberg holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration. 
Olavi Huhtala has been the Executive Vice President and Head of Business Area SSAB Europe and a member of 
the Group Executive Committee since 2014. Previously, Mr. Huhtala was Executive Vice President of Ruukki 
Metals; President of Ruukki Fabrication and held marketing and executive roles in Rautaruukki Metform. Mr. 
Huhtala holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering. 
Martin Pei has been the Executive Vice President and Head of Technical Development since 2014 and a member 
of the Group Executive Committee since 2007. Mr. Pei has held several positions at SSAB since 2001, including 
Head of Business Area SSAB APAC, Technical Officer at SSAB, General Manager of Slab Production at SSAB 
Plate and Manager of Research & Development Department of Primary Products at SSAB. Mr. Pei holds a Doctor 
of Philosophy degree in Technology. 
Charles Schmitt has been the Executive Vice President and Head of Business Area SSAB Americas and a 
member of the Group Executive Committee since 2011. Mr. Schmitt has been employed at IPSCO Inc. since 
1990. Previously, Mr. Schmitt was the Vice President of the Southern Business Unit for the SSAB Americas. Mr. 
Schmitt holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and Finance. 
Johnny Sjöström has been executive vice president & Head of SSAB Special Steels since 2019. He has been 
employed at SSAB between 2012 and 2014 and since 2019.  Previously, Mr. Sjöström held positions as President 
at Uddeholms AB, Managing Director at Scana Leshan (China), SVP Technical and Market Development SSAB 
APAC and VP Product manager Outokumpu. Mr. Sjöström holds a Master’s degree in Physics, PhD in Materials

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Technologies, Karlstad University, Associate Professor, Luleå Technical University and EMBA Stockholm School 
of Economics.  
Viktor Strömberg was appointed as Executive Vice President, Head of Strategy, IT and Digitalization in 2018. Mr. 
Strömberg joined SSAB in 2011. Previously he held positions as an associate partner at McKinsey & Company, 
product manager at SAP and consultant at IBM. He holds an MBA from INSEAD, France and an MSc in Industrial 
Engineering & Management, from Linköping University. 
Eva Petursson was appointed as Executive Vice President, Head of Research and Innovation in 2018. Ms. 
Petursson joined SSAB in 2005. Previously she was a lecturer in Steel Structures at Luleå University of 
Technology, and held positions as design specialist and head of research at SSAB Knowledge Service Center, 
and Head of Strategic R&D at SSAB. She is a civil engineer and Doctor of Technology in Steel Construction, Luleå 
University of Technology. 
Christina Friborg was appointed Executive Vice President and Head of Sustainability, Ethics & Compliance and 
Health and Safety in 2018. Ms. Friborg joined SSAB in 2018. Previously she held positions as Head of Sustainable 
Business at Sandvik, Founder and partner at Ethos International and various positions at Sida, UNHCR and 
OSCE. Ms. Friborg holds a Master of Laws degree. 
Corporate Governance 
The Company’s shares have a primary listing on NASDAQ Stockholm AB (the “Stockholm Stock Exchange”) 
and a secondary listing on NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd (the “Helsinki Stock Exchange”). The Company follows 
those rules and regulations for corporate governance applicable to companies listed on the Stockholm Stock 
Exchange as well as those applicable to companies with a secondary listing on the Helsinki Stock Exchange. 
Conflict of Interest 
Except for their legal and/or beneficial interest in shares, there are no (i) potential conflicts of interest between any 
duties to SSAB of any member of the Board of Directors or Group Executive Committee and their private interests 
and/or other duties; (ii) arrangements or understandings with major shareholders, members, suppliers or others 
pursuant to which any member of the Board of Directors or Group Executive Committee was selected; or (iii) 
restrictions agreed by any member of the Board of Directors or the Group Executive Committee on the disposal of 
their holdings in SSAB’s securities within a certain time. 
Auditors 
The annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company, held on 6 April 2022, re-elected Ernst & Young AB 
as auditors for a term of office up to and including the 2022 annual general meeting. SSAB’s consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 have been audited by Ernst & Young AB. 
The authorised public accountants signing the auditor’s reports are subject to Swedish auditing and auditor 
independence standards. The authorised public accountants signing the consolidated financial statements of 
SSAB are members of FAR SRS (the Swedish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants). 
Description of Shares and Share Capital 
General 
SSAB AB (publ) is a limited liability company incorporated under the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) and is 
registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office under registration number 556016-3429. Aktiebolaget 
Nordsvenska Malmfält was formed on 5 October 1918 and was registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office on 18 October 1918. Aktiebolaget Nordsvenska Malmfält changed its business name to SSAB 
Svenskt Stål Aktiebolag on 28 December 1977 and its current business name was registered on 21 April 2009. 
SSAB is domiciled in Stockholm, Sweden, its registered office is located at P.O. Box 70, SE-101 21 Stockholm, 
Sweden, and its telephone number is +46 (8) 45 45 700. 
According to Article 3 of the Articles of Association of SSAB, the objectives of the Company are, directly or 
indirectly, to own and administer real estate and chattels, to develop, produce, refine and sell, and otherwise 
engage in trade and conduct business in, products of iron, steel and other metals, and to conduct any other 
business compatible therewith.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Shares and Share Capital 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Company’s fully paid-up share capital amounts to SEK 9,062,550,868.80. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of SSAB, the share capital must be not less than SEK 4,800,000,000 and 
not more than SEK 19,200,000,000. As at the date of this Prospectus, the total number of shares in the Company 
is 1,029,835,326, of which 304,183,270 are Class A shares and 725,652,056 are Class B shares. No shares of the 
Company are held in treasury by the Company or its subsidiaries. Pursuant to the Articles of Association of SSAB, 
the total number of shares must be not less than 545,000,000 and not more than 2,180,000,000. In addition, not 
more than 2,180,000,000 Class A shares may be issued and not more than 2,180,000,000 Class B shares may be 
issued. Both share classes, Class A shares and Class B shares, carry the same rights, except that each Class A 
share carries the right to one vote at the general meetings of shareholders of the Company while each Class B 
share carries the right to one-tenth (1/10) of one vote at the general meetings of shareholders of the Company. 
SSAB shares have no nominal value. SSAB shares were entered in the book-entry securities system maintained 
by Euroclear Sweden AB on 11 April 1989. 
Ownership Structure 
The following table sets forth the largest shareholders (by votes) of SSAB that appear in the shareholder register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden as at 1 May 2022: 
 
Shareholder 
A-shares 
B-shares 
Shares Total 
Holding % 
Votes % 
LKAB 
54,962,761 
53,169,947 
108,132,708 
10.50% 
16.00% 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST 
CO, W9 
44,458,524 
62,843,969 
107,302,493 
10.42% 
13.47% 
VALTIONEUVOSTON KANSLIA 
26,448,015 
38,326,425 
64,774,440 
6.29% 
8.04% 
Folksam 
21,200,252 
0 
21,200,252 
2.06% 
5.63% 
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK NA, W9 
10,601,211 
21,016,351 
31,617,562 
3.07% 
3.37% 
BNY MELLON SA/NV (FORMER 
BNY), W8IMY 
6,750,942 
13,447,909 
20,198,851 
1.96% 
2.15% 
BNY 
MELLON 
NA 
(FORMER 
MELLON), W9 
6,091,302 
15,790,640 
21,881,942 
2.12% 
2.04% 
EUROCLEAR BANK S.A/N.V, W8-
IMY 
7,043,724 
4,698,928 
11,742,652 
1.14% 
1.99% 
NORTHERN 
TRUST 
COMPANY, 
LONDON BRANCH 
5,305,250 
4,674,563 
9,979,813 
0.97% 
1.53% 
ALANDSBANKEN ABP (FINLAND), 
SVENSK, FILIAL 
4,102,134 
4,343,246 
8,445,380 
0.82% 
1.20% 
AVANZA PENSION 
1,834,537 
14,333,640 
16,168,177 
1.57% 
0.87% 
UBS EUROPE SE, LUXEMBOURG 
BRANCH, W8IMY 
3,160,938 
20,598 
3,181,536 
0.31% 
0.84% 
SIX SIS AG, W8IMY 
2,611,949 
2,232,376 
4,844,325 
0.47% 
0.75% 
CBNY-NORGES BANK 
2,619,192 
1,400,010 
4,019,202 
0.39% 
0.73% 
BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & 
CO., W9 
2,231,413 
3,271,007 
5,502,420 
0.53% 
0.68% 
 
The rights of the shareholders of the Issuer are contained in the articles of association of the Issuer and the 
Issuer will be managed in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of Swedish law. 
Related Party Transactions 
The following transactions with affiliated companies occurred during the year ended 31 December 2021: 
 
SSAB Americas purchased plate shot blasting and painting services from Blastech Mobile for SEK 228 
million. 
 
Lulekraft purchased gas from SSAB Europe for SEK 254 million and resold electricity for SEK 178 million. 
 
Raahen Voima purchased gas and fuel from SSAB Europe for SEK 466 million and sold back energy for 
SEK 405 million. 
 
SSAB Europe purchased gas from Manga LNG for SEK 162 million.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
Oxelösunds Hamn sold port services to SSAB Europe and SSAB Special Steels for SEK 249 million and 
purchased other services for SEK 57 million. 
 
SSAB Europe purchased refractory materials from Bet-Ker for SEK 103 million. 
 
Hybrit Development purchased administrative services from the Parent Company for SEK 3 million. 
 
SSAB Europe sold services to Hybrit Development for SEK 7 million and purchased services for SEK 2 
million. 
All of the above transactions took place on arm’s length terms.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general summary and guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. Investors 
should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the tax consequences (including the applicability 
and effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular 
circumstances 
Kingdom of Sweden Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes and is based on the Swedish tax laws in force as of the date of this Prospectus. The summary 
does not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be applicable to a potential investor in the 
Notes and the summary is neither intended to be, nor should be construed as, legal or tax advice. A potential 
investor in the Notes should therefore consult with its own tax advisor as to the Swedish or foreign tax 
consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes. Certain categories of investors may also be 
exempt from income tax and/or subject to other specific tax regimes. 
Holders not resident in Sweden 
As used herein, a “Non-resident Holder” means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident of 
Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, or (b) 
an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Under Swedish tax law, payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident Holder of Notes will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax unless such Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business through a permanent 
establishment in Sweden to which the payment of principal or interest is attributable. Swedish tax law does not 
impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident Holder of Notes.  
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject to Swedish 
income tax unless the Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business in Sweden through a 
permanent establishment to which the capital gain is attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in 
Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or have 
lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar 
years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between 
Sweden and other countries. 
Holders resident in Sweden 
As used herein, a “Resident Holder” means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident of Sweden 
for tax purposes, or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
In general, payment of any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a Resident Holder 
of Notes will be subject to Swedish income tax. A Resident Holder of Notes will also be subject to Swedish income 
tax on any capital gain on the sale of Notes. Redemption of Notes is treated as a sale of Notes.  
Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Swedish tax law does not impose 
withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident Holder of Notes. However, preliminary income 
tax is withheld on payments of interest to individuals and estates of deceased individuals.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs 
as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further 
Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes.   
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (other than Estonia, the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide 
to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 17 May 2022, agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant 
Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance 
and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Kingdom of Sweden  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase 
or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation 
to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to 
prepare a prospectus approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person 
(as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of which is to 
hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom 
is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in Section 
2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall 
not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore and a 
reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or 
amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Termsin respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, 
transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, 
or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised pursuant to the Board of Directors’ internal working 
procedures and instructions (Sw: Koncernstyrelsens arbetsordning och instruktioner) of the Issuer and the 2022 
update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 11 
May 2022.  
Listing of Notes 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when 
issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the Official List 
and admitted to trading by the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, electronic copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from https://www.ssab.com/company/investors/debt-financing: 
(a) 
the certificate of registration (with an English translation thereof) and articles of association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Deed of Covenant, the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(c) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and Pricing 
Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 31 March 2022 
and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Group since 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are currently Ernst & Young AB, members of FAR SRS, the professional institute for 
authorised public accountants in Sweden, who have audited and issued an unqualified audit opinion on the 
Issuer’s accounts, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU for the financial years ended on 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, and will audit the Issuer’s accounts for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.  
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in 
the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, 
or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the 
Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
SSAB AB (publ) 
PO Box 70 
SE-101 21 Stockholm 
Sweden 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
White & Case Advokat AB 
Biblioteksgatan 12 
Box 5573 
SE-114 85 Stockholm 
Sweden 
To the Issuer as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
 
 
To the Dealers as to Swedish  
tax law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Mannheimer Swartling 
Advokatbyrå AB 
Box 4291 
SE-203 14 Malmö 
Sweden 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young AB 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24, Box 7850, 
Stockholm 10399 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Earlsfort Centre 
Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 117 ---
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
DNB Markets, part of DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch 
Regeringsgatan 59 
SE-105 88 Stockholm 
Sweden 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki 
Finland 
 OP Corporate Bank plc 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
FIN-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)  
Blasieholmstorg 11  
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105-34 Stockholm 
Sweden