--- Page 1 ---
This base prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 15 December 2021.
STABELO FUND 1 AB (publ)
PROGRAMME FOR CONTINUOUS ISSUANCE OF PARTICIPATING DEBENTURES

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Important information 
Definitions and references 
 
In this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), the “Issuer” means Stabelo Fund 1 AB (publ) and the “Parent” means Stabelo Group AB. “NGM” refers to Nordic 
Growth Market NGM AB. “SEK” refers to Swedish kronor. “Group” refers to the Parent and its subsidiaries. 
This Base Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with any documents incorporated by reference (see the section “Legal considerations and supplementary 
information” and its sub-section “Documents incorporated by reference”), the Final Terms for each Debenture Series (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) 
and any supplements to this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for the Issuer’s participating debentures originally dated 27 October 2017, and as amended and 
restated on 28 February 2018, 28 June 2018, 16 November 2018 and 29 September 2020 and appended as Annex 1 to this Base Prospectus, (the “General Terms 
and Conditions”), have the same meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated otherwise follow from the context, and the rules of construction 
set out in the General Terms and Conditions shall apply also to this Base Prospectus.  
Notice to investors 
The Issuer has in accordance with this Base Prospectus and the programme originally dated 27 October 2017 for continuous issuance of participating debentures (the 
“Programme”) resolved to continuously issue participating debentures (kapital- och vinstandelslån) (the “Debentures”). The decision to establish the Programme 
was passed by the Issuer´s board of directors on 14 September 2017. The Base Amount for each Debenture will be SEK 1,000,000. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and is valid for a period of twelve months from the day of approval. This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus in 
accordance with Article 8 in the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is not a recommendation to subscribe for or to acquire Debentures issued under the Programme. Any recipients of this Base Prospectus and/or any 
Final Terms, must make their own assessment of the Issuer and the Debentures based on this Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference (see the section 
“Legal considerations and supplementary information” and its sub-section “Documents incorporated by reference”), the Final Terms of each Debenture Series and any 
supplements to this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The board of 
directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
Restrictions 
With the exception of the approval by the SFSA of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not taken any measures to allow for a public offer of Debentures under the Programme, 
nor for possession or distribution of material regarding such offer, in any country or jurisdiction where measures for such purposes are required. Persons that are provided 
with this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms undertake in relation to the Issuer to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and other rules in each country and 
jurisdiction where they buy, offer, sell or deliver Debentures or possess or distribute such offering material, in each case at their own expense. Any failure to comply with 
such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, the Debentures may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Debentures have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
(the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. 
Any offer under this Programme is not addressed to private individuals or legal entities in the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa or in any 
other country where the publishing or the availability of offer material is forbidden or the accessibility is in any way restricted. Should the offer according to the Base 
Prospectus none the less be accepted by such private individual or legal entity such acceptance may be disregarded. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. Should such information or statements 
nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information 
or statements. Neither the publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Debentures implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is 
correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s or the Group’s business since the date 
of this Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with 
the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Issue of Debentures 
The Debentures are issued for the purpose of financing the Issuer’s acquisitions of Mortgage Loans in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
is an alternative investment fund and as such subject to the Swedish Alternative Investment Fund Managers Act (lag (2013:561) om förvaltare av alternativa 
investeringsfonder) (the “AIFM Act”), which is based on the EU AIFM Directive. The Manager operates as external AIF manager (extern AIF-förvaltare) for the 
Issuer and the Depositary operates as depositary (förvaringsinstitut) for the Issuer. The Debentures will be registered with the central securities depositary, Euroclear 
Sweden AB, in the denomination of SEK 1,000,000. The Debentures are registered on behalf of the Debentureholders on VP Accounts and are in book-entry form. No 
physical debentures will be issued. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements relating to the Issuer’s financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future 
operations (including objectives relating to the Issuer’s businesses). When used in this document, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, 
“intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements are contained in the section “Risk Factors” and other sections of this document. Such forward looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from any 
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous 
assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. These assumptions reflect 
the best judgment of management but involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks the occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those predicted in the Issuer’s forward-looking statements and from past results, performance or achievements. Although the Issuer believes that the estimates and 
the projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise or occur, including those which the 
Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or incorrect, the Issuer’s actual results of 
operations may vary from those expected, estimated or projected. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent required by law, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates 
or revisions to any forward-looking statements made in this Base Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written 
or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements 
contained throughout this Base Prospectus. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the Debentures should not place undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements. Moreover, no assurance can be given that any of the historical information, data, trends or practices mentioned and 
described in this Base Prospectus are indicative of future results or events. 
This Base Prospectus contains certain information sourced from third parties. This information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by those third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. However, the Issuer has not independently verified the information and therefore, the accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. 
General information 
For further information regarding this Base Prospectus reference is made to the Issuer. The Base Prospectus is available via stabeloassetmanagement.se. A copy of 
this Base Prospectus will be made available by the Issuer upon request during the term of the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................... 7 
PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION STRUCTURE ...................................................................................................... 15 
THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................................................. 16 
THE PORTFOLIO ................................................................................................................................................. 18 
THE ISSUER AND THE MANAGER .................................................................................................................. 21 
KEY TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS................................................................................................................. 28 
CERTAIN FINANCIAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 31 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ...................................................... 32 
ADDRESSES ......................................................................................................................................................... 36 
 
1. 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
37 
2. 
FORM FOR FINAL TERMS 
72

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full General Terms and 
Conditions included in Annex 1 to this Prospectus and the Form for Final Terms included in Annex 2 to this 
Prospectus. 
 
General 
The Programme has been established by the Issuer for the continuing issuance of Debentures. The nominal 
amount for each Debenture will be SEK 1,000,000 and each Debenture Series shall be repaid on the last day of 
the tenth (10) calendar year after the calendar year the relevant Debentures Series were issued. Debentures under 
a Debenture Series may only be issued during one calendar year. The Programme is the Issuer’s main funding 
source and is aimed for professional and qualified investors primarily in the Swedish debt capital market. The 
objective is to permanently create a stable higher risk-adjusted return as an alternative to investing in covered 
bonds. 
General Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Debentures issued under the Programme will be governed by the General Terms and Conditions as well as the 
applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Debentures issued 
under the Programme. For each Debenture Series, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms 
and conditions for the relevant Series. Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the 
General Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms will be submitted to the SFSA and published on the webpage of 
the Issuer. Any amendments (other than adjustments to clear and obvious errors) to the General Terms and 
Conditions will not be effective to Debentures issued prior to such amendment, unless the Debentureholders 
resolve otherwise. 
Form of Debentures 
Debentures are unilateral dematerialised promissory notes which will be registered with Euroclear Sweden in its 
online account-based system (the VPC-system) on behalf of the Debentureholders in their respective 
VP-accounts. Hence, no physical debentures will be issued. The Debentures will be registered in accordance 
with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
Status of Debentures 
The Debentures constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu 
and without any preference among them. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Debentures shall, 
subject to the provisions of applicable legislation, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. All Debentures shall 
have the same rights, except to the extent provided otherwise in the Final Terms for a Debenture Series.  
Pricing and Interest 
The pricing of the Debentures cannot be established in advance and is set in connection with the relevant issue 
on the basis of, inter alia, the current value of the Issuer’s portfolio. Debentures may be issued at a price below 
or exceeding the nominal amount. The interest applicable to Debentures will be calculated based on the cash 
amounts (other than principal proceeds) payable to the Issuer deriving from the portfolio, minus, inter alia, any 
sourcing and servicing costs payable to the servicer of the portfolio.  
Admission to trading  
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that all Debentures under the Programme will be listed on a 
Regulated Market no later than twelve (12) months after issuance. However, although the Issuer has undertaken 
to use its best efforts to apply for registration on a Regulated Market for all Debentures, and as long as permitted 
under applicable laws and regulations, to take any measures that may be required to maintain the admission as 
long as the relevant Debenture Series are outstanding, there is no assurance that such application will be 
accepted, that Debentures will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Prescription 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Debentures will be prescribed and become void ten (10) years after 
the applicable due date. Claims for payment of interest will be prescribed and become void three (3) years from 
the relevant due date for payment.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (preskriptionslagen 
(1981:130)) a new prescription period of ten (10) years will commence for claims in respect of principal and 
three (3) years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated by 
provisions laid down in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation 
period.  
Governing law 
The General Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled 
by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of 
Commerce. 
 
Product description 
Rights attached to the Debentures 
The Debentureholders have the right to receive Interest. 
Repayment or repurchase of the Debentures is dependent on the value of the Issuer’s portfolio from time to time. 
A Debentureholder is not guaranteed to receive an amount corresponding to the nominal amount of its 
Debentures. All obligations of the Issuer to the Debentureholders are limited in recourse to the portfolio and no 
Debentureholder will have any claim, by operation of law or otherwise against, or recourse to, any of the Issuer’s 
other assets. If there is no portfolio remaining which is capable of being realised or otherwise converted into cash 
and there are insufficient amounts available from the portfolio to pay the Debentureholders in full in accordance 
with the provisions of the General Terms and Conditions, then the Debentureholders shall have no further claim 
against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid. 
The Debentureholders have certain voting rights as to matters concerning the Debentures. 
Interest 
Each issued Debenture carries interest from (but excluding) its issue date up to (and including) the relevant 
repayment date. Any Debenture issued after the first issue and on the last business day of an interest period, 
carries Interest from (but excluding) the first day of the following interest period up to (and including) the 
relevant repayment date. Any Debenture issued after the first date of issue and on any other day than the last 
business day of an interest period, carries interest from (but excluding) the first day of the current interest period 
up to (and including) the relevant repayment date. 
Payment of Interest in respect of the Debentures shall be made to the Debentureholders for the preceding interest 
period on 15 January, 15 April, 15 July and 15 October in each year, or if such date is not a business day, the 
following business day.  
Calculation of interest 
On or after the last day of each calendar month, the Issuer shall calculate the net income for such calendar 
month. The ordinary income for the calendar month shall be increased by any loss recoveries during such 
calendar month and shall be reduced by (i) the sourcing and servicing cost for the calendar month, (ii) any net 
losses incurred during such calendar month and (iii) any loss reserves made for such calendar month, and the net 
amount shall constitute the net income for the relevant calendar month. 
The total net income shall for each calendar month be allocated pro rata to each Debenture Series issued, based 
on its aggregate base amount during such calendar month, and the amount so allocated shall be reduced by the 
applicable Management Fee, and the amount shall constitute the allocated income. 
The total interest payable in respect of each Debenture Series shall be the total allocated income for the interest 
period, plus all interest compensation paid as a part of the issue price for Debentures issued under such 
Debenture Series during the interest period. The total interest shall be divided by the number of Debentures 
outstanding under such Debenture Series on the last day of the relevant interest period (including Debentures to 
be repaid on that day but disregarding Debentures issued on that day) and rounded off to the nearest whole 
amount of Swedish Kronor.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Default interest 
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the General Terms and Conditions on its due date, 
default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual payment at a rate of 
five (5) per cent. per annum. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. 
Maturity, amortisation and redemption 
Each Debenture shall be repaid with its repayment price plus all accrued Interest no later than ten (10) business 
days after its repayment date. However, if the Issuer does not have Principal Proceeds available for a scheduled 
repayment and the Manager determines (acting reasonably) that it is not possible to sell a sufficient part of the 
Portfolio for a purchase price equal to the principal capital amount of the relevant Mortgage Loans plus accrued 
interest, the Manager may postpone a scheduled repayment, in whole or in part, up to twelve (12) months, 
provided that all affected Debentureholders are treated equally. The postponed amount shall carry Interest during 
the postponement. Postponed repayments shall be made in full before any new repayments are made. 
If it becomes unlawful, or such unlawfulness is imminent, for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the 
General Terms and Conditions, or if a substantial decrease in revenue occurs, or is imminent, for the Issuer or 
substantial additional or increased cost are incurred or suffered by, or are imminent for, the Issuer due to the 
introduction of or change of any law or regulation, the Issuer may, by giving not less than twenty (20) Business 
Days’ notice to the Debentureholders, repay all Debentures in whole but not in part.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, both risks pertaining to the Issuer’s business 
and financial risks, legal and regulatory risks, and structural risks relating to the Debentures and risks related 
to debt instruments such as the Debentures as well as the General Terms and Conditions. The Issuer’s 
assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available 
and estimates on the date of this Prospectus. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first 
under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business 
Credit risk relating to non-payment 
The Issuer is a special purpose company that, according to the General Terms and Conditions, may as a general 
rule only invest in Mortgage Loans. Consequently, the Portfolio primarily consists of Mortgage Loans which by 
nature are subject to credit risk. A credit risk can be defined as the potential risk of financial loss arising from the 
failure of a counterparty to fulfil its financial obligations as they fall due. The Issuer’s credit risk mainly pertains 
to the borrowers’ ability to perform their financial obligations under their respective Mortgage Loan, that is the 
borrowers’ ability to pay principal of, and interest on, such Mortgage Loan. The Issuer’s ability to receive 
principal and interests will depend primarily on the financial status of the relevant borrower. Any such non-
payment of principal and/or interest may result in a reduction in the Issuer’s income and/or a decline in the 
market value of the particular Mortgage Loan so affected and thus a decline in the net assets of the Issuer and 
ultimately the Portfolio Value. For example, as a consequence of the ongoing outbreak of a coronavirus 
(COVID-19), borrowers’ ability to make timely payments may be impaired which would have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s liquidity and thus ability to make payments on the Debentures. If such non-payment risks 
materialise it may further result in the Issuer not being able to sell the Mortgage Loan for a purchase price equal 
to its principal amount, which, separate or combined with other factors, may adversely affect the Portfolio Value. 
This may, in turn, mean that the Issuer may not be able to repay the Debentures at their Repayment Price as well 
as pay Interest. If the Issuer’s enforcement of collateral fails to reduce the aforementioned risk of loss of 
revenue, it would adversely affect the Portfolio Value and thus the Debentureholders’ ability to receive payments 
under the Debentures. 
Credit risk relating to the value of collateral 
The Mortgage Loans are secured by a first ranking pledge over mortgage certificates (pantbrev) or rights to 
cooperative flats (bostadsrätt). Since all such real estate and cooperative flats which serves as collateral has 
historically been located in Sweden, the value of the collateral is linked to the performance of the Swedish real 
estate and housing market. There are various factors which may have a negative effect on the prices on the 
housing market, for example changes in regulations affecting the market directly or indirectly, a quick rise in 
interest rates or unemployment levels or changing economic conditions. Legal requirements, such as more strict 
amortisation requirements as well as stricter caps on loan-to-value levels and loan-to-income ratios, may have a 
negative effects as regards to the prices on the Swedish housing market, as the borrowers will be able to take up 
less mortgage loans. The foregoing particularly applies to urban areas where market values are higher. For 
example, as of 31 December 2020, approximately 64 per cent. of the real estate and cooperative flats pledged in 
favour of the Issuer for the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio were located in Swedish urban areas such as 
Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö. In addition, potential constraints of monetary policies can also be expected 
to hold back house price development. Any such changed regulation or upcoming constraints of monetary 
policies that hold back pricing development in the housing market or lead to a general downturn in the value of 
properties in Sweden would adversely affect the value of the collateral and thus diminish the Issuer’s security for 
future claims against a borrower in case of non-payment of such borrower. In addition, the value of the collateral 
may also be impaired by a borrower’s neglect and/or mismanagement of the relevant property, which ultimately 
may affect the value of the property.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
If the housing prices on the Swedish housing market, and thus also the value of the Issuer’s collateral for 
Mortgage Loans, significantly decreases for any reason and a significant number of borrowers are unable to pay 
principal and/or interest in whole or in part, there is a risk that the collateral does not cover the borrowers’ 
financial obligations under the Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Issuer fails to recover 
monies equal to the payments to which it is entitled under the relevant Mortgage Loan, which may adversely 
affect the value of the Portfolio and subsequently result in the Issuer being unable to timely repay the Debentures 
at their Repayment Price, as well as adversely affect its ability to pay Interest.  
Voluntary prepayment of Mortgage Loans 
The Portfolio consists of Mortgage Loans made to private individuals. Such loans will have different maturities 
and the value of the Portfolio will be determined based on expected future cash flows under the Mortgage Loans. 
Under the Consumer Credit Act (konsumentkreditlagen (2010:1846)), a private individual is always entitled to 
voluntarily prepay a loan to a creditor. If a loan is prepaid by a private individual, interest and any fees in respect 
of the relevant loan are then payable only up to and including the date of prepayment (however, in some cases if 
the interest rate has been fixed, the prepayment of a loan is subject to a compensation of the difference in interest 
(ränteskillnadsersättning)). Historically the Portfolio has on average consisted of approximately 17 per cent. 
Mortgage Loans with fixed interest rates, and as of 31 December 2021, the Portfolio consisted of approximately 
32 per cent. Mortgage Loans with fixed interest rates. The foregoing entails that approximately 68 per cent. of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio are loans which may be prepaid prematurely without a right for the Issuer to 
receive compensation of the difference in interest. Should the borrowers under the Mortgage Loans in the 
Portfolio exercise their right to early prepayment, the expected future cash flows may thus not materialise in full, 
which would affect the Interest payable under the Debentures. Such premature prepayments will also increase 
the funds that will have to be reinvested by the Issuer in new Mortgage Loans and there is a risk that the 
Manager will not be able to reinvest the funds on equal or better terms as the prepaid Mortgage Loans, which 
presents a significant risk to the Portfolio Value. 
Reliance on third parties and affiliates 
A consequence of the business model of the Issuer is that it will have no employees and conduct no business 
operations other than holding the Portfolio and issuing, as well as making payments on, the Debentures. The 
Issuer will thus be reliant on third parties or affiliated companies, such as the Manager and Servicer, to perform 
services in relation to the Issuer, the Portfolio and the Debentures. The Issuer is party to outsourcing agreements 
with a number of third parties and affiliated companies who have agreed to perform such services. These 
services relate to the operational activities of the Issuer, such as important IT systems and administrative support 
systems, servicing the Mortgage Loans and sourcing for new investments and investment decisions. If any of the 
engaged third parties or affiliates fails to perform their obligations under the respective agreements to which they 
are a party, there is a risk that the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations such as payments under the 
Debentures will be adversely affected. In turn, this will have a negative effect on the value of the Portfolio and 
the Debentureholders possibility to receive Interest. 
Under all of the Administrative Agreements, the Issuer may decide to terminate such agreement if a third party 
cease to fulfil their obligations, or satisfy any applicable criteria. If the Issuer has for any reason decided to 
terminate the agreement, the General Terms and Conditions stipulates that the Issuer shall replace such failing 
third party by appointing a New Manager, New Servicer, New Depositary or a New Custodian, as the case may 
be. There is a risk that the Issuer is unable to replace such third party on as favourable terms as those agreed with 
the original party pursuant to the relevant Administrative Agreement. The foregoing would result in increased 
costs for the Issuer and consequently a reduction of the funds available to make payments on the Debentures. 
Failure to replace a failing third party on favourable terms could thus impact the Issuer’s costs negatively, which 
would adversely impact the Issuer’s profitability. 
Conflicts of interest 
Each of the Manager, the Originator and the Issuer are directly or indirectly one hundred (100) per cent. owned 
by the Parent. As a result of this, the Parent will have the power to control most matters to be decided by vote at 
a shareholder’s meeting in respect of each company. Such matters include, for example, the election as well as 
dismissal of directors. If the interest of the Parent conflicts with those of the Debentureholders in a matter which 
is resolved at a shareholder’s meeting, there is a risk that a matter is resolved in favour of the Parent and in a way 
that contradicts the interest of the Debentureholders. If such resolution is adopted, it would have a material 
impact on the concerned Debentureholders’ interests and rights under the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Furthermore, some third parties may perform multiple roles in relation to the Issuer’s business, including the 
Originator which also acts as Servicer of the Portfolio. Therefore, there is a risk that a third party may have 
conflicting interests due to their multiple roles and that their interests consequently will not be aligned with those 
of the Issuer. The degree to which a conflict of interest due to the performance of multiple roles by a third party 
will negatively affect the Issuer is uncertain, and presents a highly significant risk to the business of the Issuer. 
Risks Related to the Coronavirus and future pandemics 
The outbreak of a strain of novel coronavirus (below referred to as COVID-19), that was declared a global 
pandemic by the World Health Organisation on 11 March 2020, has globally spread throughout areas such as 
Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and North America. The emergence of COVID-19 has resulted in various 
authorities implementing different measures to attempt to contain the virus, such as restrictions, quarantines, 
travel bans and shutdowns. These and other measures linked to the coronavirus have impacted and may further 
impact the Group’s workforce and operations as well as those of the Group’s suppliers of goods and services. 
Such impact may result in increased unavailability of staff, adversely impacting the quality and continuity of 
service to the Debentureholders and the borrowers under the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio and thus affecting 
the reputation of the Group. There is considerable uncertainty as to how these measures and potential future 
measures imposed by authorities will impact the Group, but there is a risk that it could limit the Group’s capacity 
to meet the borrowers’ and/or the Debentureholders’ demands and have a significant adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. Although the financial markets have stabilized and to some 
extent recovered since the outbreak of the first wave of the worldwide pandemic, the effect on the financial 
environment, in terms of a higher degree of uncertainty, is expected to continue for as long as the coronavirus 
continues to spread. Ultimately, the long-term economic consequences, including consequences on the financial 
markets in general and the Group in particular, depend on the duration of the crisis and measures taken by 
governments, central banks and other agencies. 
The spread of COVID-19 has had disruptive effects in Sweden and on the global economy, and has caused 
increased volatility and declines in financial markets. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues, or other diseases 
emerge that give rise to similar effects, the adverse impact on the global economy could deepen and result in 
further declines in financial markets. The business of the Issuer is dependent on the Originator being able to offer 
Mortgage Loans to private individuals. The COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse impact on the borrowers 
as unemployment rates may go up as a result of the economic downturn described above. If a significant number 
of borrowers become unemployed, it will affect their ability to make timely payments on their respective 
Mortgage Loan, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial results, businesses, 
financial condition or liquidity, consequently impairing the Issuer’s ability to make timely payments to the 
Debentureholders. 
Financial risks relating to the Issuer 
Implementation of investment objectives 
The Group primarily operates only on the Swedish mortgage loan market, which during 2020 totalled close to 
SEK 3,658 billion.1 The mortgage loan business in Sweden is competitive and both traditional and new lenders 
try to expand their presence in or to facilitate their entry into the market and compete for customers. However, 
the mortgage loan market is also relatively concentrated, as a few mortgage lenders hold a large share of the 
market. The foregoing is evident by the fact that under 2020, eight mortgage lenders together had an 
accumulated market share of approximately 94 per cent.2 In comparison, the Group’s market share during 2020 
totalled approximately 0.4 per cent. At the same time the mortgage lending business is highly regulated, which 
consequently has created an entry barrier for new lenders. The aforementioned competitive environment in 
which the Issuer operates may result in the Originator being unable to generate new Mortgage Loans that meet 
the relevant criteria set up for the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may be unable to invest the funds raised through 
the issue of Debentures in new Mortgage Loans and/or reinvest funds received from the repayment or 
prepayment of Mortgage Loans already in the Portfolio. If the Issuer is unable to invest its available funds in 
Mortgage Loans, there is a risk that the income of the Issuer is affected and consequently also the amount of 
interest and principal that the Debentureholders will receive. The degree to which the Originator will be able to 
invest the funds raised through the issue of Debentures is uncertain, and presents a significant risk for the 
 
1 http://www.statistikdatabasen.scb.se/pxweb/sv/ssd/START__FM__FM0401/MFIM1/ (retrieved 29 October 2021). 
2 http://www.statistikdatabasen.scb.se/pxweb/sv/ssd/START__FM__FM0401/MFIM1/ (retrieved 29 October 2021).

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Portfolio Value. The degree to which the composition of the mortgage loan market will hinder the funds raised 
through the issue of Debentures to be invested is uncertain, and presents a significant risk for the Portfolio and 
the return on the Debentureholders’ investment. 
The Manager, in its capacity as manager of the Portfolio, decides on investments in respect of Mortgage Loans. 
There is a risk that the investment decisions of the Manager will fail to increase the value of the Portfolio or will 
result in the Portfolio to comprise of Mortgage Loans with a higher non-payment risk than anticipated. Failure of 
the Manager to make lucrative investment decisions could impact the Portfolio Value, which would affect the 
Issuer’s ability to make timely payments on the Debentures. 
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Issuer 
Risks relating to the enforcement of collateral 
The Mortgage Loans are secured by a first raking pledge over mortgage certificates (pantbrev) or rights to 
cooperative flats (bostadsrätt). The Issuer is therefore entitled to enforce such security if any borrower defaults 
under its respective Mortgage Loan. Perfecting and enforcing security over mortgage certificates over real estate 
or cooperative flats is subject to formal requirements and thus risks. For instance, there is no official record in 
Sweden stating whether a cooperative flat right is pledged. Instead a pledge is effected by a notification to the 
cooperative association (bostadsrättsförening). The Issuer is therefore reliant on the records of the cooperative 
association and is exposed to risks of fraud and mistakes in relation to the creation of the security. Furthermore, 
under certain circumstances obligations owed by the cooperative association itself will rank ahead of the pledgee 
of a cooperative flat, even if proper notification has been made. Following the enforcement of security over a 
cooperative flat, the cooperative association may, depending on the terms of its charter, have a right to refuse the 
new owner membership in the association and will have a right to require that the new owner settles any amounts 
owed to the association by the previous owner. The foregoing may entail a decrease in the value of the 
cooperative flat as is may be harder to dispose. As to the enforcement of security over mortgage certificate(s), 
such enforcement must be done through a sale of the property by the Enforcement Authority 
(Kronofogdemyndigheten). These enforcement processes may be both time-consuming and costly at the same 
time as the best possible price for the property may not be generated through such regulated process. 
When collateral is enforced, a court order is normally required to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay and 
to enable a sale by execution measures. The Issuer’s ability to enforce the collateral without the consent of the 
borrower is thus dependent on the decisions from a court, the execution measures, the demand for the relevant 
real property and other relevant circumstances in the Swedish housing market. If the Issuer cannot realise the 
collateral to obtain a sufficient amount to repay the Debentures, for example due to delays in obtaining court 
decisions and/or delays in execution measures, the Debentureholder would as a result not recover any or full 
value of the Debentures, which presents a significant risk to the Debentureholders’ return on their respective 
investments.  
Legal risks relating to Mortgage Loans 
The Issuers business operations as well as the Mortgage Loans are subject to legislation and regulations, as well 
as government policies and general recommendations issued by, inter alia, the European Union (EU) and 
relevant Swedish authorities such as the SFSA and the Swedish Consumer Agency (Konsumentverket). For 
example, as the Issuer will purchase, hold and manage Mortgage Loans, the Issuer must comply with the 
Consumer Credit Act (konsumentkreditlagen (2010:1846)) for mortgage credits granted since 1 January 2011. In 
addition, the Originator is licensed as a mortgage credit company (bostadskreditinstitut) and is accordingly under 
the supervision of the SFSA. Consequently, the Originator as well as the Issuer are obliged to follow certain laws 
and regulations which are applicable to their respective businesses, such as the Mortgage Business Act (lag 
(2016:1024) om verksamhet med bostadskrediter), the Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (Prevention) 
Act (lag (2017:630) om åtgärder mot penningtvätt och finansiering av terrorism) and the Consumer Credit Act. 
Such rules and regulation may for example limit or delay the Issuer’s ability to exercise its rights under the 
Mortgage Loans, as the Issuer may be obliged to grant extensions of Mortgage Loans upon maturity. As to the 
Originator, significant failures of the Originator to comply with applicable laws and regulations could lead to the 
SFSA imposing sanctions. In case of material violations, the SFSA can, as an ultimate measure, revoke the 
Originator’s licence and as a consequence prohibit the Issuer to continue its operations. The SFSA may also 
make remarks and issue warnings, each of which may be accompanied by monetary fines. Failure to comply 
with applicable rules and regulations could thus impact the Issuer’s ability to carry out its business operations as 
intended, which would adversely impact the Issuer’s competitiveness and profitability.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Moreover, any changes in legislation or regulation, or the interpretation thereof, to the effect that the current 
structure of the Mortgage Loans are made illegal or to the effect that they prevent the Issuer from acquiring 
additional Mortgage Loans without being granted a licence in accordance with the Swedish Banking and 
Financing Business Act (lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) would risk to force the Issuer to 
cease its operations. In turn, this would result in the Issuer having to use the resulting excess funds to repay the 
Debentures. If such risk would materialise, there is a risk that the Issuer will be unable to repay the Debentures at 
their Repayment Price, which in turn would have an adverse effect on the value of the Investors’ respective 
investments. 
The EU General Data Protection Regulation 
By acquiring the Mortgage Loans from the Originator the Issuer will process personal data such as names, 
personal identification numbers and financial information and capabilities of the borrowers. As of 31 December 
2020, the Issuer had given Mortgage Loans to 14,738 borrowers, whose personal data is processed by the Issuer. 
The processing of personal data is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny following the implementation of 
the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679/EU (the “GDPR”). Efforts to continuously ensure compliance 
with the GDPR is both time-consuming and costly. Any non-compliance with applicable data protection 
legislation risks leading to substantial administrative fines and other actions which would have a material effect 
on the Issuer’s ability to conduct its business, such as a temporary or permanent ban on data processing. Any 
administrative or monetary sanctions (including administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million or 
4.0 per cent. of the Group’s total annual turnover) would adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. In addition, violations of data protection legislation could result in significant 
reputational damage to the Issuer which may adversely affect borrowers willingness to take up mortgage loans 
from an entity associated with the Issuer or the Group. Accordingly, significant non-compliance with GDPR 
would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations, financial condition and results. 
Representations and warranties in respect of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio 
The Mortgage Loans acquired by the Issuer are sold by the Originator pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Sale 
Agreement, under which the Originator has made certain representations and warranties in respect of each sold 
Mortgage Loan. The representations and warranties, amongst other things, relate to the relevant sold Mortgage 
Loans’ compliance with the Eligibility Criteria, that the securities over the relevant Mortgage Loans granted to 
the Originator will be released simultaneously with the Issuer’s payment of the purchase price and that the 
transferred Mortgage Loans will be free and clear of any security. Other than as described in the section “Key 
transaction documents” and its subsection “The Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement”, the Issuer has not undertaken 
any actions to ensure the correctness of, and will thus rely on, the representations and warranties given in the 
Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement by the Originator.  
In the event of any misrepresentation by the Originator, there is a risk that the Originator will not have the 
financial resources to meet its obligation under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement to indemnify the Issuer 
against the loss, costs and expenses which may be incurred by the Issuer as the result of the breach or make any 
payments in the future, in respect of a misrepresentation or a breach of warranty given by it. Should such a 
situation occur, it may adversely affect the financial conditions of the Issuer as well as the Portfolio Value and 
may, in turn, result in the Issuer being unable to repay the Debentures at their Repayment Price and/or pay 
Interest, in whole or in part. Accordingly, significant misrepresentations by the Originator would have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations, financial position and consequently the Issuer’s ability perform its 
obligations under the Debentures. 
In addition, pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the Originator is obliged to repurchase Mortgage 
Loans which do not fulfil the Eligibility Criteria or otherwise in any other respect do not comply with the 
representations and warranties given by it under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement. There is a risk that the 
Originator will not have the financial resources to meet this obligation, which may adversely affect the value of 
the Portfolio and/or the Issuer’s ability to repay the Debentures at their Repayment Price as well as pay Interest, 
in whole or in part, should it not be possible to sell the relevant Mortgage Loans at a purchase price at least equal 
to the purchase price paid to the Originator.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Risks relating to the Debentures 
Risks relating to the nature of the Debentures 
Limited recourse debt  
The Issuer is a special purpose company with no business operations other than holding the Portfolio and 
issuing, and making payments on, the Debentures. The ability of the Issuer in respect of payments of interest and 
principal under the Debentures and its other costs and expenses, including following the occurrence of any event 
of default, will depend upon and is limited to the receipt of funds from the Portfolio. Hence, if funds from the 
Portfolio, including proceeds following an enforcement of collateral, is insufficient to satisfy the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Debentures any unpaid amount shall nevertheless be deemed discharged in full and any 
relevant payment shall be deemed to cease. Accordingly, should the Portfolio Value and the value of the 
collateral substantially decrease, there is a risk that the Debentureholders will lose some or all of their 
investments in the Debentures. 
Preferential rights of creditors in the event of insolvency  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Debentures will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, and will at 
all times rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, in the event of insolvency, subject to the provisions of applicable 
legislation. This means that in the event of the Issuer’s liquidation, company reorganisation, bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings or similar, the Debentureholders normally receive payment after any prioritised 
creditors, including those which are mandatorily preferred by law, have been fully paid. Further, following 
prioritised creditors having received payment in full, the Debentureholders will have an unsecured claim against 
the Issuer for the amounts due under or in respect of the Debentures, which means that the Debentureholders 
normally would receive payment pro rata with other unsecured creditors. Under the General Terms and 
Conditions, the Issuer is permitted to incur financial indebtedness in addition to the Debentures in a maximum 
amount of five (5) per cent. of the Total Base Amount, and may also create security over its assets to secure such 
indebtedness. Such indebtedness may as a consequence rank ahead of the obligations under the Debentures, 
which may impair the Debentureholders’ rights to payment in the event of insolvency of the Issuer. Accordingly, 
there is a risk of the Debentureholders losing entire, or parts of, their investments in the event of the Issuer’s 
liquidation, company reorganisation, bankruptcy or similar should there be prioritised or other unsecured 
creditors with claims on the Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Terms and Conditions  
Risks relating to the right to receive the Repayment Price 
A Debenture shall be repaid by the Issuer at its Repayment Price no later than ten Business Days after the 
stipulated Repayment Date, or earlier at the option of the Issuer. The Issuer’s ability to repay a Debenture is 
dependent on a number of factors. For example, due to the fact that the Programme is a so called evergreen 
program (i.e. with no predetermined end date) the primary source of funds to repay the Debentures is the issue of 
new Debenture Series. The Issuer’s ability to issue new Debenture Series will depend on market conditions 
pertaining to investments in debt in general and to investments in mortgage loans in particular, as well as the 
availability of competing investment opportunities. Hence, there can be no certainty about the timing of the issue 
of new Debenture Series and there is therefore a risk that funds received from issues of new Debenture Series 
will not be sufficient to enable timely or accurate repayment of the Debentures.  
Another important source of funds for repayment of the Debentures is the Portfolio. The timing of repayment of 
the Mortgage Loans include mortality rates, permanent moving rates and the rate of voluntary prepayments of 
such promissory notes. As there can be no certainty about the timing of repayment of any of the Mortgage 
Loans, there is a risk that there will not be sufficient receipts from the Portfolio alone or together with the finds 
raised from the issues of new Debenture Series, to enable the timely repayment of the Debentures. If the 
Portfolio does not generate sufficient cash flow, or the Issuer is unable to issue new Debentures Series, it will 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to repay the Debentures at maturity. 
Further to above, the General Terms and Conditions gives the Manager a right to, at its sole discretion, postpone 
a scheduled repayment in whole or in part up to twelve (12) months, if it determines that it is not possible to sell 
a sufficient part of the Portfolio for a purchase price equal to the principal capital amount of the relevant 
Mortgage Loans. There is a risk that such postponement is not aligned with the interests of all or some of the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Debentureholders. Furthermore, there is a risk that such postponement may entail financial deficit for a single 
Debentureholder in need of the funds from such postponed repayment.  
Risks relating to prepayment of the Debentures 
According to the General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may, without any extraordinary compensation to the 
Debentureholders, prepay the Debentures if it becomes unlawful, or such unlawfulness is imminent, for the 
Issuer to perform its obligations under the General Terms and Conditions, or if a substantial decrease in revenue 
occurs, or is imminent, for the Issuer or substantial additional or increased cost are incurred or suffered by, or are 
imminent for, the Issuer, as a result of (i) the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, 
administration or application of) any law or regulation or (ii) compliance with any law or regulation made after 
the date of General Terms and Conditions. The Issuer is subject to a large number of laws and regulations as well 
as government policies and general recommendations, such as the Consumer Credit Act. In addition, the Issuer is 
under regulatory supervision. As a result there is a higher risk of changes to such regulatory framework that 
could result in a situation where it becomes unlawful or more burdensome for the Issuer to conduct its operations 
being implemented and thus give rise to a prepayment of the Debentures as previously described. 
In addition, the Manager is authorised and registered by the SFSA as an alternative investment fund manager. 
The Manager is therefore subject to the requirements imposed on fund managers pursuant to the Swedish 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Act (lag (2013:561 om förvaltare av alternativa investeringsfonder)) 
(the “AIFM Act”) (including, but not limited to, requirements on conduct of business, regulatory capital and 
marketing). There is a risk that the Manager fails to comply with the AIFM Act requirements, which could result 
in the SFSA imposing additional requirements on the Manager or, in the worst case, revoking the Manager’s 
authorisation as an alternative investment fund manager. This may give rise to a prepayment of the Debentures 
as mentioned above. Should such prepayment risk materialise and the Issuer resolves to prepay the Debentures 
as a result thereof, there is a risk that the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio in such a situation cannot be sold for a 
purchase price equal to their respective principal capital amount and thus risking the Debentures being repaid at 
a price lower than the Repayment Price. 
Inaccurate valuation of the Portfolio 
The Issue Price and the Repayment Price for the Debentures will depend on the Portfolio Value, which will be 
determined in accordance with the Valuation Policy. The method for valuation set out in the aforementioned 
policy is based on discounting of future cash flows in respect of the assets in the Portfolio. The method uses a 
valuation routine based on the average interest rates of the Swedish banks in respect of mortgage loans, made 
public in accordance with regulation adopted by the SFSA. There is a risk that this valuation method does not 
accurately reflect the actual market value of the Portfolio. Thus, investors may, at issuance, pay an Issue Price 
for new Debentures exceeding the actual market value, or, upon redemption, receive a Repayment Price falling 
below the actual market value of the Debentures repaid or repurchased by the Issuer. Accordingly, the 
Debentureholders may, at issuance, pay an Issue Price for new Debentures that exceeds the actual market value 
and existing Debentureholders will be diluted and thus negatively affected if new Debentures are issued at an 
Issue Price that is below the actual market value of the Debentures, which presents a significant risk for the value 
of a single Debentureholder’s investment.  
Risks relating to the admission of the Debentures to trading on a regulated market 
There may not be an active trading market for the Debentures  
Although the Debentures are intended to be admitted to trading on a regulated market, the Issuer is of the 
opinion that Debentureholders who subscribe for Debentures on the primary market will do so with the intention 
of retaining such Debentures until the Repayment Date, which is in line with, as far as the Manager is aware, the 
fact that no active secondary trading has been developed in respect of the debentures previously issued and 
admitted to trading on a regulated market by the Issuer. Furthermore, the Debentures are new securities that have 
limited distribution and for which there is currently no established trading. There is thus a risk that an active 
trading market for the Debentures will not develop, or, if one does develop, that it will not be maintained. If an 
active trading market for the Debentures does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and 
liquidity of the Debentures may be adversely affected. The Debentures may consequently trade at a discount to 
their initial issue price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. If, for any reason, a Debentureholder needs to 
realise its investment prior to the Repayment Date, it may, due to the foregoing, be difficult to dispose the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Debentures and it may thus be difficult to ensure that the price corresponds to the real value of the Debentures. 
Failure or inability to dispose of the Debentures due to lack of active trading would adversely affect 
Debentureholders possibility to realise its investment prior to its maturity and presents a significant risk for a 
single Debentureholder. 
Market price of the Debentures may be volatile 
The market price of the Debentures could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or 
anticipated variations in value and yield of the Portfolio, adverse business developments, changes to the 
regulatory environment in which the Issuer operates, as well as other factors. In addition, in recent years, the 
global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations which, if repeated in the 
future, could adversely affect the market price of the Debentures without regard to the value and yield of the 
Portfolio. An example of the foregoing is the current outbreak of the coronavirus during 2019–2021 that, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, has had a significant impact on the financial markets (including increased 
volatility). The degree to which the market price of the Debentures may vary in the future is uncertain, and 
presents a significant risk for a single Debentureholder who wishes to dispose its Debentures on the market.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION STRUCTURE 
Principal transaction structure 
The principal transaction structure under the Programme as at the date of this Prospectus is illustrated in the 
chart below. 
 
1. 
The Originator provides borrowers with Mortgage Loans.  
2. 
The Mortgage Loans are funded by a credit agreement between the Originator and a lender. 
3. 
The Issuer draws down funds committed by investors under Subscription Undertakings. 
4. 
The Mortgages Loans are sold to the Issuer under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and 
funds from investors are used by the Issuer to pay the purchase price for the Mortgage 
Loans to the Originator. 
5. 
The purchase price received by the Originator from the Issuer is used by the Originator to 
repay debt under the credit agreement.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
THE PROGRAMME  
This section contains a brief summary of the Programme and its method of subscription and issuance. A decision 
to invest in the Debentures must be based on the investors’ assessment of the Base Prospectus as a whole, 
including the General Terms and Conditions and documents incorporated by reference.  
Introduction 
The Programme has been established by the Issuer for the continuing issuance of Debentures and constitutes the 
Issuer’s main funding source. The nominal amount for each Debenture will be SEK 1,000,000. Debentures under 
a Debenture Series may only be issued during one calendar year. The Programme is aimed for professional and 
qualified investors primarily in the Swedish debt capital market and specifically for institutions that have long-
term liabilities and a strong visibility into future cash flows. This includes life insurers, occupational pension 
providers and pension foundations. The objective is to permanently create a stable higher risk-adjusted return as 
an alternative to investing in covered bonds.  
The Issuer is an alternative investment fund and as such subject to the AIFM Act. The Manager operates as 
external AIF manager (extern AIF-förvaltare) for the Issuer. Investments in the fund so created are made through 
Debentures issued by the Issuer pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions.  
The complete terms and conditions for a Debenture Series will consist of the General Terms and Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms (prepared for each Debenture Series) (together, the “Conditions”) (see the sections 
“General Terms and Conditions” and “Form of Final Terms”). Each Debenture Series will be governed by 
Swedish law. 
Subscription Undertaking 
Investor commitments are continuously accepted through Subscription Undertakings, under which subscribers 
agree to the total amount that they wish to invest in Debentures. The minimum commitment per investor is 
SEK 50,000,000. The frequency with which the Issuer will be issuing Debentures will depend on the Mortgage 
Loans available for sale from the Originator. 
Under the Subscription Undertakings, investors agree to provide funds within five Business Days from the date 
of a notice from the Issuer. If an investor fails to make a payment pursuant to such notice from the Issuer, the 
investor shall pay a penalty of SEK 50,000 plus default interest at a rate eight per cent. per annum on the 
overdue amount, until the date of actual payment. In addition, if the amount is not paid in full within ten 
Business Days after the due date, the Issuer will for as long as such amount is outstanding have the right to 
cancel the Subscription Undertaking. Following a cancellation, the investor will, in addition to the foregoing and 
among other amounts, pay to the Issuer the lower of (i) twenty per cent. of the amounts committed but not yet 
utilised under the relevant Subscription Undertaking and (ii) SEK 10,000,000. 
The Issuer shall pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions request funds from investors in the following 
manner: 
(a) 
All Subscription Undertakings which have been made during one calendar quarter, and where 
conditions precedent are satisfied or waived, shall be exhausted before any Subscription Undertakings 
made during subsequent calendar quarters are utilised. This applies irrespective of the length of the 
period during which the Subscription Undertakings remain valid. 
(b) 
Subscription Undertakings made during the same calendar quarter, and where conditions precedent are 
satisfied or waived, shall be utilised pro rata. 
Issue Price and Repayment Price 
The Issue Price will be determined by the net asset value of the Portfolio. The share of the overall Portfolio that 
is acquired by an investor in an issue is calculated as the investor’s investment in the issue, divided by the sum of 
the pre-issue net asset value of the Portfolio, plus the value of the new issue. See also the section “General 
Terms and Conditions” below.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
The Repayment Price is calculated as the Debentureholder’s share of the outstanding Debentures multiplied by 
the net asset value of the Portfolio prior to repayment. See also the section “General Terms and Conditions” 
below. 
Admission to trading 
The Debentures currently outstanding are admitted to trading on the debt securities segment of NGM. Each 
newly issued Debenture shall be admitted to trading on the debt securities segment of NGM no later than twelve 
(12) months from its issuance. 
Depositary  
The Issuer has appointed Intertrust Depositary Services (Sweden) AB (the “Depositary”) as depositary 
(förvaringsinstitut) for the Issuer. 
The corporate registration number of the Depositary is 556944-1172 and the seat of its board of directors is 
Stockholm, Sweden. The Depositary has not registered any LEI code. The Issuer’s principal place of business is 
in Stockholm, Sweden, and its registered address is Sveavägen 9, 103 25 Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone 
number of the Depositary is +46 8 402 72 00. The Depositary’s website is intertrustgroup.com/our-
locations/europe/sweden. The information on the Depositary’s website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The depositary services will be performed by the Depositary, who will manage, among other things: (i) cash 
flow monitoring and reconciliation, (ii) safekeeping of assets, verification of ownership and (iii) oversight duties. 
The Depositary shall among other things monitor the cash flows of the Issuer and ensure that all payments made 
by the investors for the subscription of Debentures and verify the ownership of the assets of the Issuer and 
maintain a register of the assets of the Issuer. In addition, the Depositary shall monitor that sales, new issues, 
repurchases, redemptions and cancellation of Debentures are made in accordance with the AIFM Act, the 
General Terms and Conditions and the constitutional documents of the Issuer. The depositary agreement is 
further described under “the Depositary Services Agreement”. 
The Depositary may not delegate its obligations as depositary to another party. 
Clearing 
Debentures are unilateral dematerialised promissory notes, which are issued for public trading and which are 
freely transferrable. Debentures will be registered with Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191,101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden, and its online account-based system (the VPC-system) and, thus, no physical securities will be issued. 
Clearing and settlement will take place in the VPC-system. 
Withholding tax 
Investments in the Debentures do not give raise to any withholding tax under Swedish tax law and the Issuer is 
not liable to gross up any payments by virtue of any withholding tax.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
THE PORTFOLIO 
Assets of the Portfolio 
The Portfolio consists of promissory notes executed by, and evidencing loans made to, private individuals, 
secured by either (i) mortgage certificates (pantbrev), whether physical or electronic, over real estate or (ii) a 
pledge of right to cooperative flats (bostadsrätt). 
Key terms of the Mortgage Loans 
A Mortgage Loan will, if not otherwise agreed between the borrower and the creditor, mature as follows from 
the Originator’s general terms and conditions in respect of Mortgage Loans, as amended from time to time. 
Mortgage Loans with a loan-to-value of more than fifty per cent. but less than seventy per cent. shall be 
amortising at a minimum rate of one per cent. per annum.  
The interest rate applying to a Mortgage Loan will be determined on the date of disbursement and will equal the 
average interest rate applied by the six largest mortgage lenders in the Swedish market in respect of Mortgage 
Loans with similar characteristics, decreased with a discount no higher than one half of a per cent. The interest 
will be fixed during an interest period (villkorsperiod) of three months, three years, five years or ten years, as 
selected by the borrower.  
The Mortgage Loans may be prepaid in advance by the borrowers as described in the risk factor “Voluntary 
prepayment of Mortgage Loans”. 
The Mortgage Loans may be terminated in advance by the creditor upon the occurrence of one of the following 
events of default, which are the exhaustive termination rights permitted under the Consumer Credit Act 
(konsumentkreditlagen (2010:1846)): 
(a) the borrower is more than one month in arrears in payment of an amount exceeding ten per cent. of the 
outstanding debt; 
(b) the borrower is more than one month in arrears in payment of an amount exceeding five per cent. of the 
outstanding debt and the arrear relates to two or more payments with different due dates; 
(c) the borrower is in any other way in material default in payment; 
(d) the security for the Mortgage Loan has materially deteriorated; or 
(e) it is evident that the borrower by absconding, disposing of the property or in any other way tries to avoid 
responsibility for his or her outstanding debt. 
In addition, the creditor is entitled to terminate a Mortgage Loan in advance if extraordinary circumstances 
applies on an interest period selection date (villkorsändringsdag). 
Representations and warranties 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the Originator will make certain representations and warranties 
in respect of the Mortgage Loans. These will in summary include, but will not be limited to, the following: 
(a) 
Eligibility Criteria: each Mortgage Loan which will be transferred complies on the relevant purchase date 
with the Eligibility Criteria; 
(b) 
Ownership: on each purchase date immediately before the sale of Mortgage Loans, it is the sole legal 
owner of the Mortgage Loans to be transferred to the Issuer on such purchase date and is entitled to sell 
such Mortgage Loans and no creditor of the Originator will, after completion of the transfer, have any 
rights as against any of the transferred Mortgage Loans or the relevant collateral;

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
(c) 
Promissory notes: the promissory notes pertaining to the transferred Mortgage Loans and the pertaining 
collateral will, on the relevant purchase date, be deposited with the Custodian and/or the Depositary (as 
applicable); 
(d) 
Security: the security over the transferred Mortgage Loans granted in favour of the lender to the 
Originator will be released simultaneously with the payment of the purchase price and the transferred 
Mortgage Loans are sold to the Issuer free and clear of any security; 
(e) 
Solvency: no step has been taken or is intended by it or, so far as it is aware, by any other person for the 
winding-up, liquidation, bankruptcy, company reorganisation, dissolution or administration of it, or for 
the appointment of a receiver or administrator or liquidator or administrative receiver of it; and 
(f) 
Filing: it is not necessary for the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of the 
Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement that the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement or any other document be filed 
or recorded with any court or other authority in Sweden or that any stamp or similar tax be paid or in 
respect of the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, save in the case of enforcement, for submission of the 
Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement and related documents with the court and payment of nominal filing fees 
in Sweden. 
“Eligibility Criteria” means the following criteria: 
(a) 
Terms and Interest: the Mortgage Loan has been granted substantially on the terms set out in the 
Originator’s general terms and conditions in respect of Mortgage Loans and its standard European 
consumer credit information form, and carries interest in accordance with the Credit Policy; 
(b) 
Documentation: the Mortgage Loan and the related collateral are documented substantially in the 
form of the Standard Customer Documents; 
(c) 
Collateral: the Mortgage Loan is secured by a first ranking pledge over mortgage certificates 
(pantbrev) or rights to cooperative flats (bostadsrätt), in each case owned solely by the relevant 
borrower(s) and no party other than the lender under the Mortgage Loan has any rights as against 
any such collateral;  
(d) 
Credit Policy: the Mortgage Loan meets each relevant criteria in the Credit Policy (including any 
loan value requirements) and has been serviced in compliance with the Credit Policy and no 
amendments or waivers have been given except in accordance with the Credit Policy; 
(e) 
No material breach: there is no overdue payment by the borrower outstanding under the Mortgage 
Loan and the Originator is not aware of any other material breach by the borrower of the terms; 
(f) 
No litigation: the Originator has not received written notice of any litigation or claim by the 
borrower relating to such Mortgage Loan or the related collateral or to the Originator’s ability to 
enforce the terms of the Mortgage Loan and the related documents; 
(g) 
No misrepresentation: the Originator is not aware of any fraud, misrepresentation or concealment 
in relation to the Mortgage Loan or the related collateral by the borrower or any third party; 
(h) 
Borrower: the borrower is a natural person and not, at the time of origination of the Mortgage Loan, 
an employee of the Originator or a member of the Group; 
(i) 
Originals: the Custodian, the Mortgage Loan Administrator or the New Mortgage Loan 
Administrator (as applicable) will at the relevant purchase date have in its possession or under its 
control the original promissory note for the Mortgage Loan, any security document(s) and any 
mortgage certificate(s); 
(j) 
Valid and binding: the Mortgage Loan and the documents pertaining to the relevant collateral have 
been duly executed (including a mortgage consent from spouse/cohabitee where necessary) and

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations (subject to bankruptcy, reorganisation, 
insolvency and other laws affecting the rights of creditors generally); 
(k) 
Currency: the Mortgage Loan is denominated and payable in Swedish krona; 
(l) 
Assignability: the Mortgage Loan can be freely and validly transferred by way of a sale, without 
any requirement to obtain consent from the borrower; 
(m) 
Set-off: the Originator is not aware of any circumstances which would give rise to any right of set-
off, withholding, suspension, counterclaim, defence or deduction by the borrower in respect of the 
Mortgage Loan; 
(n) 
Books and records: on behalf of the Originator, the Custodian and the Depositary (as applicable) 
have kept full and proper accounts, books and records showing all material transactions, payments, 
receipts and proceedings relating to the Mortgage Loan and the collateral; and 
(o) 
Compliance with laws: the terms of the Mortgage Loan and the collateral comply with the 
Consumer Credit Act (konsumentkreditlagen (2010:1846)), the Act on Certain Mortgage Activities 
(lag (2014:275) om viss verksamhet med konsumentkrediter) and the Mortgage Business Act (lag 
(2016:1024) om verksamhet med bostadskrediter), as applicable, and other similar regulation under 
Swedish law including the rules and regulations of the SFSA and the Swedish Consumer Agency 
(Konsumentverket). 
Portfolio Value  
As per 30 June 2021, the net asset value of the Portfolio was SEK 18,611,000,000.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
THE ISSUER AND THE MANAGER 
Introduction 
The Issuer was incorporated on 26 May 2016 in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration 
Office (Bolagsverket) on 5 September 2016. The Issuer is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) 
regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The share capital of the Issuer totals 
SEK 500,000 and is divided into 50,000 ordinary shares, all in the same series. Each share has a quota value of 
SEK 10 and the share capital is fully paid up. The Issuer’s articles of association includes a consent clause 
(samtyckesförbehåll), a right of first refusal clause (förköp) and a post-transfer purchase right 
(hembudsförbehåll), which in each case may delay, defer or prevent a change in control of the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Stabelo Fund 1 AB (publ). The corporate registration number of the 
Issuer is 559075-0203 and the seat of the board of directors is Stockholm, Sweden. The Issuer’s LEI code is 
549300RZJDOA8F9V8A87. The Issuer’s principal place of business is in Stockholm, Sweden, its registered 
address is Sturegatan 15, 1 trn, 114 36 Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone number of the Issuer is +46 10 410 35 
10. The Issuer’s website is www.stabeloassetmanagement.se. The information on the Issuer’s website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is an alternative investment fund under the AIFM Act and the Manager has been 
authorised and registered by the SFSA as the Issuer’s external alternative investment fund manager (extern AIF-
förvaltare). The Manager’s legal and commercial name is Stabelo Asset Management AB. The corporate 
registration number of the Manager is 559064-2384. 
The Originator’s legal and commercial name is Stabelo AB. The corporate registration number of the Originator 
is 559064-2376. The Originator provides Mortgage Loans to borrowers which are sold to the Issuer under the 
Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement. After the Issuer has acquired the Mortgage Loans from the Originator, the 
Originator provides administrative services in respect of such Mortgage Loans (in such capacity, the 
“Servicer”).  
Summary of the Issuer’s history and development 
2016 
The Issuer was founded. 
2017 
The Issuer changed its corporate name to Stabelo Fund 1 AB (publ) and transferred 
into a public limited liability company. 
2018 
First Debentures were issued on NGM Debt Securities. 
2019 
The Issuer’s Portfolio Value exceeded MSEK 9,778. 
 
Relevant legislation and supervision 
The Originator is under the supervision of the SFSA and is licensed as a consumer credit company under the Act 
on Certain Mortgage Activities (lag (2014:275) om viss verksamhet med konsumentkrediter). 
The Manager is under the supervision of the SFSA and is licensed as a Swedish alternative investment fund 
manager (“AIFM”) under the AIFM Act. 
Use of funds and business of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a special purpose company whose principal activity is to, in accordance with section 3 of the 
Issuer’s articles of association, on a continuous basis acquire Mortgage Loans, primarily from the Originator. 
Currently the Issuer acquires Mortgage Loans twice per week.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
The Issuer’s investment restrictions, setting out the scope of its investment focus, are ultimately governed by the 
General Terms and Conditions. The General Terms and Conditions stipulate that all acquired Mortgage Loans 
shall comply with the Pricing Policy and the Credit Policy, including meeting the Eligibility Criteria set out in 
the section “The Portfolio” above. In addition, the acquired Mortgage Loans will be secured either by (i) 
mortgage certificates, whether physical or electronic, over real estate or (ii) a pledge of right to cooperative flats 
and shall, among other things, have the characteristics set out in the section “The Portfolio” above. 
As further set out in Clause 15.7 of the General Terms and Conditions, any changes to the Issuer’s investment 
restrictions and the scope of its investment focus (including any changes to the Pricing Policy and the Credit 
Policy) require the consent of Debentureholders representing at least ninety (90) per cent of the Total Base 
Amount for which Debentureholders are voting at a Debentureholders’ meeting or for which Debentureholders 
reply in a written procedure.  
Since the date of the Issuer’s latest unaudited financial statements and until September 2021, the Issuer has 
acquired portfolios of Mortgage Loans from the Originator for an aggregated purchase price totalling 
SEK 1,338,003,902. 
Each decision to acquire a portfolio of Mortgage Loans is made by the Manager on behalf of the Issuer on a 
continuous basis, currently twice a week. On the date hereof, no commitment from the Issuer to acquire 
Mortgage Loans has been made. 
The acquisitions of Mortgage Loans will be funded by the continuous issuance of Debentures in the Swedish 
debt capital market. 
Any unutilised funds held by the Issuer shall be (i) placed on short term bank deposits, (ii) invested in debt 
securities issued or guaranteed by the government of Sweden or (iii) invested in covered bonds (säkerställda 
obligationer) or equivalent debt securities with a credit rating of at least AA from Standard & Poor’s Rating 
Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd, or Aa2 from Moody’s Investor Services Limited. 
On the date hereof, the Issuer has not launched any principal products or activates, other than follows from this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Swedish mortgage lending market 
This sub-section contains certain information sourced from third parties. This information has been accurately 
reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by those third 
parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
However, the Issuer has not independently verified the information and therefore, the accuracy and 
completeness cannot be guaranteed. 
The Issuer operates primarily on the mortgage lending market in Sweden, a market which during 2020 totalled to 
SEK 3,658 billion, which represented more than 74 per cent. of the Swedish GDP at the same time.3 
The Swedish mortgage lending market is competitive as both traditional and new lenders try to expand their 
presence in or to facilitate their entry into the market and compete for customers. During 2020 eight mortgage 
lenders accounted for approximately 94 per cent. of the entire market.4 As the mortgage lending business is a 
regulated activity, its regulatory framework set out a barrier to market entry for new lenders. 
 
3 http://www.statistikdatabasen.scb.se/pxweb/sv/ssd/START__FM__FM0401/MFIM1/ (retrieved 29 October 2021). 
4 http://www.statistikdatabasen.scb.se/pxweb/sv/ssd/START__FM__FM0401/MFIM1/ (retrieved 29 October 2021).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Costs and expenses 
Operational costs and expenses 
The Manager is entitled to the Management Fee as remuneration for its services provided to the Issuer and all 
costs incurred in relation thereto. The Management Fee shall cover all administrative and other costs for the 
operation of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, (i) set-up costs for establishing the Issuer, (ii) legal, audit, 
custodial, consulting, valuation and other professional fees relating to the Issuer, (iii) bank fees, (iv) 
remuneration to the board of directors, (v) costs for the listing of the Debentures, (vi) fees to the CSD, the 
Depositary and the Custodian, and (vii) costs relating to the Issuer acquiring, holding, selling or disposing of 
Mortgage Loans. The Management Fee is different for different Debenture Series and depends on the 
performance of the Issuer. The Management Fee is calculated on the aggregate Base Amount for each Debenture 
Series and will be not less than 0.20 per cent. and not more than 0.30 per cent. per annum. 
The Servicer is entitled to the Sourcing and Servicing Cost as remuneration for its services provided to the Issuer 
and all costs incurred in relation thereto. The Sourcing and Servicing Cost will be no higher than 0.25 per cent. 
per annum calculated on the aggregate principal capital amount of all Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio, less the 
amount written off (gjorda reserveringar) on such Mortgage Loans.  
Other costs and expenses 
Other than the operational costs and expenses described above, the Issuer is not permitted under the General 
Terms and Conditions to incur any additional costs or expenses. 
Investment strategy and risk profile 
Investment strategy 
The Issuer will invest in Swedish residential mortgages collateralised by single family houses as well as tenant-
owned flats. The Issuer will have stricter requirements for maximum loan-to-value and borrower debt servicing 
capacity for the Mortgage Loans in which it will invest than what are currently the credit policies of the large 
Swedish residential mortgage providers. In the highly centralised Swedish mortgage market, mortgage rates are 
not primarily distinguished based on credit risk. Thus, the best risk-reward is found in the highest quality tranche 
of the Swedish mortgage market and the Fund will allow a maximum loan-to-value of 60 per cent and expects to 
achieve an average loan-to-value of below 40 per cent (as further described in the section “The Portfolio” above. 
Additional features included in the Credit Policy include measures to capture the double leverage for cooperative 
flats and their associations. 
Asset management target 
The Issuer’s asset management target is aimed at achieving total net returns that correspond to the return of the 
Swedish prime residential mortgage market, adjusted for operational costs and expenses of the Issuer, while 
targeting only the most conservative part of the market and thereby keeping the risk profile low. 
Leverage 
The Issuer is a closed-ended alternative investment fund and will not employ leverage (finansiell hävstång) at 
the Issuer level, provided that the Issuer may incur financial indebtedness which does not at any time exceed five 
(5) per cent. of the Total Base Amount. 
Risk control 
The Manager has a separate risk control function that operates independently of the Issuer’s other operations. 
The risk control function is performed by RPM Risk & Portfolio Management AB under a service agreement 
and in accordance with instructions adopted by the Manager. The task of the independent risk control manager 
includes examining that the Issuer is operating in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Compliance 
The Manager has a separate compliance function that operates independently of the Issuer’s other operations. 
Apart from training and providing information to the employees the function ensures that the Issuer is compliant 
with all applicable rules and regulations. The compliance function is performed by Harvest Advokatbyrå AB 
under a service contract and in accordance with instructions adopted by the Manager. The purpose of compliance 
is to ensure that the Manager is able to meet its obligations under the laws, regulations and internal rules that 
regulate the activities of the Manager. 
Internal auditing 
The Manager has established an internal audit function that is separated from and is independent from the other 
activities of the Issuer. The internal audit is performed by Lüsch & Co Revision AB. The task of the internal 
audit function is to examine and assess whether the Manager’s systems, internal control mechanisms and 
procedures are appropriate and effective. Another task is to promote improvements. The function thus monitors 
the Manager’s risk management and compliance activities and reports directly to the board of directors. The 
internal audit function devotes particular attention to examining how the Manager handles regulatory rules and 
reporting requirements, the Manager’s internal rules and security as well as administration. The Manager has 
adopted a set of instructions governing the activities of the internal audit function as well as an audit plan for its 
activities. 
Independent valuation and valuation principles 
The Manager has a separate internal independent valuation function that operates independently of the Issuer’s 
other operations accordingly to the AIFM Act. The valuation is performed through a risk- and valuation system 
supplied by Highlander Downtown North AB (“HLDN”) under a service agreement and in accordance with 
instructions adopted by the Manager. The valuation performed by HLDN is then quality assured by the 
independent valuation function of the Manager. The task of the independent valuation manager is valuing each 
individual mortgage loan. 
The value of a Mortgage Loan is determined by discounting the future contractual cash flows. Cash flows are 
discounted using a discount rate which is equivalent to the market rate of newly issued mortgage receivables 
with the equivalent remaining maturity. In practice this means that the net asset value of all Mortgage Loans at 
the time of purchase is equal to par. It also means that the calculated value of variable rate mortgages will not 
deviate from par in any meaningful way whereas fixed rate mortgages will vary to some extent around the 
nominal value of the receivables. Simulations based on historical interest rate movements (from 1997 and 
onward) give an overall deviation in net present value of the Issuer from the nominal value of the underlying 
Mortgage Loans that is very limited. This is not necessarily a guide to future performance but should be a strong 
indication of limited volatility in the net asset value of the Portfolio.  
Roles and conflict of interests 
The Manager, in its management of the Issuer, shall act exclusively in the interest of the Debentureholders. The 
Manager works continually to identify and manage any potential conflicts of interest. The custodian and 
administrative tasks have both been outsourced to the Custodian and the Depositary (as applicable). The service 
agreement governing the relationship between the Manager and the Depositary does not give rise to conflicts of 
interest. The Manager is a separate legal entity isolated from the Depositary. Compliance, Risk, Internal audit 
and independent valuation manager are all reporting directly to the board of directors. In the event of a (possible) 
conflict of interests that may arise during the normal course of events, the Custodian, the Depositary and the 
Manager will comply with the applicable legislation. 
Principal shareholder 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Manager. The Issuer is not aware of any events or other 
circumstances that could result in a change of control over the Group.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
The board of directors and management 
Neither the directors nor the CEO have been convicted in fraud-related disputes, been involved in bankruptcy, 
liquidation or bankruptcy management during the past five years. 
None of the directors and the CEO have been subject to accusations or sanctions by an authority or organisation 
representing a specific professional group and which is regulated by law or have a business ban imposed on 
them. 
No special agreements have been entered into between larger shareholders, customers, suppliers or other parties 
according to which any executive has been elected to the board of directors or appointed CEO. 
No agreement has been entered between the Issuer and any senior executives regarding benefits or compensation 
after completion of the assignment. No agreement has been entered into involving restrictions for executives of 
the Issuer. 
There are no family ties between the executives. 
Board of directors of the Issuer 
Hans Schedin, chairman since 21 August 2017 
Other principal activities outside the Issuer: 
• 
Member of the board of directors of Advokatfirman Hultman AB, Tjockö Butik och Krog AB and 
Stabelo Asset Management AB. 
Pehr Wissén, director since 28 March 2019 
Other principal activities outside the Issuer: 
• 
Member of the board of directors of Pehr Wissén AB 
• 
Member of the board of directors of Bankforskningsinstitutet 
• 
Professor Emeritus of Practice at Swedish House of Finance at Stockholm School of Economics. 
Michael Ingelög, deputy chairman since 21 August 2017 
Other principal activities outside the Issuer: 
• 
Member of the board of directors of Basware Oy, Löftet Holding AB, Cellcomb AB, I.A.R. Systems 
Group AB, Svensk Värdepappersservice AB, Almen 21 AB, Carlsy Group AB, Stabelo Group AB, 
Stabelo Asset Management AB and MIMAIN AB. 
All directors have their office addresses at Sturegatan 15, 6th floor, 114 36 Stockholm, Sweden. 
The annual board remuneration of each director amounts to the following:  
• 
Hans Schedin – SEK 150,000;  
• 
Pehr Wissén – SEK 100,000; and  
• 
Michael Ingelög – SEK 0.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Management 
Mats Nilsson, CEO since 21 August 2017 
Other principal activities outside the Issuer: 
• 
CEO of Stabelo Asset Management AB.  
The management of the Issuer consists of its CEO Mats Nilsson. Mats Nilsson has 26 years of experience of 
working with international treasury and fund management from Tanglin Asset Management and Stora Enso. 
The annual remuneration of the CEO amounts to SEK 900,000. 
In addition to the CEO, the Management of the Manager consists of Sofie Wacha (Fund Manager and IR) and 
Ben Wilson (Independent valuation function). Sofie Wacha has 18 years of experience of working with financial 
institutions and debt capital markets at Nordea and Goldman Sachs. 
Transactions with related parties 
The Issuer has not, at the time of approval of the Base Prospectus, made or intends to make any investments in 
or transactions with a person who is related to a natural person who directly or indirectly owns shares in the 
Issuer. 
Corporate governance 
The Issuer has not established any internal committees for auditing or remuneration. 
The Issuer is not obliged, and has not made any undertaking, to follow the Swedish code for corporate 
governance. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young AB, Jakobsbergsgatan 24, 103 99 Stockholm, Sweden is the Issuer’s auditor. Daniel Eriksson is 
the auditor in charge since 9 August 2017. Daniel Eriksson is an authorised public accountant, licensed auditor 
for financial institutions and a member of FAR, the professional institute for auditors in Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
As far as the Issuer is aware, no member of its board of directors or any member of the management of the Issuer 
or the Manager have any personal interests that could conflict with the interests of the Issuer.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Legal group structure 
The Parent owns 100 per cent. of the Originator and 100 per cent. of the Manager and the Manager owns 100 per 
cent. of the Issuer, as illustrated in the chart below. 
The major owners in the Parent are personnel of Stabelo (52.6 per cent.), Avanza Bank Holding AB (publ) (19.2 
per cent.) and Nordax Bank AB (publ) (9.6 per cent.). All percentages refer to both capital and votes in the 
Parent. As far as the Issuer is aware, there are no arrangements in place which could lead to the control over the 
Issuer being changed in the future. 
 
Dependency on the Originator 
As follows from the section “Principal activity” and the section “Key transaction documents” and its sub-
sections “The Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement” and “The Mortgage Servicing Agreement”, the Originator will be 
the seller of Mortgage Loans and will provide administrative services in respect of Mortgage Loans. The Issuer 
will thus depend on the Originator to conduct its operations.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
KEY TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the Originator undertakes to on a semiweekly basis sell 
Mortgage Loans to the Issuer. The Mortgage Loans will be sold with all benefit of the relevant collateral, 
promissory notes and all receivables under the Mortgage Loans.  
The purchase price of the Mortgage Loans will equal the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the portfolio 
of Mortgage Loans together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and fees (if any) as at the purchase date. 
Should the Issuer not be able to purchase the entire portfolio of Mortgage Loans offered by the Originator on the 
purchase date, the Issuer will be entitled and obliged to purchase such part of the offered portfolio of Mortgage 
Loans as permitted by the available funds of the Issuer as at the purchase date. The purchase price for such part 
of the offered portfolio of Mortgage Loans will equal the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Mortgage Loans to be purchased, together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and fees (if any) as at the 
purchase date. The purchase price is paid by the Issuer on the purchase date. 
With respect to matters represented and warranted in the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, the Issuer will, 
otherwise than as stated below in this sub-section, entirely rely on the representations and warranties given by 
the Originator under the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement, which will be contained therein and, in summary, are 
described in section “The Portfolio” and its sub-section “Representations and warranties” above. 
If there is a breach of any representation or warranty given by the Originator under the Mortgage Loan Sale 
Agreement and if such breach is not capable of remedy or is not remedied within twenty-one days of the earlier 
of discovery or receipt of notice of such breach by the Originator, the Originator shall indemnify the Issuer 
against all loss, costs and expenses which may be incurred by the Issuer as the result of such breach. 
The Issuer will make certain enquiries, including as to (i) loan-to-value, (ii) probability of default and (iii) 
compliance with the Credit Policy, in respect of the Mortgage Loans. Such enquiries will be based on review of 
individual loan data for each Mortgage Loan provided by the Originator, and the Issuer will conduct data quality 
reviews in respect of such data. The Issuer will also engage an independent third party auditor to review the 
Mortgage Loans in certain respects. 
The Mortgage Loan Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Servicing Agreement, the Originator undertakes to provide to the Issuer, among 
other things, administrative services in respect of the Mortgage Loans and conduct all communications and 
dealings with each customer in relation to all matters concerning the Mortgage Loans. Such services include but 
are not limited to:  
(a) 
collecting documentation in connection with the origination of Mortgage Loans and taking security 
securing such Mortgage Loans; 
(b) 
assisting in the transfer of Mortgage Loans to the Issuer; 
(c) 
collateral management; 
(d) 
charging of interest; and 
(e) 
repayment and prepayment of Mortgage Loans. 
The Originator may (with certain exceptions) sub-contract its duties under the Mortgage Loan Servicing 
Agreement to any other person. In accordance therewith, the Originator has currently elected to sub-contract 
parts of its duties under the Mortgage Loan Servicing Agreement to Intertrust (Sweden) AB and Tieto Sweden 
AB (the “Old Mortgage Loan Administrator”).

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The Issuer may terminate the Mortgage Loan Servicing Agreement upon the occurrence of certain events, 
including default by the Originator in performing any of its obligations under the Mortgage Loan Servicing 
Agreement. 
In addition, any party may terminate the Mortgage Loan Servicing Agreement by giving the other parties no less 
than twelve months’ notice thereof. 
The Issuer’s costs under the Mortgage Loan Servicing Agreement are covered by the Sourcing and Servicing 
Cost.  
The Custody Service Agreement 
Pursuant to the Custody Service Agreement, the Custodian undertakes to provide to the Originator and the Issuer 
certain custody services. Such services are related to but are not limited to: 
(a) 
holding security for the physical promissory notes by arranging for the promissory notes to be vaulted 
in a safe storage facility with the Custodian, where it is possible to identify and locate the relevant 
promissory note in an orderly and traceable manner; 
(b) 
holding security for the electronic mortgage certificates (elektroniska pantbrev) by keeping them in a 
special archive with Lantmäteriets Pantbrevssystem; 
(c) 
notifying cooperative flats’ associations (bostadsrättsföreningar) that the relevant apartment is pledged 
as security for the relevant Mortgage Loan; and 
(d) 
releasing security upon the repayment of loans by releasing the security over the real property mortgage 
certificates and notifying the cooperative flats’ association of the release of security (as applicable). 
The Custodian may (with certain exceptions) sub-contract its duties under the Custody Service Agreement to any 
other person. In accordance therewith, the Custodian has currently elected to sub-contract parts of its duties 
under the Custody Service Agreement to the Old Mortgage Loan Administrator and Depona AB (the “New 
Mortgage Loan Administrator”). 
The Depositary Services Agreement 
Pursuant to the AIFM Act, the Manager is obliged to ensure that a depositary is appointed in respect of the 
Issuer, and therefore, the Depositary has been appointed under the Depositary Services Agreement.  
The services under the Depositary Services Agreement include but are not limited to: 
(a) 
monitoring the cash flows of the Issuer by ensuring that all payments made by or on behalf of the 
investors upon the subscription of Debentures has been received by the Issuer and ensure that all cash of 
the Issuer has been booked in cash accounts; 
(b) 
verifying the ownership of the assets in the Portfolio and maintain an updated register of such assets 
(for this purpose, the Depositary will register the relevant assets in its records in the name of the Issuer, 
and shall provide, at any time, a comprehensive and up-to-date inventory of the Issuer's assets);  
(c) 
monitor that sales, new issues, repurchases, redemptions and cancellations of Debentures are made in 
accordance with AIFM Act, the General Terms and Conditions and the constitutional documents of the 
Issuer; 
(d) 
ascertain that: 
(i) 
the value of the Debentures is calculated in accordance with AIFM Act, the Conditions and the 
constitutional documents of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
consideration for transactions involving the Issuer’s assets is paid to the Issuer promptly; and 
(e) 
that the Issuer’s income is utilised in accordance with AIFM Act, the General Terms and Conditions 
and the constitutional documents of the Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
The Depositary Services Agreement applies between the parties without any limitation in time. The Depositary 
Services Agreement can be terminated by the Issuer or the Depositary giving no less than three (3) months’ 
written notice. In addition, the Depositary Services Agreement can be terminated with immediate effect upon, 
among other things, a material breach of the Depositary Services Agreement or if any of the parties to the 
Depositary Services Agreement ceases to be authorised and regulated by the SFSA and such 
authorisation/regulation is needed to carry out its activities.  
 
The Comfort Agreement 
Pursuant to the Comfort Agreement, the Manager shall issue, and every nine months renew, a power of attorney 
entitling the Nominated Third Party (as defined in the Comfort Agreement) to upon the occurrence of an 
Acceleration Event which is continuing attend all meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer and to vote at such 
meetings for all shares in the Issuer owned by the Manager and to exercise on behalf of the Manager any other 
rights pertaining to the shares in the Issuer owned by the Manager. The Nominated Third Party shall pursuant to 
the Comfort Agreement act in the best interests of the Debentureholders when exercising its rights under the 
power of attorney issued pursuant to the Comfort Agreement. A failure to issue or renew the power of attorney 
in accordance with the Comfort Agreement constitutes an Acceleration Event. 
The Issuer undertakes pursuant to the Comfort Agreement to, upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event 
which is continuing, at the request of the Nominated Third Party take any and all actions in order to summon a 
meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer. Such meeting shall be held within five Business Days from the request 
of the Nominated Third Party. 
Should a new AIF manager be appointed to replace the Manager as manager of the Issuer, the Manager will 
pursuant to the Comfort Agreement be obliged to sell all the shares in the Issuer owned by the Manager at their 
nominal amount and within ten Business Days to the Nominated Third Party or any person nominated by the 
Nominated Third Party. 
Should the Manager fail to comply with any of its obligations under the Comfort Agreement as described above, 
the Manager shall pay a penalty fee of SEK 10,000,000 to the Nominated Third Party. The penalty fee shall, 
after the Nominated Third Party has deducted compensation for any costs or expenses incurred by it under the 
Comfort Agreement, be distributed pro rata to the Debentureholders.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
CERTAIN FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Capitalization and indebtedness 
The tables below set forth the Issuer’s capitalization and interest-bearing financial indebtedness as of 30 
September 2021.  
Capitalization 
 
SEK 
30 September 2021 
Total current debt 
53,535,766 
Guaranteed 
- 
Secured 
- 
Unguaranteed/unsecured 
53,535,766 
Total non-current debt 
 19,310,399,854 
Guaranteed 
– 
Secured 
– 
Unguaranteed/unsecured 
19,310,399,854 
Shareholders’ equity 
 3,000,000 
Share capital 
500,000 
Legal reserves 
- 
Other reserves 
2,500,00  
Total 
19,366,935,620 
Financial indebtedness 
 
SEK 
30 September 2021 
(A) Cash 
 624,639,873 
(B) Cash equivalents (deposits) 
- 
(C) Trading securities 
- 
(D) Liquidity (A)+(B)+(C)  
624,639,873 
(E) Current financial receivables 
             1,349 
 
(F) Current bank debt 
- 
(G) Current portion of non-current debt 
- 
(H) Other current financial debt 
53,535,766 
(I) Current financial debt (F)+(G)+(H) 
53,535,766 
(J) Net current financial indebtedness (I)-(E)-(D) 
-571,105,456 
(K) Non-current bank debt 
– 
(L) Bonds issued 
– 
(M) Other non-current loans 
18,742,294,398 
(N) Non-current financial indebtedness (K)+(L)+(M) 
18,742,294,398 
(O) Net financial indebtedness: (J)+(N) 
18,171,188,942 
 
Working capital 
The Issuer’s current working capital is, in the opinion of the Issuer, sufficient for the Issuer’s present 
requirements for a period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. In this context, working 
capital refers to Issuer’s ability to access cash and other available liquid resources in order to meet the Issuer’s 
liabilities as they fall due.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Information about the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the SFSA as a competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The SFSA’s approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Authorisations and responsibility 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with this 
Programme and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. The board of directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by 
law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its 
knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Material contracts 
Other than as described under the section “Key transaction documents” above, the Issuer has not concluded any 
material agreements not entered into in the ordinary course of its business which could result in a member of the 
Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Debentureholders. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not, nor has it been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer are aware) during the twelve months 
before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Dividend policy 
The Issuer does not have a dividend policy and the Issuer has not paid any dividends since its incorporation in 
2016. 
Information on taxation 
Tax legislation in the Investor’s domicile member state and the member state of the Issuer may affect any 
income from the Debentures.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Certain material interests 
The Issuer has not identified any interests, including conflicts of interest that is material to the admission to 
trading of the Debentures. 
Issuer’s solvency 
No recent events have occurred which are particular to the Issuer and to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
Trend information and operations prospects 
With exception for the current COVID-19 pandemic, there are, as far as the Issuer is aware, not any known 
trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the 
Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year. The Issuer has not experienced any negative effects as a 
result of the pandemic during Q3 2021, neither financially nor with regard to business operations. Nevertheless, 
the Issuer’s income may be affected by the pandemic as a result of a deterioration in the general economic 
situation in the event of increased unemployment and reduced economic activity. However, it is difficult to make 
reliable forecasts of the potential impact of the pandemic at this point in time. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements, save for the potential impact as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic mentioned 
above. There have been no significant change in the performance of the Issuer since the end of 2020 to the date 
of this Base Prospectus.  
Significant changes since 31 December 2020 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which audited financial statements have been published. 
Material changes to the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure 
Other than issue of Debentures which have generated proceeds in the amount of SEK 4,448,000,000 until 30 
September 2021, there has been no significant change of the borrowing and financing structure of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2020. 
Interests of advisors, etc. 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB is the Issuer’s legal advisor in relation to the Programme and the 
establishment of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Incorporation by reference  
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be read as 
part of this Base Prospectus: 
 
The Issuer’s 2017 annual report5 
 
The audited financial information and the audit report on: 
a) page 3 for Statement of change in Equity (Rapport över förändring i 
Eget Kapital); 
b) page 4 for Income statement (Resultaträkning); 
c) page 5 for Balance sheet (Balansräkning); 
d) pages 6-7 for Notes (Noter); and  
e) pages 8-9 for Independent auditor’s report (Revisionsberättelse). 
The Issuer’s 2018 annual report6 
 
The audited financial information and the audit report on: 
a) page 5 for Income statement (Resultaträkning); 
b) page 6 for Balance sheet (Balansräkning); 
c) page 7 for Statement of change in Equity (Rapport över förändring i 
Eget Kapital); 
d) page 8 for Cash flow statement (Kassaflödesanalys);  
e) pages 9–22 for Notes (Noter); and  
f) 
pages 24–26 for Independent auditor’s report (Revisionsberättelse). 
The Issuer’s 2019 annual report7 
 
The audited financial information and the audit report on: 
a) page 5 for Income statement (Resultaträkning); 
b) page 6 for Balance sheet (Balansräkning); 
c) page 7 for Statement of change in Equity (Rapport över förändring i 
Eget Kapital); 
d) page 8 for Cash flow statement (Kassaflödesanalys); 
e) pages 9-24 for Notes (Noter); and 
f) 
pages 26-28 for Independent auditor’s report (Revisionsberättelse). 
The Issuer’s 2020 annual report8 
The audited financial information and the audit report on: 
a) page 5 for Income statement (Resultaträkning); 
b) page 6 for Balance sheet (Balansräkning); 
c) page 8 for Statement of change in Equity (Rapport över förändring i 
Eget Kapital); 
d) page 9 for Cash flow statement (Kassaflödesanalys); 
e) pages 10-24 for Notes (Noter); and 
f) 
pages 27-30 for Independent auditor’s report (Revisionsberättelse). 
The Issuer’s 2021 interim report9 
The unaudited financial information on: 
a) page 4 for Income statement (Resultaträkning); 
b) page 5-6 for Balance sheet (Balansräkning); 
 
5 https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/wordpress.stabelo.se.eu-central-1/uploads/sites/2/2018/05/AR_Stabelo_Fund_1_AB_2018.pdf 
6 https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/static.stabelo.net.eu-central-1/documents/Stabeloarsredovisning2018.pdf 
7 https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/wordpress.stabelo.se.eu-central-1/uploads/sites/2/2020/03/Fund-1-%C3%85R-2019_Signed_Total-
3.pdf 
8 https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/wordpress.stabelo.se.eu-central-1/uploads/sites/2/2021/04/Stabelo-Fund-1-AB-AR-
2020_Signed.pdf 
9 https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/wordpress.stabelo.se.eu-central-1/uploads/sites/2/2021/08/20210819-SF1-AB-Interim-report-
2021_Q1-publish_total.pdf

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
c) page 7 for Statement of change in Equity (Rapport över förändring i 
Eget Kapital); 
d) page 8 for Cash flow statement (Kassaflödesanalys); and 
e) pages 9-22 for Notes (Noter). 
 
The parts of the above-mentioned documents that are not incorporated are either addressed in other sections of 
the Base Prospectus, or considered to not be relevant for potential investors. 
The Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended on 31 December 2017 has been prepared in accordance 
with the Annual Report Act (årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)) and guidelines adopted by the Swedish 
Accounting Standards Board (Bokföringsnämndens allmänna råd BFNAR 2016:10 Årsredovisning i mindre 
företag).  
The Issuer’s annual reports for the financial years ended on 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020 have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, as 
prescribed by the European Union (IFRS). The accounting and reporting of the Issuer during 2018, 2019 and 
2020 follows the recommendation of the Swedish Financial Reporting Council RFR2 for legal entities whose 
securities are listed on a regulated market in Sweden. 
The Issuer’s annual reports from 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 have been audited by the Issuer’s auditor. No other 
information in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s auditor. 
Documents on display 
Copies of the following documents are electronically available at the Issuer’s website, 
www.stabeloassetmanagement.se/fund/, during the term of the Base Prospectus: 
• 
the Issuer’s certificate of incorporation; and 
• 
the Issuer’s articles of association.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
ADDRESSES 
The Issuer 
Stabelo Fund 1 AB (publ)  
Postal address 
Sturegatan 15, 1st floor 
SE-114 36 Stockholm, Sweden 
website: stabeloassetmanagement.se 
Legal adviser to the Issuer 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Postal address 
Box 1711 
111 87 Stockholm, Sweden 
website: mannheimerswartling.se 
Auditor to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young AB  
Postal address 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24 
103 99 Stockholm, Sweden 
website: ey.com

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
STABELO FUND 1 AB (publ) 
PARTICIPATING DEBENTURES 
 
Originally dated 27 October 2017, and as amended and restated on 28 February 2018, 28 June 2018, 
16 November 2018 and 29 September 2020 
 
The Terms and Conditions as amended and restated on 29 September 2020 (the “Grandfather Date”) 
shall apply for all Debentures issued from and including the Grandfather Date, and the Terms and 
Conditions as amended and restated on 16 November 2018 shall apply for all Debentures issued 
before the Grandfather Date 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Debentures or the 
possession, circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or 
the Debentures in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. 
Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves 
about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions. 
 
 
 
 
PRIVACY NOTICE 
 
The Issuer and the Manager may collect and process personal data relating to the Debentureholders, 
the Debentureholders’ representatives or agents, and other persons nominated to act on behalf of the 
Debentureholders pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (name, contact details and, when relevant, 
holding of Debentures). The personal data relating to the Debentureholder is primarily collected from 
the registry kept by the CSD. The personal data relating to other persons is primarily collected 
directly from such persons. 
 
The personal data collected will be processed by the Issuer and the Agent for the following purposes:

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
(a) 
to exercise their respective rights and fulfil their respective obligations under these 
Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
to manage the administration of the Debentures and payments under the 
Debentures; 
(c) 
to enable the Debentureholders to exercise their rights under these Terms and 
Conditions; and 
(d) 
to comply with their obligations under applicable laws and regulations. 
 
The processing of personal data by the Issuer and the Manager in relation to items (a)-(c) is based on 
their legitimate interest to exercise their respective rights and to fulfil their respective obligations 
under these Terms and Conditions. In relation to item (d), the processing is based on the fact that such 
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation incumbent on the Issuer or Manager. 
Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, the personal data collected will not be kept longer 
than necessary given the purpose of the processing. 
 
Personal data collected may be shared with third parties, such as the CSD, when necessary to fulfil 
the purpose for which such data is processed. 
 
Subject to any legal preconditions, the applicability of which have to be assessed in each individual 
case, data subjects have the rights as follows. Data subjects have right to get access to their personal 
data and may request the same in writing at the address of the Issuer and the Manager, respectively. 
In addition, data subjects have the right to (i) request that personal data is rectified or erased, (ii) 
object to specific processing, (iii) request that the processing be restricted and (iv) receive personal 
data provided by themselves in machine-readable format. Data subjects are also entitled to lodge 
complaints with the relevant supervisory authority if dissatisfied with the processing carried out. 
 
The Issuer’s and the Manager’s addresses, and the contact details for their respective Data Protection 
Officers (if applicable), are found on their websites www.stabeo.se and 
www.stabeloassetmanagmenet.se.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION ................................................................................... 40 
2. 
STATUS OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................... 48 
3. 
STATUS OF DEBENTURES...................................................................................................... 48 
4. 
ISSUE OF DEBENTURES ......................................................................................................... 49 
5. 
DEBENTURES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM ............................................................................... 50 
6. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A DEBENTUREHOLDER ................................................ 51 
7. 
USE OF FUNDS AND BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER ............................................................... 51 
8. 
INTEREST ................................................................................................................................... 51 
9. 
REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE OF DEBENTURES ........................................................ 53 
10. 
PAYMENTS ................................................................................................................................ 55 
11. 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE PORTFOLIO ............................................ 55 
12. 
INFORMATION TO DEBENTUREHOLDERS ........................................................................ 57 
13. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS ................................................................................................... 59 
14. 
ACCELERATION OF DEBENTURES ...................................................................................... 61 
15. 
DECISIONS BY DEBENTUREHOLDERS ............................................................................... 63 
16. 
DEBENTUREHOLDERS’ MEETING ....................................................................................... 66 
17. 
WRITTEN PROCEDURE ........................................................................................................... 67 
18. 
MISCELLANEOUS .................................................................................................................... 67 
19. 
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ........................................................ 68 
20. 
BARRING BY LIMITATION ..................................................................................................... 68 
21. 
NOTICES ..................................................................................................................................... 68 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION .............................................................................. 69 
 
1. 
FORM FOR FINAL TERMS................................................................................................. 72

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 
1.1 
Definitions 
In these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”): 
“Acceleration Event” means any event or circumstance specified in Clause 14.1 or 14.2.  
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account 
operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a 
Debentureholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Debentures.  
“Administrative Agreement” means each of the Custody Agreement, the Depositary 
Agreement, the Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement.  
“Affiliate” means (i) the Parent, (ii) the Originator, (iii) the Manager, (iv) an entity 
controlling or under common control with the Issuer or a subsidiary to the Parent (each a 
“Relevant Person”), and (v) any Swedish or foreign legal entity, which at any time is 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by a Relevant Person. For the purposes of this definition, 
“control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting 
securities, by agreement or otherwise. 
“AIFM Act” means the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Act (lag (2013:561) om 
förvaltare av alternativa investeringsfonder).  
“Allocated Income” has the meaning set forth in Clause 8.7. 
“Avanza” means Avanza Bank Holding AB (publ), Reg. No. 556274-8458. 
“Base Amount” means, for each Debenture, the Initial Base Amount less the aggregate 
amount, if any, by which the Debenture has been repaid in part pursuant to Clause 9.3 
(Partial repayment), being the nominal amount for the Debenture from time to time 
registered with the CSD. 
“Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the Issuer, from time to time. 
“Business Day” means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. 
Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New 
Year’s Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public 
holidays. 
“Capital Adjustment” means an amount calculated (i) in relation to the Issue Price for 
Debentures to be issued after the First Issue Date and (ii) in relation to the Repayment 
Price for Debentures repaid pursuant to Clause 9.1 (Ordinary repayment), repurchased 
pursuant to Clause 9.2 (Voluntary repurchase through tender offer by the Issuer) and 
repaid pursuant to Clause 14.4. 
The Capital Adjustment (CA) shall be calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝐴= ( 𝑃𝑉
𝑇𝐵𝐴−1) 𝑥 𝑅𝐵𝐴

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
PV = (i) in relation to Debentures to be issued pursuant to Clause 4 (Issue of Debentures), 
the Portfolio Value on the last day of the month in which they are issued, (ii) in relation to 
Debentures repaid pursuant to Clause 9.1 (Ordinary repayment), the Portfolio Value on the 
Repayment Date, (iii) in relation to Debentures repurchased pursuant to Clause 9.2 
(Voluntary repurchase through tender offer by the Issuer), the Portfolio Value on the 
Prepayment Date and (iv) in relation to Debentures repaid pursuant Clause 14.4, the 
Portfolio Value when the Manager has sold a sufficient number of Mortgage Loans to 
generate the funds necessary to repay such Debentures. 
TBA = the Total Base Amount on the relevant date 
RBA = the relevant Base Amount for which the Capital Adjustment shall be calculated 
“Change of Control Event” means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Parent, an event or series of events resulting in the board 
members and any Founder together with any Strategic Investor, directly or 
indirectly, ceasing to control more than fifty (50) per cent of the votes in the 
Parent; 
(b) 
in relation to the Issuer, the Originator and the Manager, an event or series of 
events resulting in the Parent, directly or indirectly, (i) ceasing to own all of the 
shares and votes in the Issuer, the Originator and the Manager, (ii) ceasing to 
control all of the votes in the Issuer, the Originator and the Manager, or (iii) 
ceasing to have the power to appoint and remove all the members of the board of 
directors of the Issuer, the Originator and the Manager. 
However, it shall not constitute a Change of Control Event (i) in relation to paragraph (a) 
above, if remedied within three (3) months from its occurrence, or, provided that no person 
or persons, separately or in concert, directly or indirectly, controls more than fifty (50) per 
cent of the votes in the Parent, if remedied within six (6) months from its occurrence, (ii) if 
the Custodian exercises its voting powers under the power of attorney issued under the 
Comfort Agreement or if a Manager that is being replaced sells all shares in the Issuer to 
the new Manager or another person appointed by the Custodian pursuant to the Comfort 
Agreement or (iii) in relation to the Originator or the Manager, unless a Debentureholder 
(or Debentureholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the Total Base Amount 
(such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Debentureholder on the 
Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Issuer 
and shall, if made by several Debentureholders, be made by them jointly) has notified the 
Issuer that the occurred event pursuant to paragraph (b) above shall constitute a Change of 
Control Event in relation to the Originator or the Manager. 
“Comfort Agreement” means the comfort agreement entered into between the Manager, 
the Custodian and the Issuer and dated on or about the date hereof, pursuant to which, 
among other things, (i) the Manager will issue a power of attorney entitling the Custodian, 
when an Acceleration Event is continuing, to vote for all shares in the Issuer owned by the 
Manager and (ii) the Manager when it is being replaced is required, at the request of the 
Custodian, to sell all its shares in the Issuer to the new Manager or another person 
nominated by the Custodian.  
“Companies Act” means the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
“Credit Policy” means the Issuer’s credit policy (placeringspolicy) originally dated 
5 October 2017, or any policy amending or replacing it in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, with the consent of the Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 15.7. 
“CSD” means the Issuer’s central securities depository and registrar in respect of the 
Debentures, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-
8074, with registered office at Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
“Custodian” means Intertrust (Sweden) AB, Reg. No. 556625-5476, acting as custodian in 
respect of the Mortgage Loans, or any entity replacing it as custodian in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions. 
“Custody Agreement” means the custody agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Custodian and dated 25 January 2017, as amended from time to time, or any agreement 
entered into by the Issuer in replacement of it, in each case as decided by the Issuer in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
“Debenture” means a debt instrument representing a participation loan (kapital- och 
vinstandelslån) issued by the Issuer pursuant to Chapter 11, Section 11 of the Swedish 
Companies Act which is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Debentures will 
be issued in several Debenture Series, each with its individual Final Terms. 
“Debenture Series” means a series of Debentures with the same ISIN number and the 
same Repayment Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The number of 
Debenture Series issued during any calendar year may vary, as decided by the Issuer. 
“Debentureholder” means a person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct 
registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Debenture.  
“Debentureholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among Debentureholders held in 
accordance with Clause 16 (Debentureholders’ Meeting). 
“Depositary” means Intertrust Depositary Services (Sweden) AB, Reg. No. 556944-1172, 
acting as depositary (förvaringsinstitut) for the Issuer pursuant to the AIFM Act, or any 
entity replacing it as depositary in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
“Depositary Agreement” means the depositary agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
the Manager and the Depositary and dated 8 December 2016, as amended from time to 
time, or any agreement entered into by the Issuer in replacement of it, in each case as 
decided by the Issuer in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
“Equity Account” means the Issuer’s separate bank account into which an amount of 
SEK 250,000 shall be paid on or before the First Issue Date and thereafter be held for as 
long as the Debentures are outstanding in accordance with Clause 13.4 (Equity Account). 
However, for the avoidance of doubt, after the First Issue Date, the Issuer may deposit an 
additional amount of no more than SEK 250,000 into the Equity Account. 
“Excess Liquidity” means on any date the sum of all funds on accounts held by the Issuer 
less the estimated aggregate Repayment Price for all Debentures to be repaid pursuant to 
Clause 9.1.1 within three (3) months from the relevant date. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms applicable to a specific Debenture Series. The Final 
Terms shall, among other things, specify the ISIN number, the Issue Date, the Interest 
Payment Dates, the Repayment Date, the Issuing Agent and the discount on the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Management Fee (if any) for the relevant Debenture Series, and such other amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions as shall apply to the relevant Debenture Series, with the prior 
approval of the Debentureholders in accordance with Clause 15.7(b). The Final Terms 
shall constitute an integrated part of these Terms and Conditions.  
“Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument). 
“First Issue Date” means the first day on which any Debentures are issued under these 
Terms and Conditions.  
“Force Majeure Event” has the meaning set forth in Clause 19.3.  
“Founders” means Wilhelm Moberg, Hampus Brodén and Michael Ingelög. 
“Initial Accrual” means the accrued interest under a Mortgage Loan as per the date such 
Mortgage Loan was acquired by the Issuer. 
“Initial Base Amount” means, for each Debenture, SEK 1,000,000. 
“Interest” means, in respect of each Debenture, an amount calculated for each Interest 
Period in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.8.  
“Interest Compensation” means, in respect of a Debenture to be issued under a Debenture 
Series otherwise than on the last Business Day of the previous Interest Period, an amount 
equal to the Allocated Income for each calendar month since the commencement of the 
current Interest Period, divided by the number of Debentures outstanding under such 
Debenture Series during such calendar month.  
“Interest Payment Date” means 15 January, 15 April, 15 July and 15 October in each 
year, or if such date is not a Business Day, the following Business Day. However, in case 
of a repayment of all Debentures in accordance with Clauses 9.1 (Ordinary repayment) and 
9.4 (Voluntary repayment at the request of the Issuer), the date on which the Debentures 
are repaid shall also constitute an Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period” means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from the First 
Issue Date to and including the last day of the relevant calendar quarter, and (ii) in respect 
of each following Interest Period, the period from and excluding the last day of the 
previous Interest Period to and including the last day of relevant calendar quarter. 
However, in case of a repayment of all Debentures in accordance with Clauses 9.1 
(Ordinary repayment) and 9.4 (Voluntary repayment at the request of the Issuer), the last 
Interest Period shall end ten (10) Business Dates prior to the date on which the Debentures 
are repaid. 
“Issue Date” means the date on which a Debenture is issued by the Issuer to a 
Debentureholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. 
“Issue Price” means (i) in respect of Debentures issued on the First Issue Date, the Initial 
Base Amount, (ii) in respect of Debentures issued at any time after the First Issue Date, the 
Base Amount (A) increased by a positive Capital Adjustment or decreased by a negative 
Capital Adjustment, as the case may be, and (B) if the Debentures are issued otherwise 
than on the last Business Day of an Interest Period, increased by the Interest Compensation 
for the period from the commencement of the current Interest Period.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
“Issuer” means Stabelo Fund 1 AB (publ), Reg. No. 559075-0203. 
“Issuing Agent” means for each Debentures Series the issuing agent specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Listing Failure Event” means (i) that Debentures issued under these Terms and 
Conditions are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within one (1) year 
following issuance, and (ii) in the case of a successful admission, that a period of sixty (60) 
days has elapsed since Debentures ceased to be listed on a Regulated Market. 
“Loss Recovery” means (i) principal capital amount received by the Issuer under a 
Mortgage Loan to the extent that there is a Loss Reserve provided for such amount and (ii) 
an amount equal to a reduction of a Loss Reserve.  
“Loss Reserve” means an expected but unrealised loss on a Mortgage Loan, provided for 
in the accounts of the Issuer in accordance with the Valuation Policy. 
“Manager” means Stabelo Asset Management AB, Reg. No. 559064-2384, acting as 
external AIF manager (extern AIF-förvaltare) for the Issuer pursuant to the AIFM Act, or 
any entity replacing it as AIF manager in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
“Management Agreement” means the management agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and the Manager and originally dated 19 May 2017, or any agreement entered into 
by the Issuer in replacement of it in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
“Management Fee” means a monthly fee that the Manager is entitled to for the 
management of the Portfolio and the administration of the Issuer, calculated on the 
aggregate principal capital amount of all Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio (reduced by any 
Loss Reserves), allocated pro rata to each Debenture Series based on its aggregate Base 
Amount, with the percentage rate applicable to it. 
The percentage rate used to calculate the Management Fee shall for each month be the rate 
per annum set out in the table below. 
Average Discount 
Management Fee 
AD < 5bps 
0.30% 
5 bps ≤ AD < 10bps 
0.29% 
10bps ≤ AD < 15bps 
0.28% 
15bps ≤ AD < 20bps 
0.27% 
20bps ≤ AD < 25bps 
0.26% 
25bps ≤ AD < 30bps 
0.25% 
30bps ≤ AD < 35bps 
0.24% 
35bps ≤ AD < 40bps 
0.23% 
40bps ≤ AD < 45bps 
0.22%

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Average Discount 
Management Fee 
45bps ≤ AD < 50bps 
0.21% 
50bps ≤ AD 
0.20% 
 
The Average Discount (AD) shall for each month be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
𝐴𝐷= 𝐴𝐵𝐼−𝐴𝑃𝐼 
ABI = the unweighted average interest rate charged by the six largest mortgage lenders in 
the Swedish market during the relevant months for all different durations. The average for 
each duration shall then be weighted according to the weights in the Issuer’s reference 
portfolio.  
API = the average interest rate charged by the Issuer for new Mortgage Loans, renegotiated 
Mortgage Loans and prolonged Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio during the relevant month 
for all different durations (reference portfolio), as determined from the accounts of the 
Issuer. The average for each duration shall then be weighted according to the weights in 
the Issuer’s reference portfolio. 
The Issuer may under Subscription Undertakings reduce the percentage rate in the table 
above. Any such discount offered to a subscriber shall apply for the tenor of Debentures 
issued under such Subscription Undertaking, regardless of when such Debentures are 
issued. 
“Mortgage Loan” means a promissory note (skuldebrev) executed by, and evidencing a 
loan made to, a private individual, secured by either (i) mortgage certificate(s) (pantbrev), 
whether physical or electronic, over real estate or (ii) a pledge of rights to a cooperative flat 
(bostadsrätt). 
“Mortgage Loan Arrears Policy” means the Manager’s mortgage loan arrears policy 
(problemkreditpolicy) originally dated 18 November 2016, or any policy amending or 
replacing it in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, with the consent of the 
Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 15.7. 
“Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement” means the mortgage loan sale agreement entered into 
between the Issuer and the Originator and originally dated 24 October 2018, or any 
agreement entered into by the Issuer in replacement of it in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions. 
“Net Loss” means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan, a failure by the Issuer to receive or 
recover the principal capital amount, to the extent that there is not a Loss Reserve provided 
for such amount. 
“Net Income” has the meaning set forth in Clause 8.3.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
“Ordinary Income” means, for each calendar month: 
(a) 
all cash amounts (other than Principal Proceeds) payable to the Issuer in relation 
to, and during the term of, a Mortgage Loan, including inter alia interest and fees, 
but reduced by an amount equal to the Initial Accrual for such Mortgage Loan; and 
(b) 
all cash interest and other dividends payable to the Issuer in relation to (i) any 
unutilised funds, and (ii) any funds or assets which shall be, but have not yet been, 
repaid or otherwise distributed to the Debentureholders. 
“Originator” means Stabelo AB, Reg. No. 559064-2376. 
“Parent” means Stabelo Group AB, Reg. No. 559030-7996. 
“Portfolio” means (i) the Mortgage Loans owned by the Issuer and (ii) any funds on 
accounts not yet utilised or distributed to the Debentureholders pursuant to these Terms 
and Conditions, less (A) financial indebtedness incurred pursuant to item (ii) of Clause 
13.3.1 and (B) any amount standing to the credit on the Equity Account. However, any 
amounts that shall be used to repay Debentures in accordance with Clause 9.1 (Ordinary 
repayment), Clause 9.2 (Voluntary repurchase through tender offer by the Issuer) and 
Clause 9.3 (Partial repayment) shall be excluded after the Repayment Date or Prepayment 
Date, as applicable. 
“Portfolio Value” means the market value from time to time of the Portfolio, determined 
in accordance with the Valuation Policy less (A) any Interest Compensation paid as part of 
the Issue Price for Debentures issued during the relevant Interest Period and (B) the 
aggregate Allocated Income for all calendar months in the relevant Interest Period. 
“Prepayment Date” means the date on which the Issuer is willing to repurchase some of 
the outstanding Debentures pursuant to Clause 9.2 (Voluntary repurchase through tender 
offer by the Issuer) or the date on which a partial repayment of the Debentures is to be 
made pursuant to Clause 9.3 (Partial repayment), as the case may be. 
“Pricing Policy” means the Issuer’s pricing policy (prissättningspolicy) originally dated 5 
October 2017, or any policy amending or replacing it in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions, with the consent of the Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 15.7. 
“Principal Proceeds” means (i) any principal capital amount received by, or repaid or 
refunded to, the Issuer relating to a Mortgage Loan (by way of a divestment, payment in-
kind, amortisation, conversion, acceleration or otherwise), (ii) interest received by the 
Issuer under a Mortgage Loan up to the Initial Accrual for such Mortgage Loan (without 
double counting for the purpose of determining the Ordinary Income) and (iii) an amount 
set aside as a Loss Reserve, reduced by an amount equal to a reduction of a Loss Reserve 
(without double counting for the purpose of calculating the Net Income). 
“Record Date” has the meaning set forth in Clause 10.1. 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on 
markets in financial instruments). 
“Repayment Date” means, in respect of each Debenture Series, the last day of the tenth 
(10) calendar year after the calendar year during which the Debentures of such Debenture 
Series were issued, or such later date as may follow from a postponement pursuant to 
Clause 9.1.2.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
“Repayment Price” means the Base Amount increased by a positive Capital Adjustment 
or decreased by a negative Capital Adjustment, as the case may be. However, in case of a 
repayment of all Debentures in accordance with Clause 9.4 (Voluntary repayment at the 
request of the Issuer), the Repayment Price for each Debenture shall be the net Principal 
Proceeds realised from a sale of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio in accordance with 
Clause 11.6.2(b), divided by the number of outstanding Debentures. 
“Securities Account” means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the 
CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such 
securities is directly registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the 
name of a nominee.  
“Servicer” means the Originator, or any entity replacing it as servicer in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions. 
“Servicing Agreement” means the servicing agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and the Servicer and originally dated 1 September 2017, or any agreement entered into by 
the Issuer in replacement of it in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
“Sourcing and Servicing Cost” means a fee of no higher than 0.25 per cent per annum 
calculated on the aggregate principal capital amount of all Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio 
(reduced by any Loss Reserves), and payable by the Issuer to the Servicer for the services 
provided under the Servicing Agreement.  
“Strategic Investor” means Avanza and its affiliates and any other person who, to a 
significant extent (i) works actively in, or (ii) operationally contributes to, the Parent. 
“Subscription Undertaking” means an undertaking by a Debentureholder to subscribe for 
Debentures. 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
“Tender Acceptance Date” means the last date on which the Debentureholders may 
accept the tender offer pursuant to a Tender Request. 
“Tender Request” means a request from the Issuer to repurchase some of the outstanding 
Debentures pursuant to Clause 9.2 (Voluntary repurchase through tender offer by the 
Issuer). 
“Total Base Amount” means the aggregate Base Amount of all outstanding Debentures at 
the relevant time. 
“Valuation Policy” means the Issuer’s policy for valuing the Portfolio (värderingspolicy) 
originally dated 5 October 2017, or any policy amending or replacing it in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions, with the consent of the Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 
15.7. 
“Written Procedure” means the written or electronic procedure for decision making 
among the Debentureholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Written Procedure).

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
1.2 
Construction 
1.2.1 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:  
(a) 
“assets” includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every 
description;  
(b) 
any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as 
supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;  
(c) 
a “regulation” includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or 
guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, 
intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-
regulatory or other authority or organisation; 
(d) 
a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and 
(e) 
a time of day is a reference to Swedish time. 
1.2.2 
An Acceleration Event is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived. However, (i) an 
Acceleration Event in respect of a Change of Control shall cease to be continuing sixty 
(60) days after a notice has been given by the Issuer to the Debentureholders pursuant to 
Clause 12.3, (ii) an Acceleration Event in respect of a Listing Failure Event shall only 
occur with respect to the affected Debentures and cease to be outstanding (60) days after a 
notice has been given by the Issuer to the Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 12.5.  
1.2.3 
No delay or omission of any Debentureholder to exercise any right or remedy under these 
Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy. 
1.2.4 
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Final Terms for a particular 
Debenture Series and the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, the Final Terms will 
prevail in respect of such Debenture Series.  
1.2.5 
If a Debentureholder is registered on a Securities Account as a nominee (förvaltare) with 
respect to a Debenture, any reference to such Debentureholder as a party to a Subscription 
Undertaking shall be construed as a reference to the beneficial owner for whom such 
Debentureholder is acting as a nominee. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is an alternative investment fund and as such subject to the AIFM Act. The 
Manager operates as external AIF manager (extern AIF-förvaltare) for the Issuer and the 
Depositary operates as depositary (förvaringsinstitut) for the Issuer. Investments in the 
fund so created are made through Debentures issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Terms 
and Conditions.  
3. 
STATUS OF DEBENTURES 
3.1 
Each Debenture is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. 
3.2 
The Debentures constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference among them. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Debentures shall, subject to the provisions of applicable legislation, at 
all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. All Debentures shall have the 
same rights, except to the extent provided otherwise on the cover page on these Terms and 
Conditions and/or in the Final Terms for a Debenture Series. 
3.3 
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Debentures, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in 
accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Issuer’s obligation 
to repay or repurchase the Debentures is dependent on the value of the Portfolio from time 
to time. A Debentureholder is not guaranteed to receive an amount corresponding to the 
Base Amount of its Debentures. 
3.4 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, all obligations of the 
Issuer to the Debentureholders are limited in recourse to the Portfolio and no 
Debentureholder will have any claim, by operation of law or otherwise against, or recourse 
to, any of the Issuer’s other assets. If there is no Portfolio remaining which is capable of 
being realised or otherwise converted into cash and there are insufficient amounts available 
from the Portfolio to pay the Debentureholders in full in accordance with the provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions, then the Debentureholders shall have no further claim against 
the Issuer in respect of any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid. 
3.5 
By subscribing for Debentures, each initial Debentureholder agrees that the Debentures 
shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and by acquiring 
Debentures, each subsequent Debentureholder confirms such agreement. 
3.6 
The Debentures are freely transferable but the Debentureholders may be subject to 
purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Debentures, as applicable, under local 
laws to which a Debentureholder may be subject. Each Debentureholder must ensure 
compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.  
3.7 
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public 
offering of the Debentures or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or 
other material relating to the Issuer or the Debentures in any jurisdiction other than 
Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Debentureholder must inform 
itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to 
the Issuer or the Debentures. 
4. 
ISSUE OF DEBENTURES 
4.1 
Provided that no Acceleration Event is continuing or would result from such issue, the 
Issuer may from time to time issue Debentures. The first issue of Debentures shall take 
place on a Business Day selected by the Issuer. Each subsequent issue of Debentures must 
take place on the last Business Day of a calendar month. 
4.2 
A subscriber in respect of any subsequent Debentures issued on the last Business Day of an 
Interest Period will be registered as a Debentureholder with the CSD no earlier than one (1) 
Business Day following the first Record Date falling after such subsequent issue. However, 
such subsequent issue shall nevertheless be deemed to have occurred on the Issue Date. 
4.3 
Debentures may only be issued to subscribers who have made Subscription Undertakings 
to the Issuer. A Subscription Undertaking must be valid for a minimum period of one year. 
4.4 
Each Debenture shall be issued for its Issue Price, as calculated by the Issuer for the 
relevant Issue Date.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
4.5 
The Issue Price shall be paid in the following manner: 
(a) 
An amount agreed between the Issuer and the subscriber shall be paid by the 
subscriber to the Issuer on the Issue Date. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall (i) promptly notify the subscriber when the Capital Adjustment 
and the Interest Compensation (if any) has been calculated and (ii) confirm to the 
subscriber the number of Debentures corresponding to the amount paid by the 
subscriber in accordance with paragraph (a), which shall nevertheless be deemed 
to have been issued on the Issue Date.  
(c) 
The number of Debentures issued on a specific Issue Date as a result of a 
subscription shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number and any surplus 
amount shall be promptly repaid by the Issuer to the subscriber.  
4.6 
When issuing Debentures, the Issuer shall request subscriptions from all subscribers who 
have made Subscription Undertakings to the Issuer in the following manner: 
(a) 
All Subscription Undertakings which have been made during one calendar quarter, 
and where conditions precedent are satisfied or waived, shall be exhausted before 
any Subscription Undertakings made during subsequent calendar quarters are 
utilised. This applies irrespective of the length of the period during which the 
Subscription Undertakings remain valid.  
(b) 
Subscription Undertakings made during the same calendar quarter, and where 
conditions precedent are satisfied or waived, shall be utilised pro rata. 
4.7 
Notwithstanding Clause 4.1, if a subscriber fails to pay the amount due in respect of a 
subscription of Debentures, the Issuer may offer one or several subscribers who have made 
Subscription Undertakings to the Issuer to subscribe for such Debentures instead of the 
defaulting subscriber. When making such offers, the Issuer does not have to comply with 
the principles in Clause 4.6. Such offers shall be made as soon as possible and such 
subscriptions must take place no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the relevant 
Issue Date and the Debentures issued as a result thereof shall nevertheless be deemed to 
have been issued on the relevant Issue Date. 
5. 
DEBENTURES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM 
5.1 
The Debentures shall be denominated in Swedish Kronor and will be registered for the 
Debentureholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical Debentures will 
be issued. Accordingly, the Debentures will be registered in accordance with the Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Debentures shall be 
directed to an Account Operator.  
5.2 
The nominal amount for each Debenture from time to time registered with the CSD will be 
the Base Amount.  
5.3 
Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and 
Parents Code (föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise 
have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Debenture shall register their 
entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
5.4 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in 
respect of the Debentures (skuldbok). At the request of a Debentureholder, the Issuer shall 
request and provide such information to that Debentureholder. 
6. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A DEBENTUREHOLDER 
6.1 
If any person other than a Debentureholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Terms 
and Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the 
Debentureholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of 
authorisation starting with the Debentureholder and authorising such person.  
6.2 
A Debentureholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent 
it in relation to some or all of the Debentures held by it. Any such representative may act 
independently under the Terms and Conditions in relation to the Debentures for which such 
representative is entitled to represent the Debentureholder and may further delegate its 
right to represent the Debentureholder by way of a further power of attorney. 
7. 
USE OF FUNDS AND BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER 
7.1 
The Issuer shall utilise the proceeds from the Debentures issued from time to time to 
acquire Mortgage Loans or to repay or repurchase Debentures pursuant to Clause 9 
(Repayment and repurchase of Debentures). The Issuer shall use the Principal Proceeds 
received by it which are not necessary to repay or repurchase the Debentures pursuant to 
Clause 9 (Repayment and repurchase of Debentures) to acquire Mortgage Loans. 
7.2 
The Issuer may not acquire any other assets or conduct any other business, other than 
owning and collecting on the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio and business that is ancillary 
thereto.  
7.3 
Subject to Clause 7.4, the Mortgage Loans acquired by the Issuer must be originated by the 
Originator, comply with the Credit Policy and the Pricing Policy and be acquired from the 
Originator no later than six (6) months after the relevant Mortgage Loan was originated. 
Each Mortgage Loan shall be acquired for a purchase price equal to the principal capital 
amount of such Mortgage Loan plus the Initial Accrual for such Mortgage Loan. 
7.4 
The Issuer may from time to time acquire portfolios of Mortgage Loans originated by other 
parties than the Originator on terms and with characteristics approved by the 
Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 15.9, or within mandates for such acquisitions 
approved by the Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 15.9. 
7.5 
Any unutilised funds held by the Issuer shall be (i) placed on short term bank deposits, (ii) 
invested in debt securities issued or guaranteed by the government of Sweden or (iii) 
invested in covered bonds (säkerställda obligationer) or equivalent debt securities with a 
credit rating of at least AA from Standard & Poor’s Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
or Aa2 from Moody’s Investor Services Limited. 
7.6 
The restrictions in this Clause 7 may be varied with the consent of the Debentureholders 
pursuant to Clause 15.7. 
8. 
INTEREST 
8.1 
Each Debenture issued on the First Issue Date carries Interest from (but excluding) the 
First Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Repayment Date or Prepayment Date, as 
applicable. Any Debenture issued after the First Issue Date and on the last Business Day of

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
an Interest Period, carries Interest from (but excluding) the first day of the following 
Interest Period up to (and including) the relevant Repayment Date or Prepayment Date, as 
applicable. Any Debenture issued after the First Issue Date and on any other day than the 
last Business Day of an Interest Period, carries Interest from (but excluding) the first day of 
the current Interest Period up to (and including) the relevant Repayment Date or 
Prepayment Date, as applicable. 
8.2 
Interest on the Debentures accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect 
of the Debentures shall be made to the Debentureholders on each Interest Payment Date for 
the preceding Interest Period.  
8.3 
On or after the last day of each calendar month, the Issuer shall calculate the Net Income 
for such calendar month. The Ordinary Income for the calendar month shall be increased 
by any Loss Recoveries during such calendar month and shall be reduced by (i) the 
Sourcing and Servicing Cost for the calendar month, (ii) any Net Losses incurred during 
such calendar month and (iii) any Loss Reserves made for such calendar month, and the 
net amount shall constitute the “Net Income” for the relevant calendar month. 
8.4 
For the avoidance of doubt, Ordinary Income shall not include any default interest, penalty 
payments or indemnities payable by a subscriber to the Issuer under a Subscription 
Undertaking. Any such income shall be for the benefit of the Issuer and first be used to pay 
the costs referred to in Clause 8.5. If any such payments due by a Debentureholder in its 
capacity as a subscriber are set off against Debentures held by that Debentureholder, the 
Debentures so repaid shall be deemed to be held by the Issuer for the benefit of the 
Manager, and any proceeds from a subsequent sale of the Debentures shall be treated as an 
income referred to in the first sentence of this Clause 8.4.  
8.5 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Ordinary Income shall not be reduced pursuant to 
Clause 8.3 by (i) any default interest payable by the Issuer to a Debentureholder pursuant 
to Clause 8.9 or (ii) any default interest, penalty payments or indemnities payable by the 
Issuer to a seller of Mortgage Loans or any other third party. All such costs shall be borne 
by the Issuer and to the extent not compensated by another party or by income referred to 
in Clause 8.4, the Manager shall compensate the Issuer for such costs.  
8.6 
If it is not possible to fully deduct items (ii) and (iii) in Clause 8.3 during a calendar month, 
the shortfall shall, to the extent possible, be compensated during the following calendar 
month or, if applicable, when there is sufficient Ordinary Income to cover such shortfall. 
8.7 
The total Net Income shall for each calendar month be allocated pro rata to each 
Debenture Series, based on its aggregate Base Amount during such calendar month, and 
the amount so allocated shall be reduced by the applicable Management Fee, and the 
amount shall constitute the “Allocated Income”.  
8.8 
The total Interest payable in respect of each Debenture Series shall be the total Allocated 
Income for the Interest Period, plus all Interest Compensation paid as a part of the Issue 
Price for Debentures issued under such Debenture Series during the Interest Period. The 
total Interest shall be divided by the number of Debentures outstanding under such 
Debenture Series on the last day of the relevant Interest Period (including Debentures to be 
repaid on that day but disregarding Debentures issued on that day) and rounded off to the 
nearest whole amount of Swedish Kronor.  
8.9 
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on its 
due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
date of actual payment at a rate of five (5) per cent per annum. Accrued default interest 
shall not be capitalised.  
9. 
REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE OF DEBENTURES 
9.1 
Ordinary repayment  
9.1.1 
Each Debenture shall be repaid with its Repayment Price plus all accrued Interest in 
accordance with Clause 8 (Interest) no later than ten (10) Business Days after its 
Repayment Date. The Issuer shall calculate the Repayment Price for the relevant 
Repayment Date. 
9.1.2 
Notwithstanding Clause 9.1.1, if the Issuer does not have Principal Proceeds available for a 
scheduled repayment and the Manager determines (acting reasonably) that it is not possible 
to sell a sufficient part of the Portfolio for a purchase price equal to the principal capital 
amount of the relevant Mortgage Loans plus accrued interest, the Manager may postpone a 
scheduled repayment, in whole or in part, up to twelve (12) months, provided that all 
affected Debentureholders are treated equally. The postponed amount shall carry Interest in 
accordance with Clause 8 (Interest) during the postponement. Postponed repayments shall 
be made in full before any new repayments are made. The Manager shall give the 
Debentureholders at least five (5) Business Days’ notice of any postponement and any 
subsequent payment of a postponed amount. 
9.2 
Voluntary repurchase through tender offer by the Issuer 
9.2.1 
Provided that no postponement of an ordinary repayment pursuant to Clause 9.1.2 is 
outstanding or imminent, the Issuer may, by giving a Tender Request to the 
Debentureholders, offer to repurchase some but not all of the outstanding Debentures 
through a tender offer. 
9.2.2 
The Tender Request is irrevocable and shall specify the maximum number of Debentures 
that the Issuer is willing to repurchase, the Tender Acceptance Date and the Prepayment 
Date, and include instructions about the actions that a Debentureholder needs to take if it 
wants Debentures held by it to be repurchased. The Tender Acceptance Date must fall at 
least twenty (20) Business Days after the effective date of the Tender Request and the 
Prepayment Date must fall at least ten (10) Business Days after the Tender Acceptance 
Date. The Prepayment Date must be the last day of a calendar month. 
9.2.3 
A Debenture which has been validly tendered for repurchase by a Debentureholder on or 
before the relevant Tender Acceptance Date shall be repurchased by the Issuer for its 
Repayment Price plus all Interest in accordance with Clause 8 (Interest) accrued up to and 
including the relevant Prepayment Date no later than ten (10) Business Days after the 
relevant Prepayment Date. The Issuer shall calculate the Repayment Price and Interest for 
the relevant Prepayment Date. 
9.2.4 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Clause 9.2, a repurchase pursuant to a 
tender offer may not cause (i) the average tenor of all remaining outstanding Debentures to 
reduce or (ii) the total aggregate Repayment Price payable by the Issuer to all 
Debentureholders that have accepted a tender offer pursuant to a Tender Request to exceed 
the Excess Liquidity held by the Issuer on the relevant Prepayment Date. 
9.2.5 
If the number of Debentures validly tendered for repurchase by the Debentureholders on or 
before the relevant Tender Acceptance Date exceeds the maximum number specified by 
the Issuer in the Tender Request or if, by operation of Clause 9.2.4, the Issuer is not able to

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
repurchase all Debentures that have been validly tendered, Debentures shall be repurchased 
in the following manner: 
(a) 
Debentures with a shorter remaining tenor shall be repurchased before any 
Debentures with a longer remaining tenor are repurchased. 
(b) 
If the Issuer is not able to repurchase all Debentures with the same tenor that have 
been validly tendered, the number of Debentures repurchased from each 
Debentureholder shall be reduced pro rata to the number of Debentures tendered 
by such Debentureholder, and if necessary be rounded down to the nearest whole 
number. 
9.2.6 
Debentures repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.2 shall be promptly 
cancelled by the Issuer. 
9.3 
Partial repayment 
9.3.1 
If a repurchase is to be made pursuant to Clause 9.2 (Voluntary repurchase through tender 
offer by the Issuer), the Issuer may at its sole discretion partially repay the Debentures pro 
rata up to an amount equal to the Excess Liquidity held by the Issuer on the relevant 
Prepayment Date less the total aggregate Repayment Price for the Debentures to be 
repurchased pursuant to the relevant tender offer. 
9.3.2 
A partial repayment pursuant to Clause 9.3.1, shall be made no later than ten (10) Business 
Days after the Prepayment Date specified in the relevant Tender Request. The Issuer shall 
give notice to the Debentureholders of a partial repayment no less than five (5) Business 
Days before the relevant Prepayment Date. 
9.4 
Voluntary repayment at the request of the Issuer 
9.4.1 
The Issuer may, by giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days’ notice to the 
Debentureholders, repay the Debentures in whole but not in part. Each Debenture shall be 
repaid with its Repayment Price plus all accrued Interest in accordance with Clause 8 
(Interest). The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer’s discretion, contain one or more 
conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is 
bound to repay the Debentures with the applicable amount on the date specified in the 
notice.  
9.4.2 
A notice of repayment pursuant to Clause 9.4.1, may only be given in the following 
circumstances: 
(a) 
If it becomes unlawful, or such unlawfulness is imminent, for the Issuer to perform 
its obligations under the these Terms and Conditions, or if a substantial decrease in 
revenue occurs, or is imminent, for the Issuer or substantial additional or increased 
cost are incurred or suffered by, or are imminent for, the Issuer, as a result of (i) 
the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or 
application of) any regulation or (ii) compliance with any regulation made after the 
date of these Terms and Conditions.  
(b) 
With the consent of the Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 15.9 given at a 
Debentureholders’ Meeting or in a Written Procedure held before the notice is 
given.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
10. 
PAYMENTS  
10.1 
Payment of Repayment Price and Interest shall be made to such persons who are registered 
as Debentureholders five (5) Business Days prior to the relevant due date (the “Record 
Date”) or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being 
entitled to receive the relevant payment or repayment. 
10.2 
If a Debentureholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and 
interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the 
CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD 
to the Debentureholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. 
However, Interest only accrues up to and including the relevant payment date. Should the 
CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect 
payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons 
who are registered as Debentureholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible 
after such obstacle has been removed. 
10.3 
If payment is effectuated in accordance with this Clause 10, the Issuer and the CSD shall 
be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective if such payment was made 
to a person not entitled to receive such amount. 
10.4 
If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such 
payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. 
10.5 
If both Repayment Price and Interest are due for payment and if the available funds are 
insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be 
applied towards payment of Interest and secondly towards payment of the Repayment 
Price. 
10.6 
The Issuer is not liable to gross up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by 
virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar. 
10.7 
The Management Fee is payable by the Issuer to the Manager quarterly in arrears on the 
following Interest Payment Date and the Sourcing and Servicing Cost is payable by the 
Issuer to the Servicer quarterly in arrears on the following Interest Payment Date. 
However, if the Ordinary Income received during an Interest Period does not cover such 
amounts pursuant to Clause 8.3, the payment shall be postponed to a future Interest 
Payment Date.  
10.8 
The Issuer may decide the form for payments to the Manager and the Servicer. The Issuer 
may, at its discretion, retain any amounts payable to the Manager and the Servicer. Such 
amounts shall be kept separated from, and not form part of, the Portfolio. Any amount so 
retained shall nonetheless be deemed repaid or otherwise distributed to the Manager and 
the Servicer for the purpose of these Terms and Conditions.  
11. 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE PORTFOLIO 
11.1 
The Manager 
11.1.1 
The Manager shall manage the operations of the Issuer and the Portfolio and make 
acquisitions of Mortgage Loans from the Originator in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions on behalf of the Issuer. The Manager shall, in accordance with the Management 
Agreement, perform cash management and administrative services in respect of the 
Portfolio and the Debentures on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
11.1.2 
The Manager shall treat all Debentureholders equally and, when acting pursuant to these 
Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Debentureholders as a 
group and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply 
with any direction or request of any particular Debenture Series, other than as explicitly 
stated in the Final Terms. 
11.1.3 
The Manager is entitled to the Management Fee as remuneration for its services provided 
to the Issuer and all costs incurred in relation thereto. The Management Fee shall cover all 
administrative and other costs for the operation of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, 
(i) set-up costs for establishing the Issuer, (ii) legal, audit, custodial, consulting, valuation 
and other professional fees relating to the Issuer, (iii) bank fees, (iv) remuneration to the 
Board of Directors, (v) costs for the listing of the Debentures in accordance with 
Clause 13.5 (Listing), (vi) fees to the CSD, the Depositary and the Custodian, and (vii) 
costs relating to the Issuer acquiring, holding, selling or disposing of Mortgage Loans.  
11.2 
The Servicer 
11.2.1 
The Servicer shall, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, service the Portfolio on 
behalf of the Issuer.  
11.2.2 
The Servicer is entitled to the Sourcing and Servicing Cost as remuneration for its services 
provided to the Issuer and all costs incurred in relation thereto. 
11.3 
The Custodian 
The Custodian shall, in accordance with the Custody Agreement, act as custodian in 
respect of Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio on behalf of the Issuer.  
11.4 
The Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors shall supervise the Manager’s management of the operations of the 
Issuer and the Portfolio and the Manager’s performance of services under the Management 
Agreement. The Board of Directors shall consist of up to six (6) members with relevant 
and extensive competence, appointed by the Parent. A majority of the board members shall 
be persons independent from the Parent. 
11.5 
Replacements 
11.5.1 
If the Issuer decides to terminate an Administrative Agreement in accordance with the 
terms thereof, the Issuer may do so and appoint a new manager (the “New Manager”), a 
new servicer (the “New Servicer”), a new depositary (the “New Depositary”) or a new 
custodian (the “New Custodian”), as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Administrative Agreement. A New Manager or a New Depositary must be 
qualified to act as such under the AIFM Act. 
11.5.2 
Upon termination of the relevant Administrative Agreement, the Parent shall assist the 
Issuer in appointing a New Manager, a New Servicer, a New Depositary and/or a New 
Custodian in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Administrative Agreement and 
the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such action as the New Manager, the 
New Servicer, the New Depositary and/or the New Custodian may reasonably require for 
the purpose of vesting in such New Manager, New Servicer, New Depositary and/or New 
Custodian the same rights, powers and obligations of the Manager, the Servicer, the 
Depositary and/or the Custodian as they have under the Management Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Depositary Agreement or the Custody Agreement, as the case

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
may be. The Issuer shall promptly inform the Debentureholders about any such 
replacement. 
11.5.3 
The New Manager, the New Servicer, the New Depositary or the New Custodian, as the 
case may be, shall take instructions from the Issuer and be given all necessary powers of 
attorney and other support from the Issuer to be able to perform its duties. The New 
Manager shall be entitled to the Management Fee and the New Servicer shall be entitled to 
the Sourcing and Servicing Cost. 
11.5.4 
The Issuer shall ensure that the Administrative Agreements comply with these Terms and 
Conditions and that they can be terminated by the Issuer upon a material default of the 
other party to such Administrative Agreement. The Issuer shall also ensure that the 
Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement can be terminated when an 
Acceleration Event has occurred and is continuing. 
11.6 
Sales of Mortgage Loans 
11.6.1 
The Servicer may on behalf of the Issuer sell defaulted Mortgage Loans. 
11.6.2 
The Manager may on behalf of the Issuer sell the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio, in 
whole or in part, in a commercially sound manner and place the funds received on short 
term bank deposits in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
in order to make a scheduled repayment pursuant to Clause 9.1 (Ordinary 
repayment); and 
(b) 
in order make a voluntary repayment pursuant to Clause 9.4 (Voluntary repayment 
at the request of the Issuer). 
12. 
INFORMATION TO DEBENTUREHOLDERS 
12.1 
The Issuer shall provide the following information to each Debentureholder:  
(a) 
no later than four (4) months after the end of each financial year, or on such earlier 
date as they are finalised, its annual audited financial statements;  
(b) 
no later than two (2) month after the end of each financial half-year, or on such 
earlier date as they are finalised, its unaudited financial statements;  
(c) 
no later than one (1) month after the end of each calendar quarter, a portfolio 
report, specifying the Portfolio Value as of the last day of such calendar quarter; 
(d) 
any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag 
(2007:582) om värdepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the 
Regulated Market on which the Debentures are admitted to trading; and 
(e) 
no later than twenty (20) Business Days after a request by a Debentureholder, such 
other information as is necessary or desirable for regulatory purposes for the 
Debentureholder (provided that such information can be provided by the Issuer, 
using reasonable efforts, and that the relevant Debentureholder will on demand 
reimburse the Issuer for any costs incurred to comply with such request),

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
in each case excluding any information which may be considered as insider information 
pursuant to the Financial Instruments Trading (Market Abuse Penalties) Act (lag 
(2005:377) om straff för marknadsmissbruk vid handel med finansiella instrument). 
12.2 
The financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 shall contain the following 
information: 
(a) 
volume of Mortgage Loans acquired during the relevant period;  
(b) 
Management Fee payable for each Debenture Series and Sourcing and Servicing 
Cost paid by the Issuer during the relevant period; and 
(c) 
if the Portfolio Value is less than the Total Base Amount on the last day of the 
period, details about the discrepancy and an analysis of the reasons for the 
discrepancy. 
12.3 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Debentureholders (with full particulars) upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. Such notice may be 
given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon 
the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place 
providing for such Change of Control Event. 
12.4 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Debentureholders with reasonable detail: 
(a) 
upon becoming aware of (i) a change in ownership of the shares and votes in the 
Originator or the Manager, (ii) a change of control of the votes in the Originator or 
the Manager, and (iii) a change in power to appoint and remove all the members of 
the board of directors of the Originator or the Manager; 
(b) 
upon becoming aware of any dispute relating to a claim against the Issuer or an 
Affiliate for which the actual or anticipated quantum of liability, compensation or 
damages arising in the reasonable opinion of the Manager (i) exceeds SEK 
1,000,000 or (ii) is reasonably likely to be adversely determined and would, as 
such, have, or be reasonably likely to have, a material adverse effect on the 
activities or financial condition of the Issuer; 
(c) 
upon becoming aware, and subject to any applicable regulation or instruction from 
any regulator, (i) the commencement of any formal investigation (other than 
routine investigations) by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) (or any other regulatory or administrative body with 
authority over the Manager) that involves an allegation of a material violation of a 
material law by the Manager, to the extent that such investigation directly relates 
to the affairs of the Issuer, and (ii) the outcome, when resolved, of any such 
investigation; and 
(d) 
upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions which is not immaterial. 
12.5 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Debentureholders (with full particulars) if an 
Acceleration Event occurs and shall provide each Debentureholder with such further 
information as it may request following receipt of such notice. 
12.6 
The Issuer shall convene an annual information meeting for the Debentureholders to be 
held within twenty (20) Business Days after the delivery of the annual audited financial

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
statements in accordance with Clause 12.1(a). The purpose of the information meeting is to 
present the activities of the Issuer during the previous year. 
12.7 
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these 
Terms and Conditions) and the Final Terms for all outstanding Debenture Series shall be 
available on the website of the Issuer. 
12.8 
The latest versions of the Administrative Agreements, the Comfort Agreement, the Credit 
Policy, the Mortgage Loan Arrears Policy, the Pricing Policy and the Valuation Policy 
shall be available to the Debentureholders at the office of the Issuer during normal business 
hours and upon request. 
12.9 
The Debentureholders shall be informed of any material transfer of ownership in the Parent 
and information regarding the ownership of the Parent (including name and 
role/engagement in the Parent and, in relation to any Strategic Investor, details about such 
person’s work/contribution to the Parent) shall be made available to any Debentureholder 
upon request. 
12.10 
For the purpose of facilitating enforcement of the Debentureholders’ rights and obligations 
under these Terms and Conditions, each Debentureholder acknowledges and agrees, 
subject to any Subscription Undertaking, that the Issuer shall annually and upon request by 
any Debentureholder provide to the Debentureholders the contact details, which the Issuer 
has on record and to the best of the Issuer’s knowledge are up-to-date, of all 
Debentureholders and their relevant investment directors, portfolio managers or similar. 
13. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
13.1 
Compliance with laws and internal policies 
13.1.1 
The Issuer shall obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force 
and effect any authorisation, approval, exemption, filing or registration required under any 
law or regulation to carry on its business.  
13.1.2 
The Issuer, the Manager and the Parent shall, and the Parent shall ensure that the Affiliates 
shall, comply in all material respects (i) with the AIFM Act and all other laws and 
regulations to which it may be subject, if such failure to comply is reasonably likely to (A) 
have a material adverse effect on the performance of its obligation under these Terms and 
Conditions (as applicable) or (B) have a material adverse effect on the reputation of the 
Issuer, the Manager, the Originator, the Parent or the Debentureholders, and (ii) their 
respective articles of association. 
13.1.3 
The Issuer shall, and the Parent shall ensure that the Affiliates shall, comply with the 
Mortgage Loan Arrears Policy. 
13.2 
Business of the Issuer 
13.2.1 
The Issuer shall not engage in any other business activity different from what is 
contemplated by these Terms and Conditions, except with the prior consent of the 
Debentureholders. 
13.2.2 
The Issuer shall not have any employees or hire any consultants (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, external advisers or experts paid for by the Manager).

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
13.2.3 
The Issuer shall not enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger, corporate 
reconstruction or voluntary liquidation. 
13.3 
Financial indebtedness and security 
13.3.1 
The Issuer shall not incur any financial indebtedness other than (i) the Debentures and (ii) 
financial indebtedness which does not at any time exceed five (5) per cent of the Total 
Base Amount. 
13.3.2 
The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any security over its assets, except for 
financial indebtedness permitted by item (ii) of Clause 13.3.1.  
13.4 
Equity Account 
The Issuer shall on or before the First Issue Date deposit SEK 250,000 on the Equity 
Account and maintain such amount on the Equity Account for as long as any Debentures 
are outstanding. 
13.5 
Listing 
13.5.1 
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that all Debentures issued by it under these 
Terms and Conditions will be listed on a Regulated Market not later than twelve (12) 
months after issuance.  
13.5.2 
Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to maintain the 
admission for as long as any Debentures are outstanding, or if such admission to trading is 
not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market. The 
Debentures are however not required to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market from 
and including the last day on which the admission reasonably can, pursuant to the then 
applicable regulations of the Regulated Market and the CSD, subsist. 
13.6 
Depositary 
13.6.1 
The Issuer shall ensure that the Depositary Agreement complies with these Terms and 
Conditions and that it can be terminated by the Issuer upon a material default of the 
Depositary or the new depositary, as the case may be. 
13.6.2 
If the Issuer decides to terminate the Depositary Agreement with the Depositary in 
accordance with the terms thereof, the Issuer may do so and appoint a new depositary in 
accordance with the provisions of the Depositary Agreement. A new depositary must be 
qualified to act as such under the AIFM Act. 
13.6.3 
Upon termination of the Depositary Agreement in relation to the Depositary, the Manager 
shall assist the Issuer in appointing a new depositary in accordance with the provisions of 
the Depositary Agreement and the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such 
action as the new depositary may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new 
depositary the same rights, powers and obligations of the Depositary as it has under the 
Depositary Agreement. The Issuer shall promptly inform the Debentureholders about any 
such replacement. 
13.6.4 
The new depositary shall take instructions from the Issuer and be given all necessary 
powers of attorney and other support from the Issuer to be able to perform its duties.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
13.7 
Non-compete 
The Parent shall not, and the Parent shall ensure that no Founder as long as the Founder 
owns shares in the Parent, Affiliate, managing director or top management team in an 
Affiliate, directly or indirectly engage, including investing, in any business providing debt 
financing by way of Mortgage Loans if the loan-to-value for such Mortgage Loans, as 
measured by the outstanding principal amount of the relevant mortgage loan divided by the 
latest valuation of the financed property, equals or is less than 60 per cent or such other 
maximum loan-to-value of the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio, as decided from time to 
time, without the consent of the Debentureholders. However, this Clause 13.7, does not 
apply in relation to (i) the Issuer, (ii) any breach of this Clause 13.7 which is remedied 
within three (3) months from its occurrence, (iii) investments in publicly traded stock 
(noterade aktier), mutual funds (värdepappersfonder) and any similar financial 
instruments or business with a diversified investor base and (iv) any business engaged in 
after the board of directors of the Manager has decided not to raise any additional capital to 
be invested in the Issuer, provided that the Parent shall ensure that such business does not 
provide any Mortgage Loans until there are no commitments outstanding under any 
Subscription Undertaking. 
13.8 
Separation of the Portfolio 
13.8.1 
The Issuer shall at all times keep the Portfolio separate from its other assets (whether 
physically or by way of book-keeping). 
13.8.2 
The Manager shall ensure that the Issuer at all times duly and punctually pays any separate 
and private debts that arise outside the scope of these Terms and Conditions, and shall keep 
the Portfolio indemnified from such claims. 
13.9 
Voluntary termination of certain agreements 
The Issuer, the Manager, the Originator and the Servicer (as applicable and as ensured by 
the Parent as relevant) shall not voluntarily terminate the Comfort Agreement, the 
Management Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Sale Agreement or the Servicing Agreement, 
except with the prior consent of the Debentureholders. 
14. 
ACCELERATION OF DEBENTURES 
14.1 
Any Debentureholder is (subject to the further conditions specified below) entitled to 
declare all of its Debentures immediately due and payable, if any of the following events 
has occurred and is continuing: 
(a) 
Insolvency: 
(i) 
The Issuer or an Affiliate is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as 
they fall due, or suspends making payments on any of its debts, except to 
the extent explicitly permitted pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. 
(ii) 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken 
in relation to:  
(A) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, 
winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation of the 
Issuer or an Affiliate;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(B) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any 
creditor of the Issuer or an Affiliate;  
(C) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator or other 
similar officer in respect of the Issuer or an Affiliate or any of 
their assets; or  
(D) 
enforcement of any security over any assets of the Issuer or an 
Affiliate, 
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, except for 
any action by a third party that is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, 
stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement. 
However, in relation to an Affiliate, this paragraph (a) will only apply provided 
that a Debentureholder (or Debentureholders) representing at least fifty 
(50) per cent of the Total Base Amount (such request may only be validly made by 
a person who is a Debentureholder on the Business Day immediately following the 
day on which the request is received by the Issuer and shall, if made by several 
Debentureholders, be made by them jointly) has notified the Issuer that the 
occurred event pursuant to this paragraph (a) shall constitute an Acceleration 
Event. 
(b) 
Change of Control:  A Change of Control Event occurs without the prior consent 
of the Debentureholders pursuant to Clause 15.8. 
(c) 
Failure to Comply:  The Issuer or (where applicable) the Manager or the Parent 
fails to comply with, or in any way acts in violation of, a material obligation under 
these Terms and Conditions or the Manager fails to comply with its obligation to 
renew the power of attorney pursuant to the Comfort Agreement, provided that (i) 
a Debentureholder (or Debentureholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent of 
the Total Base Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is 
a Debentureholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which 
the request is received by the Issuer and shall, if made by several 
Debentureholders, be made by them jointly) have notified the Issuer in reasonable 
detail of the relevant failure and/or violation, and (ii) that the Issuer or the 
Manager, as the case may be, does not remedy such failure or violation within 
twenty (20) Business Days from the day of receipt of such notification. If the 
failure or violation cannot be remedied, or if the Issuer or the Manager, as the case 
may be, fails to remedy the failure or violation as set out above, each 
Debentureholder may, following notification as aforesaid, declare its Debentures 
payable without such prior notice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
a failure to comply with Clause 13.1.2 or 13.7 (Non-compete) shall be considered a 
material violation of obligations under these Terms and Conditions, unless the 
Issuer or Manager proves otherwise.  
(d) 
Fraud and gross negligence:  Any of the Issuer or an Affiliate, or any of their 
representatives, committing fraud or acting with gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct in relation to the Debentureholders, provided that a Debentureholder 
(or Debentureholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the Total Base 
Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a 
Debentureholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the 
request is received by the Issuer and shall, if made by several Debentureholders, be

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
made by them jointly) have notified the Issuer in reasonable detail of the relevant 
fraud and/or occurrence of gross negligence or wilful misconduct. 
14.2 
If a Listing Failure Event has occurred and is continuing with respect of some or all of the 
Debentures, any affected Debentureholder is (subject to the further conditions specified 
below) entitled to declare all of its Debentures immediately due and payable. 
14.3 
If any Debentures are declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 14.1 or 14.2, the 
Portfolio shall be unwound, in whole or in part, and the Manager shall on behalf of the 
Issuer sell the Mortgage Loans in the Portfolio in a commercially sound manner and place 
the funds received on short term bank deposits, as necessary to repay such Debentures.  
14.4 
If Debentures are declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 14.1 or 14.2, the 
Repayment Price for such Debentures shall be based on the Portfolio Value at the time 
when the Manager has sold a sufficient number of Mortgage Loans to generate the funds 
necessary to repay such Debentures. Such Repayment Price shall be repaid together with 
accrued Interest in accordance with Clause 8 (Interest). 
14.5 
If any Debentures are declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 14.1, a 
Debentureholder (or Debentureholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the Total 
Base Amount may notify the Issuer that the Manager and/or the Servicer, as the case may 
be, shall be replaced by an entity nominated by such Debentureholder(s) (such notice may 
only be validly made by a person who is a Debentureholder on the Business Day 
immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if 
made by several Debentureholders, be made by them jointly). Provided that the entity 
nominated is qualified to assume the relevant role in accordance with the AIFM Act and 
other applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer and the Parent shall promptly take all 
action necessary, as set out in Clause 11.5 (Replacement), to terminate the relevant 
Administrative Agreement and replace the Manager or the Servicer, as the case may be.  
15. 
DECISIONS BY DEBENTUREHOLDERS 
15.1 
A request by the Issuer for a decision by the Debentureholders on a matter relating to these 
Terms and Conditions shall (at the option of the Issuer) be dealt with at a 
Debentureholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.  
15.2 
Any request from a Debentureholder (or Debentureholders) representing at least ten 
(10) per cent of the Total Base Amount (such request may only be validly made by a 
person who is a Debentureholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on 
which the request is received by the Issuer and shall, if made by several Debentureholders, 
be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Debentureholders on a matter relating to 
these Terms and Conditions shall be directed to the Issuer and dealt with at a 
Debentureholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Issuer. 
The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in 
the Issuer’s opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Debentureholders’ 
Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Debentureholders’ 
Meeting.  
15.3 
The Issuer may refrain from convening a Debentureholders’ Meeting or instigating a 
Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition 
to the Debentureholders and such person has informed the Issuer that an approval will not 
be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
15.4 
Should the Issuer not convene a Debentureholders’ Meeting or instigate a Written 
Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 15.3 being 
applicable, the Debentureholder(s) requesting a decision by the Debentureholders may 
convene such Debentureholders’ Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case 
may be, instead.  
15.5 
Each Debentureholder has voting rights under these Terms and Conditions based on the 
aggregate Base Amount of the Debentures held by it. 
15.6 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to 
Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Debentureholder) from a person who is, registered as 
a Debentureholder: 
(a) 
on the fifth (5) Business Day prior to the date of the Debentureholders’ Meeting, in 
respect of a Debentureholders’ Meeting, or 
(b) 
on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.2, in 
respect of a Written Procedure, 
(c) 
may exercise voting rights as a Debentureholder at such Debentureholders’ 
Meeting or in such Written Procedure. 
15.7 
The following matters shall require the consent of Debentureholders representing at least 
ninety (90) per cent of the Total Base Amount for which Debentureholders are voting at a 
Debentureholders’ Meeting or for which Debentureholders reply in a Written Procedure in 
accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.2: 
(a) 
a change to the calculation of Interest, Issue Price or Repayment Price;  
(b) 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions applicable only for a future Debenture 
Series;  
(c) 
a change to the provisions in Clause 7 (Use of funds and business of the Issuer) 
and in Clause 13.2 (Business of the Issuer);  
(d) 
any change to Clause 3.6; 
(e) 
any amendment to, or replacement of, the Credit Policy, the Pricing Policy, the 
Mortgage Loan Arrears Policy or the valuation methodology in the Valuation 
Policy; and 
(f) 
a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Debentureholders’ consent 
set out in this Clause 15.  
15.8 
The following matters shall require the consent of Debentureholders representing at least 
sixty-seven (67) per cent of the Total Base Amount for which Debentureholders are voting 
at a Debentureholders’ Meeting or for which Debentureholders reply in a Written 
Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.2: 
(a) 
any change to, or waiver of, these Terms and Conditions (subject to Clause 15.7); 
(b) 
any transactions or agreements between the Issuer and an Affiliate, except for 
agreements relating to services or transactions contemplated by these Terms and 
Conditions;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
(c) 
a consent to a Change of Control Event; and 
(d) 
a consent to engage in competitive business pursuant to Clause 13.7 (Non-
compete). 
15.9 
Unless specified otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, any matter not covered by 
Clauses 15.7 and 15.8 shall require the consent of Debentureholders representing more 
than 50 per cent of the Total Base Amount for which Debentureholders are voting at a 
Debentureholders’ Meeting or for which Debentureholders reply in a Written Procedure in 
accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.2. This includes, but is not 
limited to, approvals of acquisitions, or mandates for acquisitions, of portfolios of 
Mortgage Loans pursuant to Clause 7.4, and approvals of repayment notices pursuant to 
Clause 9.4.2(b). 
15.10 
Quorum at a Debentureholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if 
a Debentureholder (or Debentureholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the 
Total Base Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 15.7 and 15.8, and otherwise 
twenty (20) per cent of the Total Base Amount: 
(a) 
if at a Debentureholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone 
conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or 
(b) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a 
Debentureholders’ Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the 
matters for which a quorum exists.  
15.11 
If a quorum does not exist at a Debentureholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written 
Procedure, the Issuer shall convene a second Debentureholders’ Meeting (in accordance 
with Clause 16.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 17.1), 
as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for 
Debentureholders’ consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For 
the purposes of a second Debentureholders’ Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant 
to this Clause 15.11, the date of request of the second Debentureholders’ Meeting pursuant 
to Clause 16.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 17.1, as the case may be, 
shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum 
requirement in Clause 15.10 shall not apply to such second Debentureholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure.  
15.12 
A decision which affects only one Debentures Series shall only require the consent of a 
sufficient majority of the holders of Debentures of the affected Debenture Series. A 
decision which gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of 
Debentures of different Debenture Series shall require the consent of a sufficient majority 
of the holders of Debentures of each Debenture Series. If a decision is required for an 
individual Debenture Series, applicable thresholds and majorities shall be calculated 
separately for such Debenture Series.  
15.13 
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Manager, or 
limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Manager, under 
these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer’s or the Manager’s consent, as 
applicable.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
15.14 
A Debentureholder holding more than one Debenture need not use all its votes or cast all 
the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some 
of its votes only. 
15.15 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or 
for the benefit of any Debentureholder for or as inducement to any consent under these 
Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Debentureholders that 
consent at the relevant Debentureholders’ Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the 
time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in 
the Written Procedure, as the case may be. 
15.16 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Debentureholders’ Meeting or by way of 
Written Procedure is binding on all Debentureholders, irrespective of them being present or 
represented at the Debentureholders’ Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The 
Debentureholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any 
damages that this may cause other Debentureholders.  
15.17 
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer for the purpose of convening a 
Debentureholders’ Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure shall be 
paid by the Manager. 
15.18 
Debentures held by the Issuer, an Affiliate or any other person or entity owning any 
Debentures (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such 
Debentures) that has undertaken towards the Issuer or an Affiliate to vote for such 
Debentures in accordance with the instructions given by the Issuer or an Affiliate, shall not 
entitle to participation in decisions in respect of matters requiring Debentureholders’ 
consent or any voting rights at a Debentureholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure, and 
such Debentures shall not be considered when calculating if the necessary majority has 
been achieved for a consent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
15.19 
Information about decisions taken at a Debentureholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written 
Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to each Debentureholder, provided that a failure 
to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from 
the relevant Debentureholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a 
Debentureholder be sent to it by the Issuer. 
16. 
DEBENTUREHOLDERS’ MEETING 
16.1 
The Issuer shall convene a Debentureholders’ Meeting as soon as practicable and in any 
event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the 
Debentureholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative 
reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each Debentureholder. 
16.2 
The notice pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the 
meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the 
Debentureholders), and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been 
included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Debentureholders’ Meeting. Should 
prior notification by the Debentureholders be required in order to attend the 
Debentureholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.  
16.3 
The Debentureholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no 
later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
16.4 
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may prescribe such 
further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Debentureholders’ Meeting as 
the Issuer may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for 
Debentureholders to vote without attending the meeting in person. 
17. 
WRITTEN PROCEDURE 
17.1 
The Issuer shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no 
later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the 
Debentureholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative 
reasons) by sending a communication to each Debentureholder.  
17.2 
A communication pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by 
the Debentureholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification 
of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Debentureholder in order to 
be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a 
form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each 
request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within 
which the Debentureholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten 
(10) Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date of 
the communication pursuant to Clause 17.1). If the voting is to be made electronically, 
instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication. 
17.3 
When consents from Debentureholders representing the requisite majority of the Total 
Base Amount pursuant to Clauses 15.7, 15.8 and 15.9 have been received in a Written 
Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 15.7, 
15.8 or 15.9, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written 
Procedure has not yet expired. 
18. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
18.1 
Currency 
All calculations, valuations, allocations and distributions in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions shall be made in Swedish Kronor and all fees to the Manager and the 
Servicer shall be payable in Swedish Kronor. 
18.2 
Conflict of Interest 
Any transactions or agreements between the Issuer and an Affiliate will be on an arm’s 
length basis and requires the prior consent of the Debentureholders, except for agreements 
relating to services or transactions contemplated by these Terms and Conditions.  
18.3 
Applicable laws 
18.3.1 
The Issuer is, and will continue to be, in compliance with the AIFM Act and all other laws 
applicable to it, including but not limited to anti-corruption, anti-terrorism and money-
laundering laws.  
18.3.2 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer 
shall be authorised to take such action as it determines to be necessary or advisable for 
them to comply with all laws applicable to it.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
19. 
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
19.1 
Neither the Issuer, any member of the Board of Directors nor the Manager shall have any 
liability to the Debentureholders for any loss suffered by the Debentureholders, which 
arises out of any action or inaction of the Issuer, the Board of Directors or the Manager, 
unless such course of conduct constituted fraud, wilful misconduct or negligence on the 
part of the Issuer, the Board of Directors or the Manager in relation to the 
Debentureholders, or a breach of these Terms and Conditions. 
19.2 
Neither the Issuer, any member of the Board of Directors nor the Manager shall be liable 
for any loss suffered by the Debentureholders, which arises out of their respective 
managerial and/or commercial decisions, actions or inactions under, or in connection with, 
these Terms and Conditions, unless such decisions, actions or inactions constituted fraud, 
wilful misconduct or negligence, or a breach of these Terms and Conditions. 
19.3 
Neither the Issuer nor the Manager shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of 
any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority (other than by the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) pursuant to applicable financial 
regulations), or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a 
“Force Majeure Event”). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and 
blockades applies even if the Issuer or the Manager itself takes such measures, or is subject 
to such measures. 
19.4 
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Issuer or the Manager from taking 
any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be 
postponed until the obstacle has been removed. 
19.5 
The provisions in this Clause 19 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of 
the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence. 
20. 
BARRING BY LIMITATION 
The right to receive payment of the Repayment Price for the Debentures shall be time-
barred (preskriberad) and become void ten (10) years from the applicable due date. The 
right to receive payment of Interest shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years 
from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for 
payments in respect of which the Debentureholders’ right to receive payment has been 
time-barred and has become void. 
21. 
NOTICES  
21.1 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms 
and Conditions:  
(a) 
if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to 
dispatch; and 
(b) 
if to the Debentureholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the 
CSD on the fifth (5) Business Day prior to dispatch.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
21.2 
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection 
with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter 
and will only be effective: 
(a) 
if by way of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address 
specified in Clause 21.1; or 
(b) 
if by way of letter, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 21.1 or 
three (3) Business Days after being deposited in the post postage prepaid in an 
envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 21.1. 
21.3 
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Debentureholder or any defect in it 
shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Debentureholders. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
22.1 
These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 
Sweden.  
22.2 
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms and 
Conditions, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be finally settled by 
arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Arbitration Institute of the 
Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. The arbitral tribunal shall be composed of three (3) 
arbitrators. The place of arbitration shall be in Stockholm and the language to be used in 
the arbitral proceedings shall be English unless the arbitral tribunal decides otherwise.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves. 
 
Place: Stockholm 
Date: 29 September 2020 
 
STABELO FUND 1 AB (publ) 
as Issuer 
 
________________________ 
________________________ 
Name: 
Name: 
 
 
 
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer 
to us. 
 
Place: Stockholm 
Date: 29 September 2020 
 
STABELO ASSET MANAGEMENT AB 
as Manager 
 
________________________ 
________________________ 
Name: 
Name:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer 
to us. 
 
Place: Stockholm 
Date: 29 September 2020 
 
STABELO GROUP AB 
as Parent 
 
________________________ 
________________________ 
Name: 
Name:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1  
FORM FOR FINAL TERMS 
 
FINAL TERMS FOR  
STABELO FUND 1 AB (publ)  
PARTICIPATING DEBENTURES  
DEBENTURE SERIES [2017/2028:A] 
ISIN NO.: SE[2017/2028:A] 
Applicable Terms and Conditions: 
The terms and conditions for participating 
debentures issued by Stabelo Fund 1 AB (publ), 
originally dated 27 October 2017 and as amended 
and restated on 28 February 2018, 28 June 2018 
and 16 November 2018, and 29 September 2020. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Repayment Date: 
[●] 
Interest Payment Dates: 
15 January, 15 April, 15 July and 15 October in 
each year, or if such date is not a Business Day, 
the following Business Day, commencing on [●] 
and ceasing on [●]. 
Issuing Agent: 
[●] 
The earliest date on which the 
Debentures will be admitted to trading: 
[●] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to 
the admission to trading: 
[●] 
Total number of Debentures admitted to 
trading: 
[●] 
Interests: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
[If applicable, describe interests of individuals and 
legal entities involved in the issuance as well as a 
record of all interests and possible conflicts of 
interests of importance to the issuance together 
with records of those involved and the nature of 
the interest.] 
Discount on Management Fee (if any): 
[●] 
 
These Final Terms shall constitute an integrated part of the Terms and Conditions, and unless 
otherwise defined in these Final Terms, terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
same meanings when used in these Final Terms and the rules of construction set out in the Terms and 
Conditions shall apply also to these Final Terms. 
These Final Terms have been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and on the 
cancellation of Directive 2003/71 and must be read together with the base prospectus and its 
amendment for complete information. With reference to Article 21 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and on the 
cancellation of Directive 2003/71, the base prospectus and its amendments are published on 
stabeloassetmanagement.se. 
A summary of the issuance of this Debentures Series is attached to these Final Terms. 
 
Place: 
Date: 
 
STABELO FUND 1 AB (publ) 
as Issuer 
 
________________________ 
Name: